
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017



Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




  Mary M. Dillon
 
 




















 













Mary M. Dillon
Raleigh Office
4131 Parklake Avenue, Suite 400Raleigh, NC 27612

Tel
919.865.7099


Fax
919.865.7010


Email
mary.dillon@elliswinters.com



Download vCard


PDF
Print PDF



Legal Assistant


Linda Hawkins
919.865.7020


Education

J.D., University of Virginia School of Law, 1993
Law Review: Virginia Environmental Law Journal, Executive Editor, 1992-1993
M.Ed., University of North Carolina, 2004

B.A., University of North Carolina, 1989
Honors: Morehead Scholar



Practice Areas



Antitrust and Trade Regulation


Class Action


Complex Commercial


Corporate and Business


Fires and Explosions


Intellectual Property Litigation


Mass Torts


Medical Malpractice Defense


Pharmaceutical and Medical Device


Products Liability


Torts and Insurance


Unfair and Deceptive Trade Practices








Biography
 
Updates
 


Mary Dillon practices in the areas of civil litigation and corporate law and has over twenty years of experience as a litigator. She represents clients in state and federal courts. She has experience in a wide range of litigation, focusing on products liability litigation, commercial litigation and professional liability. In her litigation practice, she has represented a variety of clients, including lawyers in professional negligence actions, medical device manufacturers and pharmaceutical companies, manufacturers and distributors of construction and safety equipment, food and beverage manufacturers, airlines, boats, automobiles, railroads, and health care practitioners and institutions.
Mary also advises clients in a role of outside corporate counsel. Her breadth of experience includes advising and counseling clients on corporate governance issues, contract drafting and negotiation, employee/personnel matters, legislation, regulatory matters, conflicts of interest, developing corporate policies, and shareholder and Chapter 55 issues. She has represented corporate clients before various local, state and federal governmental entities and regulatory bodies. Mary currently serves as outside general counsel for the North Carolina Railroad Company. In this role, she has garnered extensive experience working with the company and its stakeholders, railroad operators, vendors, project partners, state and local entities, and members of the community.
Mary obtained her undergraduate degree from the University of North Carolina (B.A., 1989), where she was a Morehead Scholar. She received her J.D. from the University of Virginia School of Law (1993), where she was Executive Editor of the Virginia Environmental Law Journal. She also received her Masters in Education from the University of North Carolina. 
Honors and Awards

Business North Carolina, Legal Elite, Litigation & Corporate (2016-present)
Peer Review Rating of AV® in Martindale-Hubbell

Professional Associations and Memberships

North Carolina Pattern Jury Instructions,
	
Reporter for Civil Committee (2011-2014)


North Carolina Association of Defense Attorneys
	
Membership Committee, Co-Chair (2013-2015)
Board of Directors (2008-2011)
Amicus Committee, Chair (2011-2013)
Product Liability Committee, Chair (2007)
Diversity Committee, Co-Chair (2016)


North Carolina Bar Association
	
Citizen Lawyer Task Force, Member (2009-2014); Chair (2015-2016)
Member (1993-2016)


Tenth Judicial District Bar
	
Grievance Committee (2011-2103)


Wake County Bar Association
Defense Research Institute
International Association of Defense Counsel
Triangle ArtWorks
	
Chair, Board of Directors (2010-2015)


Beginnings
	
President (2015-2016)
Board of Directors (2013-2015)



Admissions

North Carolina, 1993
United States District Courts
	
Eastern District of North Carolina
Middle District of North Carolina
Western District of North Carolina


United States Courts of Appeals
	
Fourth Circuit
Ninth Circuit



 









How Mary Dillon Turned Ulta Beauty Into The Leading Cosmetics Retailer











Fast CompanyNewsletterSubscribefast companyhomepagetechnologyleadershipentertainmentideasvideonewsco.Designhomepagecitiesgraphicsinnovation by designinteractiveproductspacescollectionsThe Most Innovative CompaniesThe top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more.Most Creative PeopleMeet this year's inspiring leaders.Innovation By DesignA showcase for ingenious design solutions.Future of PhilanthropyInside The Changing World Of GivingWorld Changing IdeasNew workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system.Work SmartThe apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder.FastCo.Works StudioAn award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current IssueCurrent IssueSUBSCRIBEFollow us:advertisementadvertisement03.20.17 most creative peopleHow Mary Dillon Turned Ulta Beauty Into The Leading Cosmetics RetailerThe McDonald’s and Gatorade veteran joined Ulta in 2013.
The Ulta hunter: When she’s talking to friends and neighbors,
Mary Dillon always asks what inspires them to try a new product. 
Photo: Lyndon French
By Jennifer Braunschweiger4 minute ReadIn the past two years, Ulta Beauty, a salon chain and retailer carrying more than 500 cosmetics brands, has surpassed Sephora to become the nation’s largest beauty merchant, opening more than 200 new stores, breaking ground on its first location in Manhattan, and upping its online sales by more than 50%. That’s all good news for CEO Mary Dillon, but one of her biggest accomplishments isn’t as quantifiable. Dillon, a veteran of McDonald’s and Gatorade, summarizes the sorry state of Ulta’s brand awareness when she took the helm in 2013 with a friendly impression of her target customer: “Ultra? What’s that?” Though sales were satisfactory, a long association with tired strip malls and budget shopping had taken its toll. Dillon repositioned the brand, putting new stores closer to urban centers (she expects to open 300 more by 2019) and investing in technology to deliver online orders more efficiently. “We’re a 27-year-old brand that I feel is just getting started,” she says. Here are some of the strategies in her corporate-makeover playbook.advertisementGo Beyond NumbersThough Dillon is an Ulta shopper herself, she still leans on tactics she honed at other companies, when understanding the consumer didn’t come as easily (she recalls her dogless days marketing for Kibbles ’n Bits). Members of her team go on shop-alongs with customers, asking them about what they like and how they use the products as they move through the store. Dillon couples that intel with data from Ulta’s robust loyalty program, Ultamate Rewards, to complete her picture of the customer. That understanding informs her decisions about how to market Ulta’s more than 20,000 products for maximum impact.Offer Savings, But Make Them PersonalBefore Dillon’s arrival, Ulta was known for its abundance of discounts and coupons. She has edged away from that blunt-force strategy, instead incentivizing customers to join the loyalty program, which allows her to tailor benefits to the shopper. The theory: Thoughtful freebies (some members recently received Urban Decay eye-shadow kits; others, a custom color-matched Clinique foundation) do more to deepen the customer’s emotional connection to the store than a generic 15% off mailer. The strategy appears to be working. The program’s 21.7 million active members now generate more than 90% of Ulta’s overall sales.“People want to buy online, and they want to come into the store and try things. We have to participate in every channel.”Be An AmplifierAbout 20 times a year, Dillon makes trips to several stores around the country specifically to talk to associates, listening for what bubbles up. “I kind of collect these ‘ahas,’ ” she says, remembering the time she heard staff members mention how long it took to unpack the boxes that came from distribution centers. She instructed the centers to reorganize the boxes, aligning them with store layout. The move enabled employees to spend more time with shoppers. “That’s the kind of insight within the seams that’s important,” Dillon says.Meet Customers Where They AreDillon believes building physical stores is critical to growth, but she’s equally committed to improving Ulta’s online shopping experience. One of her early triumphs was investing in a pair of distribution centers that dramatically improved Ulta’s e-commerce processing times. “People want to buy online, and they want to come into the store and try things,” she says. But she can also guide them toward new experiences. Last year Ulta debuted Glam Lab, a virtual try-on experience that allows users to upload a selfie and test products against their skin tones.advertisementKeep Culture At The CenterUlta generates 2,500 new jobs annually, but Dillon isn’t content to just create positions—they have to be fulfilling. During a management meeting early in her tenure, Dillon noticed that no one seemed comfortable asking questions—and the ones that were voiced were often shut down. Today, she encourages open feedback through a quantitative survey that goes out to the company’s 30,000 associates, measuring how engaged they are, how much they trust management, and whether they believe their managers support their career development. The results help Dillon ensure Ulta’s team members continue to uphold a culture of openness. “At the end of the day, especially in retail, you’ve got humans serving humans,” she says. “And really, the more engaged and happier the associates are, the happier our guests are. It’s not complicated.”Brushing UpUlta’s engaging in-store experience helped boost company revenue by more than 20% last year. Here are four ways the company changed its retail formula.

Illustrations: Grace García Salcedo
Salons: Ulta distinguishes itself by offering in-store services, including haircuts and facials. Recognizing that salon guests spend almost three times as much as other customers, Dillon moved the Benefit Brow Bar, a station for eyebrow shaping, to the front of some stores so that shoppers see services when they enter. Salon sales were up 15% in the first nine months of 2016.

Samples: Most beauty retailers provide products for customers to test, but usually only for higher-end brands. In a bid to lure shoppers into stores, Ulta offers samples for a wide range of products, inviting people to try on not just prestige makeup lines such as Estée Lauder and Nars, but also drugstore brands including Maybelline and CoverGirl.

Tools: Walk into an Ulta store and you’ll hear the whir of hair dryers, and not just because of the salons. Many of the electronics the store sells, such as the new Dyson Supersonic hair dryer, are plugged in to encourage play. Even the low-tech tools, like makeup and hair brushes, typically have samples on display for customers to see and feel.

Reviews: As they browse the store’s seemingly unlimited supply of eye shadows, lotions, and nail polishes, shoppers can use the Ulta app to scan any product’s bar code. From there, they can read customer reviews, see similar merchandise, and save items as favorites. The app also tracks loyalty points and displays products and services in an appealing Pinterest-style interface.advertisementRelated StoriesIdeasCRISPR Pioneer Jennifer Doudna On Gene Editing’s Potential For Good And EvilIdeasThe Ethics Of CRISPRMagazineThe CEO Of Flywheel Sports Wants You To Celebrate Your FailuresadvertisementVideoIdeasIdeasWhat Little Free Pantries Say About Hunger In AmericaIdeasThis Dam Has Been A Disaster–Can Turning It Into a Solar Plant Save It?IdeasAutomated Buses Are Here, Now We Have To Decide How They Will Reshape Our CitiesEntertainmentEntertainment“Stranger Things 2” Thriller, Gucci Goes Trekkie: The Top 5 Ads Of The WeekEntertainmentKesha Goes Back Into Old Home Movies In New Anti-Nostalgic Music VideoEntertainmentPanorama Is Around The Corner: This Week In MusicCo.DesignProductThis Airbnb For Great Architecture Is Curated By Two ArchitectsGraphicsThis Photo Captures Every Color In A Single Twinkling StarGraphicsThe Designer Of The Transgender Flag Is A Navy VeteranFast CompanyTechnologyEscalating Sweatshop Protests Keep Nike SweatingLeadershipThe Real Reason Why You’re Easily Distracted Has Nothing To Do With TechnologyLeadershipScoop! This Woman Tastes Ice Cream For A Living






 



How Ulta and Mary Dillon Are Winning the Beauty Battle






















































































Main Menu
Fortune.com




Subscribe

















 





By Phil Wahba


					Photograph by Rebecca Greenfield for Fortune				

					September 15, 2016, 6:30 AM EDT				

How Ulta and Mary Dillon Are Winning the Beauty Battle
Can the fast-growing cosmetics empire keep outmaneuvering the big drugstores and department stores? That’s up to CEO Dillon.
It didn’t take Mary Dillon long to realize she was in over her head.
Six months into her tenure as CEO of Ulta Beauty, Dillon wanted to see what it felt like to work on the retailer’s front lines on the craziest shopping day of the year. So on Christmas Eve in 2013, during a family ski holiday, she picked up a six-hour sales-floor shift at an Ulta store near Salt Lake City.
Inconspicuous in dress-code-compliant black shirt and pants and an Ulta name tag, Dillon found herself besieged with questions from customers—about this facial mask or that hair-coloring treatment—and overwhelmed by just how much she didn’t know about the 20,000 different products Ulta sells. Eventually, at the store manager’s suggestion, she took a spot at the front of the store. “The only thing I was qualified for was handing out shopping bags,” she recalls.
That’s what she was doing when she had an epiphany. Another customer came up with a stack of coupons and asked Dillon how to apply them, given their mazes of terms and conditions. Dillon couldn’t decipher the discounts either. But what really ignited her agita was what those coupons said about Ulta’s marketing—its focus on the constant discounting that she calls a “race to the bottom.”
 5:57 a.m. Mary Dillon commuting in suburban Chicago.Photograph by Rebecca Greenfield for Fortune
“It really hit me that day,” Dillon says. “I didn’t want Ulta to be thought of as the retailer for discounts. I wanted Ulta to be known as a beauty retailer.”
That may sound like a hair’s-breadth distinction to a layperson, but it’s a big deal to Dillon and Ulta Beauty 


ulta



.
Ulta’s formula for selling beauty products—put them all under one roof and offer deals, deals, deals—turned the chain into a fast-growing juggernaut, a very rare success story in a gloomy decade for retail. Though it’s largely invisible in posh urban shopping districts, the Bolingbrook, Ill., company now ranks as the country’s biggest specialized beauty retailer. “They understand how American women buy beauty,” says Wendy Liebmann, CEO of WSL Strategic Retail.

Since 2008, Ulta’s store count has tripled—it recently opened its 900th location—and sales have followed suit, reaching $3.9 billion in 2015. Comparable sales growth, which strips out results from newly closed or opened stores, has also soared, rising an astonishing 14.4% year over year in Ulta’s most recent quarter, head and shoulders above even the best-performing chains (most of which would be thrilled to hit 2%). Investors have salivated over the results: Ulta’s stock is up more than 250% since Dillon became CEO, and its market capitalization now exceeds $15 billion, towering over retailers like Macy’s 


m



, Kohl’s 


kss



, and Nordstrom 


jwn



, whose sales are several times greater.
But all that growth has brought Ulta to a critical juncture. Competition is getting hotter, as rivals from drugstores to department stores to specialty chains like Sephora chase the fast-growing spending of beauty-product buyers. Shareholders’ expectations are sky-high—maybe unsustainably so. And Ulta remains unknown to a large swath of America.
Click to enlarge.
To keep winning in this arena, Ulta is striving to redefine itself—making its image more about customer experience and convenience, less about coupons. That challenge and many others fall to Dillon, a 55-year-old marketing veteran with an easygoing air—and a deep well of experience at huge brands ranging from Gatorade to McDonald’s 


mcd



. Howard Schultz, CEO of Starbucks 


sbux



, whose board Dillon joined in January, says she has the kind of savvy that will help Ulta stand out in a crowded retail field: “She understands the theater and the romance.”
That savvy has helped Dillon keep the momen­tum going, despite her lack of a beauty background: The Ulta CEO job is her first in the industry since she was 16. “Ulta was not even on my radar” when she was approached about the gig in 2013, she tells Fortune at Ulta’s headquarters, 30 miles southwest of Chicago. But that, she adds, was a good thing: It gave her a clean slate. Any speculation Dillon might be a don’t-rock-the-boat leader was quashed in 2014, when she announced that Ulta planned to expand to 1,200 stores by 2019. En route to that goal, she has already rewritten much of Ulta’s playbook—the first steps in a transition she hopes will elevate the company from strip-mall secret to household name.
To see the full 2016 Most Powerful Women list, click here.

Ulta owes its success so far to an all-inclusive ethos. It sells everything from mass-market brands to high-end cosmetics to professional hair-care products, all in a format that lets customers try before they buy. Ulta offers salon services too, so in one trip you theoretically could get your hair done and get a facial, and then buy a curling iron and moisturizer to maintain the look at home.
 7:02 a.m. Dillon at a Starbucks in Naperville, Ill. She recently joined the company’s board.Photograph by Rebecca Greenfield for Fortune
The chain was the brainchild of a group of former executives at Osco, a Midwestern regional drugstore, whose insight was that busy women didn’t want to go to a drugstore, then a mall, then a salon to shop for beauty products. The idea, recalls Terry Hanson, an Ulta cofounder, was “to save women time.” That may sound obvious today, but it wasn’t the norm in 1990, when Ulta opened its first five stores. Nor was it the founders’ only prescient idea: In 1994, Ulta introduced a shopper-rewards program, a relatively new concept in retail at the time. The program, now called Ultamate, is one of the nation’s biggest loyalty programs, with 20.6 million members—and members account for an astounding 80% of its sales.
Ulta opened most of its early locations in strip malls. That was initially a function of how little rent it could afford, but it sped up the chain’s expansion. The strip-mall locations became an even greater asset after the Great Recession, as traffic at conventional malls dropped off. Along the way, Ulta developed a reputation as an oasis for women where shopping is a kind of playtime for the suburban mom. (“It’s not a chore,” is how Dillon describes an Ulta break.) Stores are relatively roomy—typically 10,000 square feet, with about 10% of that taken up by salon stations—and Ulta says three-quarters of customers spend at least 15 minutes there per visit.
 10:41 a.m. Dillon checking inventory with manager Domingo Gonzalez III at an Ulta store in Naperville, Ill.Photograph by Rebecca Greenfield for Fortune
Ulta went public in 2007 and kept expanding aggressively. But growth was almost too easy, company directors now say: Ulta was moving a lot of product but falling behind on e-commerce and its supply chain—and, above all, on taking the company’s image up a notch. When CEO Chuck Rubin departed in 2013 to lead arts-and-crafts retailer Michaels Stores, the board opted for a fresh start. “We knew how to open doors,” says Charles Philippin, Ulta’s nonexecutive chairman. “The next big task was to figure out how to make our customers more loyal and get our brand awareness up.”
Enter Mary Navins Dillon.

You could almost believe Dillon was predestined to lead Ulta. The fourth of six children of a Chicago steelworker and a homemaker, Dillon got her first paycheck from Jewel-Osco. At a store in Darien, Ill., as a 16-year-old in 1977, Dillon first worked in candy and tobacco before moving on to cosmetics. There she was full of suggestions for ways to improve product layout—but managers were uninterested in employee feedback, so she kept them to herself.
She paid her way through college with odd jobs, working as a bank teller, cleaning houses, and waitressing at a comfort-food joint called R.J. Grunts. In 1984, a year after graduating from the University of Illinois at Chicago with a degree in marketing, Dillon started an executive training program at Quaker Oats. Her $29,000 starting salary floored her father, who had taken many years to reach that level.
 1:17 p.m. Dillon meeting with her executive team.Photograph by Rebecca Greenfield for Fortune
Dillon became known for going to great lengths to get inside customers’ heads. “She uses her empathy to understand their hearts and what might motivate them,” says Margaret Stender, a colleague and mentor at Quaker Oats. After becoming head of marketing for pet-food brand ­Kibbles ’n Bits, Dillon, who didn’t own pets, started the Good Doggie Club—meeting regularly with dog parents so she could learn what they loved, hated, and needed. In 2000, when she took over Gatorade’s marketing, Dillon signed up to run the Chicago Marathon to better understand distance runners’ needs. It was her first, and so far only, 26.2-mile race, but Dillon stunned her jock coworkers with an overachieving finishing time. The next day at work, she recalls, “everyone was looking at the newspaper and was like, ‘You just qualified for the Boston Marathon.’ ”
For family reasons, Dillon wanted to keep her career rooted in Chicago. (She and her husband, Terry, have four grown children, and Terry, a biochemist, was a stay-at-home parent.) In 2005 she landed with one of the city’s biggest corporate names, becoming global chief marketing officer at McDonald’s. McDonald’s chairman emeritus Andy McKenna, a mentor and fixture of Chicago’s business community, says Dillon mixed data-driven rigor with creativity; among her innovations was a “Global Moms Panel” that helped her vet the fast-food chain’s campaigns. Because of McDonald’s structure, however, Dillon didn’t have responsibility over a profit-and-loss line, and she didn’t have the hands-on authority she craved. Today she describes the job as feeding her “a big dose of humility.” But McKenna recalls her having big ambitions, saying, “She wanted to be a CEO.”
 3:18 p.m. Dillon holding a Q&A with Ulta “beauty associates.”Photograph by Rebecca Greenfield for Fortune
In any case, when U.S. Cellular, a wireless carrier based in Chicago, came knocking in 2010, Dillon jumped at the chance to lead a company. The stint was a tough one. Regional carriers in general were struggling, and in three years as CEO, Dillon was unable to move the company’s stock. She also made an early misstep: She decided the carrier wouldn’t offer Apple’s iPhone, saying it was too pricey. She reversed herself 18 months later amid falling customer counts. (Dillon calls her initial rejection “the right decision at the time.”) Still, the job gave Dillon even more executive expertise, including a better understanding of technology and experience running U.S. Cellular’s 400 retail stores—and it all added up to make her the leader that Ulta wanted.
Read More: Fortune Live: Fortune’s Most Powerful Women Special Edition

On a tour of a store in Naperville, Ill., Dillon is a warm whirlwind, hugging store managers and greeting stylists by name. She makes store visits around the country at least once a month, but her drop-ins are more frequent here, just a few miles from Ulta’s headquarters. Her visits often include mini focus groups with staff, during which Dillon asks for the brutally frank feedback she didn’t feel entitled to give as a teenage drugstore clerk.
Dillon’s own tastes in beauty products could be called Midwestern Put Together—stylish but not showy. (Last year on an Ulta trip, she bought a pair of Ardell false eyelashes—only to immediately remove them, satisfied that “I can do this if I need to.”) On store visits she adopts a customer’s mind-set: She’s in the market for a good red lipstick and considers herself a hair-product aficionado, boasting that she’s “great at braids” and does a mean updo. But she’s also quick to boast about improvements. Just inside the store sits a stack of catalogs for Ultamate members. These used to be glorified coupon-clipper books with dull fonts and drab design. Now it looks like something a shopper might actually want to read. “It’s not just price, but about product and teaching the customers about beauty,” Dillon says.

“[Dillon] understands the theater and the romance that are necessary in all aspects of the customer experience.”

Though the company was soaring when she became CEO on July 1, 2013, Dillon saw that there were cracks in Ulta’s mirror. Market research at the time showed a 75% overlap between Ulta’s offerings and Amazon’s beauty assortment. That meant Ulta was “Amazon-able” and needed to compete on much more than price. The board gave Dillon a mandate to elevate Ulta’s presentation, marketing, and product lines and generally catch up with the times on the e-commerce front.
Those catalogs represent just one tiny brushstroke in the makeover. Ulta’s in-house brands, which account for only about 3% of sales, are getting an upgrade. Dillon has overhauled the Ultamate loyalty program, introducing new perks like one that offers some items exclusively to members. The more Ultamate shoppers Ulta has, the better its analytics for deciding on new products and new store locations. And Ulta has just launched its first-ever store credit card—yet another way to gather better shopper data.

Dillon has also strengthened Ulta’s technical backbone. In 2014 she set a long-term goal for e-commerce to double from 5% of Ulta’s sales to 10%; since then, it has grown at a searing pace of about 50% a year. Dillon’s team has opened two new distribution centers to support ­e-commerce, along with a suite of IT systems to improve merchandising (the art of what to stock and when). To better understand the supply-and-delivery process, Dillon has been known to show up in jeans and tennis shoes to work on Ulta loading docks.
Few elements of Dillon’s strategy are as important as her efforts to ramp up Ulta’s higher-end beauty-product offerings. It’s easy to see why: Last year, sales of prestige beauty products rose 7%, according to NPD Group. Dillon and chief merchandising and marketing officer Dave Kimbell, with whom Dillon worked at U.S. Cellular, have introduced 200 new brands, including luxury lines like Estée Lauder, Clarins, and Jessica Alba’s Honest Beauty. Ulta is rolling out souped-up in-store boutiques for upmarket brands like Lancôme and Clinique at 500 of its stores.
 6:09 p.m. Dillon, shown here at Ulta’s headquarters in Bolingbrook, Ill., rose in the marketing world by getting inside her customers’ heads. She once ran a marathon just so she could better understand Gatorade drinkers’ needs.Photograph by Rebecca Greenfield for Fortune
Brands like these used to shun Ulta because of its down-market locations. That began to change in the 2000s, and now, in a virtuous circle that Dillon wants to perpetuate, Ulta’s success is giving it more clout with developers in finding prime locations for new stores—helping her expand store count while gussying up the chain’s overall image. “Over time our real estate is getting better, not worse,” says Ulta’s chief financial officer, Scott Settersten. You’re likely to find older Ulta stores next to, say, a 99-cent store or a convenience store. But Ulta’s preferred neighbors are retailers like T.J. Maxx and Target—because of the middle-class shoppers they attract—and now some stores can be found next to a Trader Joe’s or Whole Foods 


wfm



.
Regardless of the store address, Ulta’s reliable growth has contrasted favorably with the ongoing department-store meltdowns, making it easier to lure luxury brands. “There is nothing wrong with strip malls if Ulta has a nice presentation, traffic, training, and experience,” says Fabrizio Freda, CEO of Estée Lauder. In other words: Down-market stigma be damned.
Read More: How Ulta outruns bigger retailers in the beauty-products race

Ulta is far from the only company that has noticed “the lipstick effect,” beauty’s status as a recession-proof revenue driver. According to Euromonitor International, the $80-billion-a-year U.S. beauty industry has been growing 4% a year since 2010—much faster than other areas of retail. Hispanic and African-American women make up a disproportionate share of the market, and featuring more diversity in Ulta’s marketing is among Dillon’s big goals.
Ulta commands about 3% of the beauty and salon market, and Dillon thinks she can double that. But Ulta will have to keep raising its game in a tough competitive field. Sephora, owned by French luxury giant LVMH, skews more urban and high-end, but 45% of Ulta customers also shop there, according to Kantar Retail. It’s keeping the heat on by testing high-tech features like iPad stations that offer beauty classes and virtual makeup try-ons. On the department-store front, J.C. Penney 


jcp



 is opening more Sephora locations within its stores and upgrading its in-house salons. Struggling Macy’s 


m



, meanwhile, is speeding up the expansion of its Bluemercury luxury-beauty chain.
 6:47 p.m. Dillon, a Chicagoland native, has spent all but four years of her career in the region. During college at the University of Illinois at Chicago, she waited tables at Lincoln Park comfort food eatery R.J. Grunts, which keeps a photo gallery of former staff; a photo of Dillon from 1980 sits just above and to the right of her head.Photograph by Rebecca Greenfield for Fortune
Drugstore chains and retail giants are also in the mix. Target 


tgt



 and Kohl’s have “beauty concierges” to help their customers. By year-end, CVS 


cvs



 will have upgraded the beauty areas at 4,000 stores, and Walgreens 


wba



 will have deployed the full skin-care and cosmetics offerings of its higher-end Boots No. 7 line at 1,800 stores. “Drugstores are doing more in beauty than any other retail channel,” says Kantar Retail director Brian Owens. “They want to convert shoppers who may have gotten ideas at Sephora or Ulta,” stealing the patronage of customers looking to simply restock familiar brands.
For now, investment analysts seem to think Ulta can keep its edge. “The burden is on Ulta” to keep its product line fresh, says Oliver Chen, a retail analyst with Cowen & Co., but thanks to “the solid management team, the very good concept, and the scale, the momentum bodes well.”

How Ulta’s Growth Is Exceeding Sales Expectations:





Of course, no company’s momentum is infinite. Last year, Ulta’s stock rose 37%, and the board rewarded Dillon with a compensation package of $18.6 million. That made her the sixth-best-paid U.S. woman CEO in 2015, ahead of the likes of Mondelez International’s Irene Rosenfeld and HP’s Meg Whitman, according to the Associated Press. But numbers like that won’t be easy to replicate.
Dillon has begun readying Wall Street for a future in which Ulta posts comparable sales growth of 5% to 7% a year. That’s a figure that most retailers can only dream of attaining. Still, for Ulta, that will represent a slowdown, resulting from the law of big numbers, potential cannibalization from its new stores, and, yes, stiffer competition.
“We’re doing well,” Dillon tells staff during her Naperville store visit. “So now is the perfect time to ask, ‘What are we doing right?’ ” That’s not the only relevant question, however. Ulta has to fight the temptation to go into autopilot mode and coast on what works. “We are never complacent,” Dillon tells Fortune. “My job is to make us look 10 years out and be prepared.”
Read More: These 11 Powerful Women Are on Our Radar
A version of this article appears in the September 15, 2016 issue of Fortune with the headline “More Than Skin Deep.”










Sign In








						Email address or Password is incorrect					
EMAIL/USERNAME

PASSWORD




Remember Me
Forgot Password?




Want the Full Story?
SUBSCRIBE





Get 







Email









 

Privacy Policy









Thank you for your interest in licensing Fortune content. Please find information on various licensing contacts below and choose the one that best suits your needs:

1. To license Fortune articles, excerpts, or headlines for republication in various media (including books, eBooks, film, web, newsletters, newspapers, magazines and others), please email syndication@timeinc.com.
2. To license a Fortune cover, order reprint or e-print copies of an article or cover, or license an accolade, please contact PARS International at www.timeincreprints.com.
3. To license text only photocopies of Fortunearticles as print or digital handouts in academic settings, or in academic coursepacks, please contact the Copyright Clearance Center at www.copyright.com

































Post to



Cancel







 






























Mary Dillon, Ulta Beauty Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  






























Feedback





Mary Dillon

Chief Executive Officer,
Ulta Beauty Inc






Career History




Chief Executive Officer
Ulta Beauty Inc, 1/2017-PRESENT


Chief Executive Officer
Ulta Salon Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc, 7/2013-PRESENT


Pres & CEO:US Cellular
Telephone & Data Systems Inc, 6/2010-6/2013


President/CEO
United States Cellular Corp, 6/2010-6/2013


Exec VP/Global Chief Mktg Ofcr
Mcdonald's Corp, 10/2005-5/2010


President:Quaker Foods
Pepsico Inc, 9/2004-9/2005


VP:Marketing
Quaker Oats Co, 2002-2004


VP:Marketing
Pepsico Inc, 2000-2002


Senior VP:Marketing
Gardenburger Inc, 1996-2000


Director:Product Offerings
Snapple Beverage Corp, 1995-1996


Secretary
Ctia-The Wireless Assn, 1/2011-UNKNOWN


Show More









Website:
www.ulta.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1000 Remington Blvd
Suite 120
Bolingbrook, IL 60440
United States


Phone:
1-630-410-4800


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.ulta.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Illinois/Chicago
Bachelor's Degree








Memberships



Board Memberships




Northshore University Healthsystem


Board Member, PRESENT




Save The Children Federation Inc


Trustee, PRESENT




Ulta Beauty Inc


Board Member, 1/2017-PRESENT




Starbucks Corp


Board Member, 1/2016-PRESENT




Ulta Salon Cosmetics & Fragrance Inc


Board Member, 7/2013-PRESENT




Target Corp


Board Member, 9/2007-6/2013




United States Cellular Corp


Board Member, 6/2010-6/2013



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Ulta's Mary Dillon plans for a gorgeous future - Chicago Tribune




























































Business 



 Ulta's Mary Dillon plans for a gorgeous future














Ulta's Mary Dillon plans for a gorgeous future




Alexia Elejalde-RuizContact ReporterChicago Tribune

Ulta shows 'an enthusiasm for change' under Mary Dillon's leadership.




Mary Dillon wasn't a regular Ulta Beauty shopper before she took the reins at the hard-charging cosmetics chain in 2013.Like many women, she spread her cosmetics purchases around, picking up a lipstick or eyeliner from Macy's, Nordstrom, Walgreens, Target and, on occasion, Ulta.But the beauty emporium, a one-stop shop for mass-market and high-end makeup, skin and hair products and services, wasn't top of mind.And therein lay the opportunity.

"My instincts told me, and the facts supported, that Ulta wasn't very well-known," Dillon, 53, said as she recounted her decision to leave her post as CEO of U.S. Cellular to become CEO of Ulta."Here I have three teenage daughters. I ought to be there more."Getting more shoppers to come more often to Ulta is central to Dillon's mission as she builds a foundation for the Bolingbrook-based beauty chain to stay fresh-faced as time marches on.Dillon, who arrived at Ulta in the midst of its decadelong Cinderella story, has pulled back on the company's breakneck growth to catch its infrastructure up to its ambitions. Under her direction, Ulta is opening distribution centers, streamlining supply chain systems, bolstering e-commerce capabilities and rethinking marketing to focus less on discounts and more on education.






Tribune graphics
Ulta's star has been rising for years as the beauty chain opens hundreds of new stores across the U.S., with the goal of having 1,200 stores by 2019. Infrastructure investments under CEO Mary Dillon aim to catch its capacity up to its ambitions. NET SALESIn billions NET INCOMEIn millions TOTAL...

              Ulta's star has been rising for years as the beauty chain opens hundreds of new stores across the U.S., with the goal of having 1,200 stores by 2019. Infrastructure investments under CEO Mary Dillon aim to catch its capacity up to its ambitions. NET SALESIn billions NET INCOMEIn millions TOTAL... (Tribune graphics)

Investors initially balked. Ulta's high-flying share price sank in late 2013 after Dillon announced a gloomier-than-usual outlook and her plan to take the long view.But the stock has bounced up more than 60 percent compared with a year ago, closing at $133.26 Friday, signaling Wall Street's confidence that Ulta remains the belle of the ball."She's taking them to the next level in terms of really starting to make investments that they're going to need for the next five, 10 years," said Daniel Hofkin, an analyst at Chicago-based William Blair, which has an "outperform" rating for the company.Ulta, perhaps the only place shoppers can get Maybelline, Smashbox, a curling iron and a facial in one visit, is the nation's largest specialty beauty retailer and the fastest-growing by revenue in the specialty beauty industry.Founded in 1990 by a former president of Osco Drug, Ulta has nearly tripled its revenue since going public in 2007, to $2.67 billion in the fiscal year ended Feb. 1, 2014, as it tripled its number of stores.The company won't release last year's full results until March, but revenue for the 39 weeks ended Nov. 1 was $2.1 billion, up almost 17 percent from the same period a year earlier, and it expected to add another $1 billion in the fourth quarter. It was on track to have 774 stores by year's end.Same-store sales growth, which measures performance at existing shops, has averaged a robust 9 percent.Investment firm Baird estimates Ulta's market share in the specialty beauty category has grown to 15 percent from 6 percent a decade ago. Net income jumped 17.5 percent during the year ended February 2014 and 43.5 percent the year before that.Despite moderating its growth, Ulta is on pace to open 100 stores per year, down from a record 125 stores in 2013, aiming for a goal of 1,200. It looks to grow online sales to 10 percent of total sales by 2019, up from 5 percent now.Dillon, a Chicago native, said the first challenge she confronted at Ulta, after former CEO Chuck Rubin left to helm arts-and-crafts chain Michael's, was the need to think long-term in a constantly changing industry."Amazon has done something for all of retail, which is resetting the customer expectations about how quickly and easily you can get things," said Dillon, who served as global chief marketing officer at McDonald's before taking on cellphones and then cosmetics."Yet we have an experience here in the store that is very relevant and always will be for Ulta."Her first move, she said, was to craft a senior leadership team that could see the business from the customer's perspective 10 years in the future. With competition increasingly stiff, particularly online, what will differentiate Ulta then?The public's perception of Ulta is a central issue. About 70 percent of beauty-productsshoppers express knowledge of Ulta when they are prompted with a cue (such as, "have you heard of Ulta"), a lower rate than that of its major competitors."Guests who shop at Ulta know exactly what we're about," Dillon said. "People who have not shopped at Ulta or have not shopped at Ulta for a long time have a fuzzy image. And that's what I'm all about sharpening and elevating."As she walked the gleaming white aisles of the new Ulta Beauty store in the South Loop, Dillon paused in front of a display and grazed her hand over bristles of makeup brushes arranged to form the word "it.""We call this our petting zoo," she said with a laugh.The exclusive line of brushes from IT Cosmetics, a brand that made its bricks-and-mortar debut at Ulta, isa point of pride for Dillon, who counts introducing new brands as a strategic imperative. Other recent Ulta debuts include Cindy Crawford's skin care line Meaningful Beauty."One thing I love about the beauty industry is that there are so many entrepreneurs, so much creativity, such a fun pipeline of products," Dillon said.Continuing her walk, Dillon stopped in front of a skin care station where customers can get power peels ($40), microdermabrasion treatments ($65) or 20-minute quick-fix facials ($25) from "skin therapists" trained by Dermalogica."This is an area that really I think we're going to get more famous for," she said.Dillon said many people don't know that Ulta operates in-store salons where customers can get haircuts and color, nail services, skin treatments and false eyelash applications. A growing numbers of stores also have Benefit Brow Bars, for eyebrow upkeep.Salons constitute a small part of Ulta's sales — most business comes from its 15 million loyalty members, and fewer than 7 percent of them use salon services. But sales at the salons, not counting those at new stores, grew 10 percent in the third quarter.Ulta's salons account for less than half a percentage point share of the $48 billion salon market, Hofkin said.To Dillon, that's an opportunity to find converts, and a key differentiator as online shopping continues its ascent."Until Amazon creates a drone that can cut your hair, there's a physical and real reason to come to the store," Dillon said. Hair services at Ulta start at $36 for a basic cut and style and go up to $162 for a KeraStraight Smoothing Treatment.Haircuts, which people don't trust to just anyone, can be a tough sell.

Laurie Leopold, 32, who lives in the Ukrainian Village neighborhood and runs the beauty blog 312Beauty.com, is an Ulta regular, but says she wouldn't get her hair done there."I have a salon I go to," she said.Leopold said she stops into Ulta almost weekly during her Sunday errands to peruse the nail polish aislesand appreciates that stores receive hard-to-get products quickly.But she doesn't view Ulta as a place to discover new brands, which she prefers to do on e-commerce sites that seem to pop up weekly."The excitement I get when I go to Ulta is not necessarily that I haven't heard of this brand, but rather that I have," Leopold said.She views Ulta differently from rival Sephora, which sells premium brands. The French company also has been growing strongly, though in the U.S. it remains a smaller player.LVMH, which owns Sephora, does not report the beauty retailer's sales individually, but analysts at New York-based investment research firm Sanford C. Bernstein forecast 14 percent annualsales growth over the next few years.With black, glossy fixtures and thumping music, Sephora exudes a younger nightclub vibe that can feel overstimulating, Leopold said. To avoid that scene, and because she likes the promotion codes and mailed samples, she prefers to shop Sephora online.At Ulta, where the lights are bright, the music quiet and the aisles wide, Leopold prefers to shop in person at her leisure. Ulta stores tend to be in "power centers," or strip malls, to give customers drive-up convenience."Ulta for me still has the suburban mom demographic," Leopold said.Dillon talks often about marketing to the "beauty enthusiast," but said the profile of her target audience is more psychographic than demographic, spanning all ages, incomes and geographies."The common thread is that they love beauty, they take care of their skin, they like to try new trends and learn what's trending," Dillon said. The average transaction at Ulta is about $40.Still, Karen Grant, global beauty industry analyst at NPD Group, said Ulta's customer tends to be 35 to 45, older than the typical Sephora customer, who averages 25 to 35 years old.The constant deluge of new players and fluidity of brands has the made practically every retailer Ulta's competition, from the luxury boutique to the dollar store, Grant said.With drugstores polishing their makeup aisles to look more like Ulta, and department stores democratizing their counters to be more like Sephora, "you really have to have a reason for why they come to you," Grant said. "You have to have a relationship, things that create conversation."To foster those ties, Dillon is emphasizing not just price and product, but education, content and beauty tips. During the "Love Your Skin" and "Love Your Hair" months, daily in-store events explored beauty themes or products.A magazine Ulta recently sent to members prominently advertised its salon services while a page on anti-aging serums, a hot beauty category, described what the serums do and how the products differ.To drive guest personalization, Ulta is piloting a mobile app that allows store associates to sign up shoppers to its loyalty program and create guest profiles that includes details such as skin type so they can better recommend products."What I've really introduced to my team is elevating what Ulta is about," Dillon said.To get the message out, Dillon is gradually peeling back on discounts and using that money to drive brand awareness. Ulta, which historically has relied on newspaper circulars, recently conducted advertising tests in TV, radio, digital and print in six markets, though not in Chicago,and plans to roll out a broader marketing plan this year.Reducing promotions people are accustomed to can be tricky, as anyone who watched the fallout at J.C. Penney knows.Dillon said value will continue to be a core part of the experience, but Ulta will "emphasize focused, personalized promotional programs like our loyalty program, 21 Days of Beauty and free gifts with purchase while occasionally offering broad-scale discounts including the popular 20 percent off event."Dillon's initiatives — and her team's initiative — have impressed at least one vendor.Aurelian Lis, general manager of North Americas at Benefit Cosmetics, remembers meeting with Dillon's team last year to discuss ideas to explore in 2015. Within days, he said, Ulta had set up meetings to move forward on them.Benefit's relationship with Ulta is critical to the brand's retail strategy, Lis said, because its brow bars are "an integral part of our customer experience" and Ulta can execute them at a large scale. San Francisco-based Benefit opened 113 Brow Bars in Ulta stores last year and expects to open another 127 this year.The positivity Dillon's team has shown toward ideas is important for a creative brand to keep ideas flowing, Lis said. When Benefit launched its "They're Real" Push-up eyeliner last year, Ulta helped the brand celebrate with a countdown display and day-of-launch event boxes containing decorative swag."It's a very progressive retailer," Lis said. "There's an enthusiasm for change and an enthusiasm for trying to do things in a new way, which is really refreshing and great to see."aelejalderuiz@tribpub.com A chat with the CEOWhat attracted you to Ulta?"I love that we're a growing company. Opening 100 stores a year allows us to create about 2,000 jobs a year. That for me is exciting to be able to drive growth and create opportunities, not just for women but largely for women. ... Also, (in) how many jobs can you go from a board meeting to trying on a mascara from Benefit because you're meeting with the Benefit global CEO?"What is your makeup weakness?"I cannot resist trying on every mascara we have, and I don't think I'm alone in that. I came from the world of consumer packaged goods, so I'm always intrigued what our vendors and partners do in terms of packaging and product innovation."How do you unwind?"I exercise almost every day. I know that sounds not very un-windy. But it helps me balance and manage my energy."— Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz

Copyright
            © 2017, Chicago Tribune
 E-Commerce Industry Consumer Goods Industries Amazon.com















Mary Dillon Ulta

Teavana stores to close as Starbucks focuses on China

'Honey, you've been scammed,' she was told. She lost her home of 30 years.






















SportsBreakingHoyMost PopularOpinionSuburbsEntertainmentAdvertising72°




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









  Beauty Consultants and Mary Kay Beauty Products in Colorado              Beauty Products in Colorado by Mary Kay Consultants               What can you achieve with Mary Kay? With an Independent Beauty Consultant in Colorado, beauty products      and an experience that’s personal and perfect are within reach.      With dozens of products to choose from        and custom recommendations from a Mary Kay expert,       you’ll create a look that’s all your own.      Combine elements like color, skin care, fragrance, beauty gifts, and more.        Target skin issues with products like our acne treatments and        choose from makeup like Mary Kay’s      luscious lipsticks       and mineral eye makeup;       and get the beauty tools you need like our makeup brushes and primers.        Find your Beauty Consultant in Colorado. Beauty products and personal service are only a click or a call away with Mary Kay.       Contact us and find out how!               Top Selling Beauty Products       Find Beauty Consultants in Colorado Cities  DenverColorado SpringsAuroraLittletonFort CollinsPuebloArvadaBoulderLongmontGrand JunctionGreeleyEnglewoodBroomfieldParkerLovelandBrightonCastle RockGoldenWestminsterCommerce CityDurangoMontroseThorntonLouisvilleCanon CityFountainLafayetteWheat RidgeEvergreenPeytonWindsorErieMonumentSterlingLone TreeEvansSteamboat SpringsFort MorganGlenwood SpringsFruitaCarbondaleMorrisonAlamosaCortezDeltaCliftonRifleCraigTrinidadFort Lupton   Mary Kay Beauty Products Available in Colorado      Back To    Back to Home   Colorado          Mary Kay           About Mary Kay   Satisfaction Guarantee         PRODUCTS   TIPS & TRENDS   MK PARTIES   BE A BEAUTY CONSULTANT   MY MK   ECATALOG   Find an Independent Beauty Consultant            Menu       Find an Independent Beauty Consultant   Home   Products   Tips & Trends   MK Parties   Be a Beauty Consultant   My MK   eCatalog          The secret to Ulta Beauty's (and CEO Mary Dillon's) success | Fortune.comMPWSearchSearchDonald TrumpWhy Trump’s Management Style Doesn’t WorkWinkwill.i.am Just Bought the Struggling Smart Home Hub WinkCOMPARECARDSSPONSOREDData SheetData Sheet—Friday, July 28, 2017Ulta Beauty CEO Mary Dillon at Fortune Most Powerful Women Summit Courtesy of FortuneMost Powerful WomenThe secret to Ulta Beauty’s (and CEO Mary Dillon’s) successMichal Lev-RamOct 15, 2015In the last 12 months, retailer Ulta Beauty's revenue has gone up 21%. The company's stock, meanwhile, is up 65% since CEO Mary Dillon took over in the summer of 2013. And instead of closing shops, like many brick-and-mortar retailers have been forced to do, Dillon plans to open 100 more stores per year.How is Dillon bucking the trend? She answered this question Wednesday at Fortune's Most Powerful Women Summit in Washington, D.C."What we are doing is, with the exceptional talent in our stores and my executive team, aligning around the purpose of bringing all things beauty all in one place," Dillon told the audience. "We're just playing offense. We're opening 100 stores a year, setting the right investor expectations and delivering against that and offering a great experience to discover beauty for those who love beauty."Ulta, based outside of Chicago, operates more than 800 stores in 48 states. The company employs about 25,000 workers—94% of them are women. One of Ulta's differentiators is that it offers more complete and high-end products than mass market drugstore chains, but is still more affordable than Sephora or department stores like Macy's. The beauty retailer also offers salon services at its locations.Dillon, who was raised in the South Side of Chicago and was the first in her family to attend college, has another ingredient to her secret sauce: A stay-at-home husband who plays the "lead parent" role for their four children."It was the best thing we could have ever done," Dillon told the Most Powerful Women audience. "Most Americans actually need to have both people working, and it’s a luxury and something to celebrate if you can make a choice like this. And this choice isn’t for everyone. But it’s nice to not have to worry about what time does daycare close."Another speaker at the conference, New America Foundation president and author Anne-Marie Slaughter, also talked about "celebrating" men who take the lead parenting role. (Slaughter noted that 50% of men graduating with MBAs today plan to put family ahead of career at some point, and that Millennial men are more likely to spend more time with their children than previous generations.)During Dillon's interview, moderator and Fortune assistant managing editor Leigh Gallagher asked how many of the women in the audience also had stay-at-home partners. Nearly half of the women in the room raised their hand.As for other secrets, Dillon also shared one of the hottest new beauty trends: Strobing. According to Dillon, who knows a thing or two about beauty products, it's the new contouring. Now you know.Subscribe to The Broadsheet, Fortune’s daily newsletter on the world’s most powerful women.Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers© 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved.All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed SolutionsSubscribeSearchHomeFortune 500All RankingsTechLeadershipVentureFortune InsidersMost Powerful WomenAutomotiveCareersEnergy & EnvironmentExecutive TravelFinanceHealthTIME HealthInternationalLooking ForwardRetailMarketsMagazineNewslettersVideosFortune ConferencesFollow FORTUNEShareShare on FacebookPost on TwitterEmail this storyShare on RedditShare on PinterestShare on LinkedIn  Mary Kay Beauty Products in Dillon, CO           Beauty Products From Mary Kay in Dillon, CO               Beauty and brilliance are always close at hand when you shop with Mary Kay.       Just find the Mary Kay Independent Beauty Consultant in the Dillon area     and discover a look you love.        Our beauty products come in colors that wow and offer results you’ll love.        From the perfect primer        to floral fragrances,       makeup gift ideas        to age-fighting skin care, we have it all.      Whether you need to update your style,         clear your skin’s complexion,      or simply treat yourself to something glamorous,         leave it to Mary Kay Independent Beauty Consultants to bring you exactly what you need for a radiant look.     To get the latest beauty tips and tricks       and receive custom recommendations for beauty products,        your Dillon Independent Beauty Consultant can work with you today.              Top Selling Beauty Products     Find Beauty Consultants in Nearby Cities SilverthorneFriscoIdaho SpringsFraserWinter ParkGeorgetownCentral CityJeffersonEmpireRed Cliff Beauty Consultants by Zip Code 80435   Mary Kay Beauty Products Available in Dillon        Skin Care    Everything you need for radiant, flawless skin that defies age.    View All Skin Care       Acne    See clearer skin in just 7 days with the Clear Proof® Acne System.    View All Acne       Makeup    From all-natural to glam, matte to shimmer, it's color to suit your style.    View All Makeup       Gifts    The perfect little something for special occasions or "just because".    View All Gifts       Fragrance    Romantic, floral or fruity, we've got your signature scent.    View All Fragrance       Opportunities    Love what you do, start your success story today.    View All Opportunities      Body & Sun Products to soothe, smooth, revitalize and protect... from head to toe.    View All Body & Sun       Men's Everything a man needs to be perfectly groomed   View All Men's        Back To   Home Back to ColoradoDillon       Mary Kay           About Mary Kay   Satisfaction Guarantee         PRODUCTS   TIPS & TRENDS   MK PARTIES   BE A BEAUTY CONSULTANT   MY MK   ECATALOG   Find an Independent Beauty Consultant            Menu       Find an Independent Beauty Consultant   Home   Products   Tips & Trends   MK Parties   Be a Beauty Consultant   My MK   eCatalog          