Dillard's - Official Site of Dillard's Department Stores - Dillards.com | The Style of Your LifeYour browser currently has JavaScript disabled. Please turn JavaScript on to have the best shopping experience on Dillards.com. Click here to enable.(Logout)(Not Me)LoginMy Dillard'sMy Wish ListMy Wish ListRegistryShopping Bag (0) CLOSE Existing CustomersLoginNew CustomersCreate an accountMy Dillard'sPersonal Information Wish List Address Book Quick Checkout Profile Purchase History Manage eGift Cards Pay My Bill Manage Your Dillard's Card Manage Registry LogoutYou are logging in to Dillards.com.If you want to pay your bill, please visit Dillards.com/payonline.Create an account or log into an accountSale and ClearanceShop By BrandLimited AvailabilityAPO / FPOTrack OrderContact Us Via EmailPrices and sale offers may vary by store location, including Dillards.com, and are subject to change. © 2017 Dillard'sDillard's - Official Site of Dillard's Department Stores - Dillards.com | The Style of Your LifeYour browser currently has JavaScript disabled. Please turn JavaScript on to have the best shopping experience on Dillards.com. Click here to enable.(Logout)(Not Me)LoginMy Dillard'sMy Wish ListMy Wish ListRegistryShopping Bag (0) CLOSE Existing CustomersLoginNew CustomersCreate an accountMy Dillard'sPersonal Information Wish List Address Book Quick Checkout Profile Purchase History Manage eGift Cards Pay My Bill Manage Your Dillard's Card Manage Registry LogoutYou are logging in to Dillards.com.If you want to pay your bill, please visit Dillards.com/payonline.Create an account or log into an accountSale and ClearanceShop By BrandLimited AvailabilityAPO / FPOTrack OrderContact Us Via EmailPrices and sale offers may vary by store location, including Dillards.com, and are subject to change. © 2017 Dillard'sMen | Dillards.com

(Logout)(Not Me)LoginMy Dillard'sMy Wish ListMy Wish ListRegistryShopping Bag (0) CLOSE Existing CustomersLoginNew CustomersCreate an accountMy Dillard'sPersonal Information Wish List Address Book Quick Checkout Profile Purchase History Manage eGift Cards Pay My Bill Manage Your Dillard's Card Manage Registry LogoutYou are logging in to Dillards.com.If you want to pay your bill, please visit Dillards.com/payonline.Create an account or log into an accountSale and ClearanceShop By BrandLimited AvailabilityAPO / FPOTrack OrderContact Us Via EmailMenNew Arrivals Shop AllShop AllShop AllShop New ArrivalsShop New ArrivalsSpecialty ShopsGolf ShopNon-Iron ShopOutdoor ShopSlim ShopMen's ContemporaryWork ShopFormal ShopCategoryBig & Tall (618)Accessories (845)Activewear (129)Suits, Blazers, Sportcoats, & Vests (105)Men's Gifts (3)Golf (128)Jeans (397)Outerwear: Coats, Jackets & Vests (27)Pants (285)Shirts (2,967)Shorts (309)Sleepwear & Robes (70)Sweaters (18)Swimwear (161)Underwear, Undershirts, & Socks (402)BRANDAffliction (6)Age of Wisdom (7)American Fighter (6)Armani Exchange (100)Astronomy (6)Ben Sherman (29)Beretta (50)Big Star (6)Billabong (21)Bobby Jones (17)Bosca (11)BOSS Hugo Boss (74)Brooks Brothers (120)Buffalo David Bitton (59)Bugatchi (34)Callaway (21)Calvin Klein (161)Caribbean (182)Cole Haan (21)Columbia (36)Costa (31)Cremieux (754)Cufflinks Inc. (2)Cutter & Buck (7)Cypress Links (2)Dockers (22)Dooney & Bourke (7)Emporio Armani (16)Fairway & Greene (12)Flag and Anthem (49)Fossil (51)Fripp & Folly (30)Frye (10)Giorgio Armani (10)Guess (33)Hart Schaffner Marx (145)Hot Sox (23)Hugo Boss (2)HUGO HUGO BOSS (2)Hurley (28)Iron (3)James Avery Jewelry (11)Joe's Jeans (17)John Varvatos (58)Johnston & Murphy (36)K. Bell (6)Kavu (1)Kenneth Cole New York (36)Levi's (184)Lucky Brand (49)Marmot (15)Michael Kors (95)Murano (343)Nash (9)Nautica (151)Nike (133)O'Neill (34)Original Penguin (140)Pendleton (8)Perry Ellis (256)Polo Ralph Lauren (789)Psycho Bunny (39)Ralph Ralph Lauren (18)Request (5)Rock Revival (44)Roundtree & Yorke (680)RVCA (41)Samsonite (1)Silver Jeans Co. (25)SmartWool (25)Southern Fried Cotton (31)Southern Lure (26)Southern Proper (17)Spanx (8)Ted Baker London (24)The North Face (63)Thomas Dean (24)Thread & Cloth (6)Timberland (13)Tommy Bahama (228)True Religion (65)T-Tech by Tumi (1)Tumi (23)Turnbury (5)Under Armour (103)UPM United Precious Metals (3)Victorinox Swiss Army (3)Vince Camuto (20)Vintage 1946 (2)Visconti (15)William Rast (41)Woolrich (25)Wurkin Stiff (1)FilterMenMENALSO SHOP :BIG & TALLSHOP ALL MEN'S APPARELPrices and sale offers may vary by store location, including Dillards.com, and are subject to change. © 2017 Dillard'sDillard's - Official Site of Dillard's Department Stores - Dillards.com | The Style of Your LifeYour browser currently has JavaScript disabled. Please turn JavaScript on to have the best shopping experience on Dillards.com. Click here to enable.(Logout)(Not Me)LoginMy Dillard'sMy Wish ListMy Wish ListRegistryShopping Bag (0) CLOSE Existing CustomersLoginNew CustomersCreate an accountMy Dillard'sPersonal Information Wish List Address Book Quick Checkout Profile Purchase History Manage eGift Cards Pay My Bill Manage Your Dillard's Card Manage Registry LogoutYou are logging in to Dillards.com.If you want to pay your bill, please visit Dillards.com/payonline.Create an account or log into an accountSale and ClearanceShop By BrandLimited AvailabilityAPO / FPOTrack OrderContact Us Via EmailPrices and sale offers may vary by store location, including Dillards.com, and are subject to change. © 2017 Dillard's













Recall List | CPSC.gov







































Skip to main content






Languages
简体中文
English
Bahasa Indonesia
한국어
Español
ภาษาไทย
Tiếng Việt





          Text Size: Decrease Font
Increase Font



Contact CPSC



Consumers:



Businesses:






Report an Unsafe Product

Consumers
Businesses










United States
CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION




Search CPSC











Search

















Report an Unsafe Product

Consumers
Businesses






 


Home 



Recall List



























Recalls CSV


Recalls RSS


Spanish
 





            Date          

 Start date
 Date
 End date
 Date
 



            Search All          

 


Apply



 


 July 27, 2017Really Good Stuff Recalls Magnetic Dry Erase Boards Due to Laceration Hazard (Recall Alert)The thin magnetic metal surface can separate from the product’s wooden board, posing a laceration hazard.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled boards and contact Really Good Stuff for a replacement board.
Units: About 1.6 millionConsumer Contact:Website: http://www.reallygoodstuff.com E-mail: Recalls@reallygoodstuff.comPhone: 800-801-4046  

 July 25, 2017Polaris Recalls RZR 170 Recreational Off-Highway Vehicles Due to Fuel Leak, Fire HazardsThe fuel tank neck can crack or the wiring harness can overheat or short circuit, posing fuel leak and fire hazards. 
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled ROVs and contact Polaris to schedule a free repair. Polaris is contacting all known purchasers directly.  
Units: 16,800Consumer Contact:Website: C:/Users/smberg/AppData/Local/Microsoft/Windows/Temporary%20Internet%20Files/Content.Outlook/YSIRLU82/www.polaris.comPhone: 800-765-2747  

 July 25, 2017Outxpro Mosquito Zapper LED Light Bulbs Recalled by R & D Products Due to Shock Hazard; Sold Exclusively at Amazon.com (Recall Alert)The LED light bulb’s base can separate from the connector, posing an electrical shock hazard.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled light bulbs, turn off the power supply and contact R&D Products for a free repair, including shipping, and instructions for removing and replacing the light bulb. R&D Products will reimburse consumers if a professional electrician is needed to remove the recalled light bulb’s base.
Units: About 3,700Consumer Contact:Website: http://www.outxpro.com E-mail: happytohelp@outxpro.comPhone: 800-607-1848  

 July 25, 2017Quality Foam Recalls Mattresses Due to Violation of Federal Mattress Flammability StandardThe mattresses fail to meet the mandatory federal flammability standard for mattresses, posing a fire hazard.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled mattresses and contact Quality Foam or the place of purchase for instructions on receiving a free mattress cover to bring the mattress into compliance with the federal standard.
Units: About 12,200 Consumer Contact: E-mail: customerservicequalityfoam@gmail.comPhone: 844-511-3644  

 July 24, 2017iRover Recalls Self-Balancing Scooters/Hoverboards Due to Fire HazardThe lithium-ion battery packs in the self-balancing scooters/hoverboards can overheat, posing a risk of smoking, catching fire and/or exploding.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using these recalled scooters/hoverboards and contact iRover for instructions on returning their hoverboard for a free UL2272-certified replacement unit.
Units: About 2,800 Consumer Contact:Website: http://www.iroverus.comPhone: 888-348-6434  

 July 21, 2017ZORJAR Recalls Women’s Scarves Due to Violation of Federal Flammability Standard; Sold Exclusively on Amazon.com (Recall Alert)The women’s scarves fail to meet the federal flammability standard for clothing textiles, posing a risk of burn injuries to consumers.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled scarves and contact the firm for a full refund. ZORJAR is directly contacting consumers who have purchased the scarves.
Units: About 1,700Consumer Contact: E-mail: jameicheng@163.com  

 July 20, 2017Manhattan Toy Recalls Activity Toys Due to Choking HazardThe colored plastic tubes on the product may become brittle and break into small pieces, posing a choking hazard to infants.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately take the recalled toys away from infants and return it to the store where  purchased or contact Manhattan Toy for a full refund.
Units: About 14,400 (in addition, about 1,000 were sold in Canada)Consumer Contact:Website: http://www.manhattantoy.comPhone: 800-541-1345  

 July 19, 2017Polaris Recalls Sportsman 570 All-Terrain Vehicles Due to Fuel Leak, Fire HazardsFuel can leak into the headlight pod, posing fuel leak and fire hazards.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled ATVs and contact Polaris to schedule a free repair. Polaris is contacting all known purchasers directly.
Units: About 25,600Consumer Contact:Website: http://www.polaris.comPhone: 800-765-2747  

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »





Search Product Safety Reports
Search Product Safety Reports on Saferproducts.gov 


Find more about government recalls
Recalls.gov


Find recalls from around the world
Global Recall Portal


 












×
You are about to leave the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) public website.


The link you selected is for a destination outside of the Federal Government. CPSC does not control this external site or its privacy policy and cannot attest to the accuracy of the information it contains. You may wish to review the privacy policy of the external site as its information collection practices may differ from ours. Linking to this external site does not constitute an endorsement of the site or the information it contains by CPSC or any of its employees.
Click Ok if you wish to continue to the website; otherwise, click Cancel to return to our site.


Ok
Cancel




 



FAQ - US and International | Dillards.com(Logout)(Not Me)LoginMy Dillard'sMy Wish ListMy Wish ListRegistryShopping Bag (0) CLOSE Existing CustomersLoginNew CustomersCreate an accountMy Dillard'sPersonal Information Wish List Address Book Quick Checkout Profile Purchase History Manage eGift Cards Pay My Bill Manage Your Dillard's Card Manage Registry LogoutYou are logging in to Dillards.com.If you want to pay your bill, please visit Dillards.com/payonline.Create an account or log into an accountSale and ClearanceShop By BrandLimited AvailabilityAPO / FPOTrack OrderContact Us Via Email(Logout)(Not Me)LoginMy AccountPay My BillWish ListWish ListStore Locator0MenuFrequently Asked QuestionsBelow is a list of the questions most frequently asked by our customers. Select for details.If you don't find the answer below, please contact us.Click to select Do I have to pay shipping? Do you ship to APO/FPO addresses? How soon will I receive my order? How will my order ship? What if I need to return an item? What if I need to return a gift purchased in a Dillard's store? How can I check on my order? What if I need to cancel my order? Do you offer Gift Wrap? What types of payment do you accept for online purchases? How do I contact the Dillard's Call Center and what are their hours? Do I have to pay tax on my order? How do I place an order online? How do I create a Dillards.com Account? Do I have to have a Dillards.com account to purchase on your site? What if I forget my Password or need to reset it? What if I need to change my Dillards.com account profile?How can I learn more about the Dillard's Credit Cards and Rewards Program?What is the Dillard's Rewards Program?How do I receive and redeem Dillard's Rewards Shopping Passes or Rewards Certificates?How do I reach Elite Member status? What are the benefits of being an Elite Cardmember?Do you have Gift Cards?Where can I use my Gift Card? How can I find out the balance on my Gift Card? How can I report a Gift Card lost or stolen? Do you sell Electronic Gift Cards? Where can eGift Cards be used? How do I activate an eGift Card I receive? When I use an eGift Card to make a purchase, and then return that purchase, why is my balance put on a traditional gift card rather than my eGift Card? What is the PIN used for that is located on the printed version of my eGift Card? How can I find out the balance of my eGift Card? How do I find the Dillard's store closest to me? Is Dillard's affiliated with any other retail companies? What is the Dillard's Stock symbol? What is the address and phone number of your corporate office? What if I have a question or need information?How can I find out about Career Opportunities with Dillard's?What categories are featured in your catalogs?What if I am allergic to fragrance strips in catalogs and statement enclosures? Can I see my receipts electronically without getting them sent by email?Does Dillards.com offer alterations?What type of alterations are available in stores?Gift Registry Frequently Asked QuestionsClick HERE for FAQs relating to our Gift Registry.Policies & NoticesBelow is a list of our policies and notices. Select for details.Click to selectCalifornia Transparency in Supply Chains ActCopyright NoticeDillards.com Privacy PolicyIn-Store Return PolicyLegal Notices - Terms of UseLimitation of LiabilityOnline Return PolicyPricing PolicyShipping PolicySubmission of Information to Dillard'sTax InformationThe Children's Online Privacy Protection ActProduct RecallsYou can visit the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) at www.cpsc.gov for more information on recalls. Swagway X1 Hands-Free Self-Balancing Scooter Recall Cuisinart Food Processors  Starting Out - Dillard’s Recall Poster Frequently Asked QuestionsShippingQ. Do I have to pay shipping?A. Yes, and orders requesting Expedited or Next Day service and ordered before 12PM CST are shipped the same day (Monday through Friday). Expedited or Next Day orders placed on Friday after 12PM CST, Saturday, Sunday or a holiday will be shipped the following business day. You can expect delivery within two business days for Expedited and one business day for Next Day service after shipping. Expedited shipping and Next Day shipping are not available for P.O. Box, APO/FPO addresses, Alaska, Hawaii, or to U.S. Territories. Shipping charges are calculated for each address and are based on the order amount being shipped to that address. The following charges will apply to your order:CONTINENTAL U.S.ORDER AMOUNTSTANDARDEXPEDITEDNEXT DAYUp to $149.99$8.50$18.50$28.50$150.00 and Up$11.95$21.95$31.95CONTINENTAL U.S.-P.O. BOX/ APO/ FPOORDER AMOUNTSTANDARDEXPEDITEDNEXT DAYUp to $149.99$8.50Not AvailableNot Available$150.00 and Up$11.95Not AvailableNot AvailableALASKA, HAWAII, U.S. TERRITORIESORDER AMOUNTSTANDARDEXPEDITEDNEXT DAYUp to $149.99$18.50Not AvailableNot Available$150.00 and Up$21.95Not AvailableNot AvailableItems, including certain electronics, that are very large or fragile may include an additional shipping charge. Items in a multi-item order may be shipped separately and from different locations. Gift Cards are shipped U.S. Mail at no charge for Standard delivery. There is an $8.50 charge for Expedited delivery and an $18.50 charge for Next Day delivery. Dillard's does not ship fragrances, aerosols, and alcohol based products via Expedited delivery, Next Day delivery or to P.O. boxes, military facilities or outside the continental United States. Please select Standard delivery for the shipment of these items.Q. Do you ship to APO/FPO addresses?A. Yes, we do ship to APO/FPO addresses. However, due to restrictions at those postal facilities, we are unable to ship oversized or heavy items. We also cannot offer Expedited or Next Day shipping to these locations. Please allow 2-8 weeks for delivery.Q. How soon will I receive my order?A.Processing time for in stock items is approximately two business days. Standard delivery is two to five business days; Expedited delivery is two business days; Next Day delivery is one business day. Delivery times do not include processing time. If the item is not in stock, you will receive an email to notify you.Q. How will my order ship?A. Our service providers are FedEx and USPS. The carrier will be determined by the service available for your "ship to" location and the method of delivery (Standard, Expedited or Next Day) you select. When your order ships, you will receive an email that includes the name of the carrier and a tracking number. You will also receive an email when your purchase has been delivered. For more information about shipping, please refer to our Shipping Policy.ReturnsQ. What if I need to return an item?A. Items purchased on Dillards.com can be returned to the Internet Store location (address below) or to any Dillard's store (excluding Clearance Centers). Electronic items must be returned in the original packing material from the manufacturer. The return shipping address is:   Dillard's Direct   600 Carnahan Drive   Maumelle, AR 72113Please be aware that you will be responsible for return shipping charges. If you wish to print a Return Label, click Check Order Status at the bottom of any page to find your order information. For additional information, please refer to our Online Return Policy.Q. What if I need to return a gift purchased in a Dillard's store?A. If you are not near one of our stores, send an email to questions@dillards.com. Please include the location of the store where your gift was purchased if you have this information. Also, include a phone number where you can be reached. We will forward this information to the store where your gift was purchased so that they can contact you to assist with the exchange or return.OrdersQ. How can I check on my order?A. If you provide your email address when you place your order, we will automatically notify you when we receive your order. We will send updates as to the status of each item on your order, and notify you when your order ships. You can also check on the status of your order online. Click Check Order Status at the bottom of any page and enter your order number and billing phone number to view details of a specific order. To see a list of all orders placed, click Check Order Status and log in with your email address and password. You can also view purchase history via Payment History in the MY DILLARD's dropdown at the top of any page. You can click on a specific order to view details. If you have questions about your order, contact us or call 1-800-Dillards (1-800-345-5273). We provide a reference number on our status emails and online in Order Status that can be used to track your order once it has been shipped.Q. What if I need to cancel my order?A. We can cancel your order if we receive your request prior to shipping it. Once your order has shipped, it cannot be canceled, but it can be returned to us or to any Dillard's store location. To cancel an order, call 1-800-Dillards (1-800-345-5273) to speak with a customer service representative.Q. Do you offer Gift Wrap?A. Yes. Wedding Registry purchases are packaged in a complimentary gift box. For all other purchases, we will place each item you specify in a gift box for $6 per item.Q. What types of payment do you accept for online purchases?A. We accept the following payment types: Dillard's Credit Card, Dillard's American Express Card, Gift Card/eGift Card, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover. We can only accept one credit card type and number per order and only cards issued in the U.S.A. However, we do accept Gift Card(s) in combination with a Dillard's Credit Card.Q. How do I contact the Dillard's Call Center and what are their hours?A. Call 1-800-Dillards (1-800-345-5273). Dillard's Call Center hours are: Monday through Saturday 7AM to 12AM (CST), Sunday 9AM to 7PM (CST).Q. Do I have to pay tax on my order?A. We are required, by law, to charge sales tax if the state to which the order is being shipped has a state tax if we have a store location in that state. The charge to you is based on the sales tax for the state to which the order is being shipped.ShoppingQ. How do I place an order online?A. First, you will need to add the item you wish to purchase to your shopping cart and proceed to checkout. If you wish to purchase a registry gift, click Wedding and Baby Registry at the bottom of any page.Q. How do I create a Dillards.com account?A. You can create a Dillards.com account by clicking on any of the following links:Create An Account at the top of any pageLOGIN at the top of any pageDuring the checkout processQ. Are you required to have a Dillards.com account to purchase on your site?A. No, you do not. You can shop as frequently as you like as a "guest customer", but we hope that you will choose to create a Dillards.com account. The benefits include: Quick Checkout, Wish Lists, Managing eGift Cards and Purchase History / Order Tracking.Q. What if I forget my password or need to reset it?A. If you forget your password, you will need to reset it. To do this, click on the Forgot Your Password? link at any location where you log in.After clicking the link, proceed by entering your email address that is on file with Dillards.com and submit the form. Please submit the form only ONCE and wait for the password reset email to be sent to you.If you have not received the email after 15 minutes, please verify you entered your email address correctly and submit the form again. Note that if you do not have a Dillards.com account, one can be created by clicking Create An Account.Once you have received the reset password email, proceed by clicking the link in the email. If you have reset your password multiple times you MUST use the link in the most recent email.Once you are on the reset password page, enter a new, valid password. Valid passwords include: 8-16 characters, at least one lower case letter, at least one upper case letter and at least one number. Note that this page is intended for resetting your password and other page functions may not work normally.Please contact us if you are still having trouble resetting your password after completing these steps.Q. How do I change my Dillards.com account profile?A. You can do this any time by clicking LOGIN at the top of page. After you enter your login information, click My Personal Information and/or My Quick Checkout Profile from the MY DILLARD'S drop down menu.Dillard's Credit CardQ. How can I learn more about the Dillard's Credit Cards and Dillard's Rewards Program?A. To learn more about the Dillard's Credit Cards/Dillard's Rewards Program, please visit Dillards.com/Rewards.Dillard's Reward ProgramQ. What is the Dillard's Rewards Program?A. The Dillard's Rewards Program is a points-based program that allows you to choose either a 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass that is good for one day or a $10 Rewards Certificate each time you earn 1,500 Rewards Points.1Dillard's Credit Cardmembers and Dillard's American Express Cardmembers earn 2 Rewards Points for every dollar spent in net purchases at Dillard's.1 Dillard's American Express Cardmembers also earn 2 Rewards Points for every dollar spent in net purchases at qualifying U.S. gas stations and U.S. supermarkets,2 as well as 1 Rewards Point for every dollar spent in net purchases everywhere else American Express is accepted.1With a 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass, you can use the pass to save 10% on all Dillard's merchandise you purchase with your Dillard's Card on the day of your choice.1 With a $10 Rewards Certificate, you can take $10 off a Dillard's Card purchase.11,2See Dillard's Rewards Program Terms and Conditions for details.1Rewards Points are earned on net purchases (purchases minus returns and adjustments) only. Certain transactions do not earn Rewards Points. Shopping Passes and Rewards Certificates have some limitations and exclusions, which will be disclosed on the passes/certificates at the time of issuance. Purchases subject to available credit limit.2Two Rewards Points are earned per dollar spent on net purchases at: (1) U.S. retailers whose merchant code for American Express is classified as gas station and automated fuel dispensers (gas purchases at warehouse/membership clubs, grocery stores, car washes, auto repair stores, and superstores that sell gasoline may not earn two points); (2) at U.S. retailers whose merchant code for American Express is classified as U.S. supermarkets or grocery stores (purchases at superstores, convenience stores, and warehouse clubs are not coded as supermarkets). For all other purchases, one Rewards Point is earned per dollar spent in net purchases. Wells Fargo does not have the ability to control how a merchant is classified and therefore reserves the right to determine which purchases qualify for two Rewards Points. Certain transactions do not earn points.Q. How do I receive and redeem Dillard's Rewards Shopping Passes or Dillard's Rewards Certificates?A. Dillard's Cardmembers will receive a 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass or a $10 Rewards Certificate for every 1,500 Rewards Points earned.1 You may earn no more than four Rewards Certificates or one 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass issued per statement. There will be a maximum of 48 Rewards Certificates or 12 Rewards Shopping Passes issued per account, per calendar year. Rewards are issued within one to two billing cycles after the 1,500 points threshold is met and will be sent to you with your monthly billing statement.10% Off Rewards Shopping Passes are valid for 10% off a total day's purchases at Dillard's when you use your Dillard's Card.1 10% Off Rewards Shopping Passes must be presented at time of purchase to receive the offer and the discount will be taken at the time of the transaction. You may redeem your 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass only at Dillard's store locations, on Dillards.com purchases, by phone through Dillard's, or on purchases made through Dillard's catalogs. The 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass must be used by the expiration date shown on the 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass. You cannot redeem multiple 10% Off Rewards Shopping Passes on a single day. 10% Off Rewards Shopping Passes cannot be combined with any non-sale related promotional offer. 10% Off Rewards Shopping Passes cannot be used for prior purchases, credited to an account, redeemed for cash, used in conjunction with any other form of payment, or used for purchasing gift cards.With a $10 Rewards Certificate, you receive $10 off a Dillard's Card purchase at Dillard's.1 Rewards Certificates must be presented at the time of purchase for a transaction to receive the offer, and the discount will be taken at the time of the transaction. You may only redeem your Rewards Certificate at Dillard's store locations, on Dillards.com purchases, by phone through Dillard's, or on purchases made through Dillard's catalogs, and by the expiration date shown on the Rewards Certificate. You can redeem multiple Rewards Certificates on a single transaction. Rewards Certificates cannot be combined with any non-sale related promotional offer. Rewards Certificates cannot be used for prior purchases, credited to an account, redeemed for cash, used in conjunction with any other form of payment, or used for purchasing gift cards. The value of the purchase must be equal to, or greater than, the value of the Rewards Certificate. If the value of a purchase is less than the value of the Rewards Certificate, any remaining unused value will be forfeited.1 Rewards Points are earned on net purchases (purchases minus returns and adjustments) only. Certain transactions do not earn Rewards Points. Shopping Passes and Rewards Certificates have some limitations and exclusions, which will be disclosed on the passes/certificates at the time of issuance. Purchases subject to available credit limit. See Dillard's Rewards Program Terms and Conditions for details.Q. How do I reach Elite Member status? What are the benefits of being an Elite Cardmember?A. Shop your way to Elite Member status and maintain that status by charging $2,000 or more each calendar year1 on your Dillard's Credit Card or Dillard's American Express Card.Dillard's Elite Cardmembers are entitled to a number of benefits: Free Standard shipping for purchases on Dillards.com and gift wrapping benefits (up to $16.95 for each service)2 Monthly bonus Rewards Point offers3Invitations to private shopping eventsDedicated customer service phone number1 To achieve and maintain Elite status, you must charge $2,000 or more in net purchases (purchases minus returns and adjustments) on your Dillard's Card each calendar year. You must also keep your account open and be no more than two consecutive payments past due. The Elite benefits listed are for the current year and are subject to change in subsequent years. See the Dillard's Rewards Program Terms and Conditions for details.2 Standard shipping (on Dillards.com purchases) and gift wrapping (on Dillard's in-store and Dillards.com purchases) benefits are available on each transaction.3 Any such promotion(s) or offer(s) may have specific terms and conditions that will be disclosed at the time of the promotion or offer.Gift CardsQ. Do you have Gift Cards?A. Gift Cards are for sale on Dillards.com as well as in all of our store locations. Our online Gift Card selection can be accessed by clicking Gift Cards at the bottom of any page. You can also click on Store Locator and Events at the bottom of any page to find the store nearest you. Gift Cards are available online in amounts from $10 to $1000.Q. Where can I use my Gift Card?A. You can use your Gift Card for purchases in any of our stores or on Dillards.com. You cannot use a Gift Card to purchase a Gift Card or eGift Card.Q. How can I find out the balance on my Gift Card?A. You can click here to check your balance online, call 1-800-Dillards (1-800-345-5273), or ask any store associate for assistance.Q. How can I report a Gift Card lost or stolen?A. You can call 1-800-Dillards (1-800-345-5273) or contact any Dillard's store to report a lost or stolen Gift Card. In either case, you must have the Gift Card number.eGift CardsQ. Do you sell Electronic Gift Cards?A. Yes and they are available for sale on Dillards.com. Our eGift Card selection can be accessed by clicking Gift Cards at the bottom of any page. eGift cards are available in amounts from $10 to $250. eGift Cards will be emailed within 24-48 hours and are subject to credit approval/authorization.Q. Where can eGift Cards be used?A. You can use your eGift Card on Dillards.com at checkout or print it and use it for purchases in any of our stores. The card must be activated before using it. You cannot use an eGift Card to purchase an eGift Card or Gift Card.Q. How do I activate an eGift Card I receive?A. After receiving the email announcing your eGift Card:Click the Activate button in the email.If you have a Dillards.com account, enter your personal information and log in.If you do not have an account, click Create an Account and enter your personal information.You must have a Dillards.com account to redeem an eGift Card. eGift Card funds will automatically apply to your account once you log in to your Dillards.com account. You can see your eGift Cards by clicking Manage eGift Cards from the MY DILLARD'S dropdown menu.Q. When I use an eGift Card to make a purchase, and then return that purchase, why is my balance put on a traditional gift card rather than my eGift card?A. Company policy is that the value of the returning eGift Card purchases must always be placed on traditional gift cards.Q. What is the PIN used for that is located on the printed version of my eGift Card?A. The PIN on your printed eGift Card will only be necessary if someone other than yourself uses the gift card to make a purchase online.Q. How can I find out the balance of my eGift Card?A. You can click here to check your balance online, call 1-800-Dillards (1-800-345-5273) or an associate at any store can give you that information.Store LocationQ. How do I find the Dillard's store closest to me?A. Click Store Locator and Events at the bottom of any page. Click a state to find stores closest to you.Our CompanyQ. Is Dillard's affiliated with any other retail companies?A. We are not affiliated with any other retailers and all of our 300 plus store locations do business as Dillard's. We have acquired several other retail chains over the years, but all of them are now Dillard's stores.Q. What is Dillard's Stock Symbol?A. Dillard's stock is traded over the New York Stock Exchange. The ticker symbol is DDS.Q. What is the address and phone number of the corporate office?A. Our corporate offices are located in Little Rock, Arkansas.Corporate Headquarters Address:  1600 Cantrell Road  Little Rock, AR 72201Mailing Address:   Post Office Box 486   Little Rock, AR 72203Phone Number:   (501)376-5200Q. What if I have a question or need information?A. If you have a question or need information not included in our Frequently Asked Questions, you can email us at questions@dillards.com. We try to answer all inquiries within 24 hours.Career OpportunitiesQ. How can I find out about Career Opportunities with Dillard's?A. Dillard's Stores, Distribution Centers, Buying Offices, and the Corporate Headquarters post their job openings on the Dillard's Career web site (careers.dillards.com). You can click on Dillard's Careers at the bottom of any page to view our openings or visit any store and complete an application. You must be at least 18 years of age to apply. We are an EEOC employer.CatalogsQ. What categories are featured in your catalogs?A. Catalog categories consist of Women, Juniors, Shoes, Handbags, Accessories, Lingerie, Beauty, Men, Children, and Home. We do not publish Furniture catalogs. Our furniture is featured in newspaper inserts. Catalogs are published seasonally.Q. What if I am allergic to fragrance strips in catalogs and statement enclosures?A. Send an email to questions@dillards.com letting us know that you do not wish to receive the fragrance strips. Our Marketing Department will remove them for you.eReceiptsQ. Can I see my receipts electronically without getting them sent by email?A. If you are a registered shopper on Dillards.com, you can click MY DILLARD'S at the top of any page (while logged in), and then click My Purchase History. Recent purchases displays Web Orders (pending and completed) and Store Orders (made at a Dillard's store). Click on the transaction number to see a copy of the receipt.AlterationsQ. Does Dillards.com offer alterations?A. Dillards.com does not offer alterations. However, all stores offer alteration services - just ask any associate in tailored clothing for details.Q. What type of alterations are available in stores?A. Dillards's offers free alterations on full priced tailored items and unfinished pant bottoms. There is a fee required for all tailored items that are on sale and anything ready-to-wear. Ready-to-wear is limited to the following: coats - sleeves; pant bottoms - plain/cuff; and skirts/dresses - hem, sleeves and straps. For more information regarding our alteration services, contact your nearest store.Registry Frequently Asked QuestionsQ. Why register with Dillard’s?A. It's a great gift to give your wedding guests! It eliminates the guesswork and worry for the ones you love. It assures your family and friends they are giving you a gift you'll cherish.Q. What items should we include on our registry?A. Register for items that you want and need based on your lifestyle. Think about adding items that you will use not just now, but years from now. Use our wedding registry checklist to make sure you have checked off all the essentials.Q. Is it best to stay within a particular price range for requested items?A. Register for items in every price range. The budgets of your guests will vary and you want everyone to have multiple options. Don’t forget to register for a few items you can receive from a group.Q. If we register online, can we update our registry in store?A. Yes, just let an associate in the home department know you would like to update your registry.Q. If we registered in store, can we update online?A. Yes! You can add and delete items on your registry on Dillards.com by logging in to your registry. If you need help logging in, please contact 1-800-345-5273.Q. How long will our registry be available?A. Your registry will be available for 18 months after your event date. Please be sure to update your mailing/shipping address if there are any changes during this time.Q. Do you have a Registry Completion program?A. Yes! Our completion program allows you to purchase most of the remaining items on your registry at 20% off the regular everyday low price. Offer available in store only, contact a store associate for details.Q. What about Shipping & Delivery?A. Every registry must have a delivery friendly address within the United States. Extra shipping charges apply on gifts sent to Alaska, Hawaii, and U.S. Territories. Please update your shipping address before and after your events so gifts will be delivered right where you want them. Dillard's uses UPS and FedEx, determined by the service offered in your 'ship-to' area and the method of delivery (standard or expedited) the customer selects.Many dinnerware and stemware patterns are stocked in our Distribution Center. After the order is processed, on hand items should be delivered within 7 to 10 working days while other items will be ordered from the manufacturer. Your registry will indicate items that will be ordered from the manufacturer.Keep in mind that many of the fine products you register for are handmade and can take from 12 to 16 weeks to receive. Many of the specialty items are only made once or twice a year. You will receive a gift announcement card in the mail with shipping status when manufacturer ordered items have been purchased for you.Guests may order multiple items that we "split" and ship separately from different locations with part of the merchandise to follow at a later date. Save the paperwork that comes with your deliveries and check it against your Gift Announcement cards or emails. Your saved paperwork will help us answer any questions you might have.Q. What is Dillard’s Exchange Policy?A. After your wedding day contact a Dillard's store within 30 days to make exchanges. It's a good idea to make an appointment so we can provide you with the best possible service. When you arrive, let us know if you need assistance with heavy or multiple items.Dillard's does NOT refund cash for registry returns. It is our policy to refund cash ONLY if the customer has a Dillard's cash receipt. If you have a store credit left after your exchanges, we will issue the amount on a Dillard's Gift Card for you to use to purchase merchandise in any Dillard's store or online. A Registry Gift Card cannot be used as a payment or applied to your Dillard's account or any other charge account.Proof of purchase or POP labels accompany every item sold to help us track sales, returns and exchanges. Items purchased in store have the yellow label physically attached. Items sent from our distribution centers have the POP information on the packing insert. Leave the POP label on or with the item until you complete all exchanges. Identification may be required to facilitate some exchanges.If you have any questions or need assistance with a damaged item call 1-800-345-5273. Please keep any shipping and packing information to help with replacements.Q. Where can I find my Gift Purchase History?A. Your Gift Purchase History is located in your Online Management Center. It includes a list of the items purchased through your registry, the date of purchase, and in most cases the name of the purchaser. Use your Gift Purchase History to manage those all-important Thank You notes Viewing is completely optional. Purchased items are updated to this list daily. You may prefer to access your Gift Purchase History only after all gifts are opened.Q. Do I have to add gift cards to my registry?A. It's not necessary to add gift cards to your registry; we've done it for you!Q. Do I need a Dillards.com account for my registry?A. A Dillards.com account must be created before creating or managing your registry.International Sales FAQDillard's offers international shopping through our partnership with global e-commerce provider Borderfree. By placing an international order, you acknowledge that your financial transaction and shipment will be processed by Borderfree. Your customer service needs will be handled directly by Dillard's.Borderfree allows local currency prices to be visible throughout Dillards.com and displays your final total (including customs tariffs, taxes and shipping fees) during checkout. Borderfree also enables Dillard's to take advantage of a shipping network that delivers packages quickly and reliably to global customersProduct RecallsYou can visit the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) at www.cpsc.gov  for more information on recalls. Swagway X1 Hands-Free Self-Balancing Scooter Recall Cuisinart Food Processors  Calphalon Contemporary Cutlery Payment MethodsWe accept Visa, MasterCard, Paypal and American Express for international orders. Your credit card will be billed by Borderfree when your package is shipped to its final international destination. 'Dillards inc' will appear on your credit card statement.Shipping Options & ChargesInternational shipping costs are calculated based on a number of factors, including the chosen service level (Standard/Express), the number of purchased items, the weight of the items and the destination country postal code. During checkout, international shipping costs will be calculated and guaranteed by Borderfree based on the items you are purchasing and your shipping destination.International customers may ship to multiple addresses by placing a separate order for each shipping address. We cannot ship single international orders to multiple addresses at this time.Shipping TimelineMost in-stock items will arrive 6 -16 business days after receipt of your order. A shipping timeline specific to your destination can be viewed in checkout.Please note items purchased on January 1st may be delayed. Shipping windows are estimates and delivery dates cannot be guaranteed.Certain items in our catalog may be unavailable for international shippingSome items, including hazardous materials, furs and exotic leathers, may not be available for international shipment. Beauty items may be considered hazardous materials due to their alcohol content.How to OrderSelect the International Country Flag at the bottom of any page and choose your shipping destination and preferred currency. All Dillard's prices will automatically be converted into your chosen currency.Shop Dillards.com as you normally would. When you proceed to checkout, your secure transaction will be completed with Borderfree. Borderfree will calculate and display a guaranteed order total, including all shipping costs and any applicable duties and taxes.Once your transaction is complete, Dillard's will ship your item to the Borderfree shipping hub in the United States. Borderfree then ships your order to its final, international destination.You may ship to a specific country but pay with a different country's currency. If you don't see your country listed, we are not currently able to ship to that destination.If you are shipping to a U.S. or an APO/FPO address, simply proceed through the domestic site.I live in the U.S. Can I use Borderfree to ship an order internationally but pay in U.S. Dollars (USD)?Yes, Borderfree supports international gift giving. You will receive a guaranteed order total for your internationally shipped items, but pay in USD using a U.S. credit card. This also works if you're an American traveling or living abroad.I live in the U.S. Can I use Borderfree to ship an order internationally but pay in U.S. Dollars (USD)?Yes, Borderfree supports international gift giving. You will receive a guaranteed order total for your internationally shipped items, but pay in USD using a U.S. credit card. This also works if you're an American traveling or living abroad.How much does international shipping cost?International shipping is calculated based on a number of factors including the desired shipping speed, the number of items you are purchasing, the weight of the items and the destination country. International shipping will be calculated and guaranteed during the Borderfree global checkout based on the items you are purchasing and your shipping destination.How can I track my international order?You can track the progress of your international package(s) here: Track International Orders.Who should I contact if I have questions relating to my order after I have made a purchase?Please contact us at internationalsales@dillards.com or 817-831-5482 and Dillard's will gladly assist you with any questions related to your international order. Dillard's Call Center Hours are: Monday through Saturday 7AM to 12AM (GMT-6), Sunday 9AM to 7PM (GMT-6).How much duty and taxes are charged on international orders?Duty (or customs tariffs) is set by the destination country customs authorities and is determined based on a combination of the country of origin (manufacturing) of the goods being purchased and the classification of that merchandise in accordance with a harmonized system adopted and used by the countries that Borderfree supports. Value Added Tax (VAT) rates are set by the destination country. You will be able to view the guaranteed total amount of applicable duty and tax/VAT for your order within the Borderfree global checkout.Can I purchase or redeem international gift cards?Unfortunately, we do not currently support the sale of gift cards to international customers or the redemption of gift cards for internationally shipped orders.What is your return policy for international orders?If for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, please contact us at internationalsales@dillards.com or 817-831-5482, and we will provide you with further instructions on where returns should be shipped and the amount you will be refunded. Refund amounts for returned items will be credited to you by our partner Borderfree in the same currency and using the same exchange rate as your original order.Returns must be made within 45 days of purchase. Unfortunately, items purchased for international shipping may not be exchanged.Company Notices & Terms of UseCalifornia Transparency in Supply Chains ActCalifornia Transparency in Supply Chain Act Statement 2010The following describes Dillard's efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from its direct supply chains. Among other measures, Dillard's:Engages in verification of product supply chains for products imported by Dillard's to evaluate and address risks of human trafficking and slavery. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details. Dillard's utilizes third party inspectors to ensure compliance with Dillard's Social Accountability Policy.Conducts audits of suppliers of products imported by Dillard's to evaluate supplier compliance with company standards for trafficking and slavery in supply chains. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details.Requires direct suppliers to certify that materials incorporated into the product comply with the laws regarding slavery and human trafficking of the country or countries in which they are doing business. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy which is applicable to import vendors. Dillard's requires all vendors, pursuant to its purchase order terms, to warrant, represent and agree that all merchandise shipped to Dillard's was manufactured and produced in full compliance with any applicable current, or later adopted, laws of the country of manufacturer governing the use of child labor, illegal forced labor, illegal prison labor or similar illegal working conditions, as well as any other applicable human rights statutes, regulations and laws.Maintains internal accountability standards and procedures for employees or contractors failing to meet company standards regarding slavery and human trafficking for imported products. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details.Provides company employees and management, who have direct responsibility for import supply chain management, training on human trafficking and slavery, risks within the supply chains of products. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details.Copyright NoticeThe entire contents of this site are the sole and exclusive property of Dillard's, Inc. and are subject to United States and worldwide laws and treaties restricting the copy, distribution, publishing and transmission of same. No portion of this site may be copied, distributed, published or transmitted without the express written consent of Dillard's, Inc. Users of this site may download and print materials from this site for personal, non-commercial use related to placement of an order or shopping with Dillard's, provided that any such copy must contain this notice.All of this web site's content and supporting code are copyrighted by or licensed to Dillard's, Inc. and all rights are reserved. All content copies, either electronic or printed, are for personal use only. The content and supporting code contained herein may not be used in any other manner unless express written permission is obtained in advance.Dillards.com Privacy PolicyDillard's understands that online and mobile privacy is very important to you. We have adopted this Privacy Policy as part of our commitment to your privacy. The terms "we", "us", and "our" refer to Dillard's Inc. and its affiliated companies.This Privacy Policy applies to information we obtain via Dillards.com (referred to hereafter as the Site). Please note that the Privacy Policy applies only to your interactions with us through the Site. It does not apply to interactions through our retail stores, or to your use of a Dillard's Card. A separate Privacy Notice, administered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., pertains to your Dillard's Credit Card and Dillard's American Express® Card. For that Privacy Notice, click here. When you use your Dillard's Credit Card or Dillard's American Express® Card on the Site, this Privacy Notice fully applies to your usage of the Site. Additionally, when using the Site you may submit product reviews. We currently use a company called PowerReviews for product reviews. Your submission of reviews is governed by a separate privacy policy maintained by PowerReviews. A link to that policy is provided on the screen from which you submit your review, but you can also review it here. Also, if you click the Dillard's Careers link on the bottom of any Dillards.com page to search for Dillard's jobs, you will be directed to job listings on the Dillard's Career web site (careers.dillards.com). Your submission of information and the collection of information from you through the use of the Dillard's Career web site is governed by the privacy policy of Dillards.com.1. What information We ObtainWhen you use the Site, we may obtain personally identifiable information from you which you give us -- such as your name, physical address, email address, telephone number, account number - as well as any information you may submit through product reviews, the Feedback function, or email. We may also collect personally identifiable information about you from third parties, such as demographic or marketing firms to improve our marketing efforts, or fraud prevention companies. Additionally, when you use the Site, we obtain information automatically, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address and other information about the device you are using to access the Site, including browser information, Internet Service Provider (ISP), operating system, and your location.2. How We Use Information We ObtainWe use the information we obtain from your use of the Site to conduct our business and to market products and services to you. If you order from the Site, we may send you emails and notices about your order and about other merchandise and services that we think may be of interest to you. We may also share information we obtain with other members of the Dillard's corporate family. We do not sell or rent the information we obtain. If you want to opt out of getting promotional emails from Dillard's, see Section 5 below. We also use the information we obtain for other business purposes, such as payment processing, analytics, fraud prevention, and legal compliance.3. How We Share Information We ObtainWe may disclose the information we obtain with service providers that perform marketing, promotional and other services for us. Service providers who perform marketing services on our behalf are required by us to use personally identifiable information we share only to help us to provide you with products and services from Dillard's. We may also provide information to carefully selected outside companies for the purpose of jointly marketing a product or service to you. We may share information about aggregate shopping histories and demographics with consultants and others for purposes such as analyzing sales, website performance, retail trends and marketing, but such information does not identify you or any other individual.We also share information with other companies which provide us with services we use to conduct our business operations, including product recommendations and fraud prevention. We may also share information when we believe that it is required by law or necessary to operate our business (e.g., to our attorneys, auditors, or accountants), to protect your rights, to protect our rights, or to protect the rights of others. We may also disclose the information we obtain to any company which may in the future acquire Dillard's or a portion of its business.4. How We Use Cookies and Similar TechnologyA "cookie" is a small data file stored by your web browser on your device. It allows the Site to recognize your device upon entering the Site. We use cookies to keep track of when you return to the Site, to identify the pages you click on during your visit to the Site, and the name of the site you visited immediately before visiting the Site. We use information obtained via cookies to improve and secure the Site, including improving our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions; to prevent fraud; and to provide you with product recommendations. Such recommendations may be presented to you on other sites you visit, including social network sites such as Facebook. You can disable and delete cookies through your web browser. However, you will not be able to make purchases on the Site if you disable cookies.We use Google Analytics to compile information collected via cookies in a manner which is helpful to us in analyzing visitors' use of the Site. Google Analytics also uses this information to place advertisements for our products on other sites that you visit after your use of the Site. These advertisements may be based upon the pages you visited during your use of the Site. You may opt out of Google Analytics' use of your browsing history information in this manner at any time by visiting Google's Ad Preferences Manager You may also choose to install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on, which if installed will prevent Google Analytics from using information obtained from your use of the Site.For payment fraud prevention purposes, we use a technology called "Flash Cookies." A Flash Cookie is a data file placed on your device using Adobe Flash technology that may be installed on your computer or downloaded by you to your computer. Flash cookies are not deleted from your browser when you delete cookies through your browser's delete cookies function, and are not disabled by disabling cookies through your browser's disable cookies function. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash Cookies, click here. Additionally, for payment fraud prevention purposes we use a technology called HTML5 local storage technology. HTML 5 web storage is similar to a cookie in that it stores data on your device's web browser for collection of information. HTML5 local storage on your device may not in all cases be deleted or disabled by deleting or disabling cookies through your browser's delete and disable cookies functions.5. How You Can Opt Out of Promotional EmailsYou may access and update your Personal Information and your preferences about receiving promotional emails from Dillard's at any time. To do that:For Desktop Users on Dillards.com:Click "Login" at the top of the web pageEnter Email Address, Password, and Security code, then click Login Click My Personal InformationUncheck the box for "Send me emails about store specials." Please allow up to ten days for us to process your request.For Mobile/Tablet Users on Dillards.com:Select "Login"Enter Email Address, Password, and Security code, then select Login Select My Personal InformationUncheck the box for "Send me emails about store specials"Select "Submit"If you "opt out" of receiving promotional emails from us, the only emails you will receive will be (I) about transactions that you initiate (such as to confirm orders you submit on the Site, inform you about your order status, respond to your customer service inquiries and answer any other questions you send us); (II) about matters affecting your Personal Information; and (III) in connection with certain services or promotions for which you have registered, such as our gift registry program.6. Miscellaneous InformationChanges to this Privacy Policy: We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy, and to apply any changes to previously collected personal information. We urge you to periodically check this Privacy Policy for any changes. The last revised date will change when we make revisions to the policy. All changes will be effective upon posting or as otherwise stated in the revision. If you cannot accept the terms of the Privacy Policy, as posted, please do not use the Site.Do Not Track Header: Some web browsers and devices permit you to broadcast a preference that you not be "tracked" online. At this time we do not modify your experience based upon whether such a signal is broadcast. Data Security: Security of your information is very important to us, and we follow reasonable procedures to protect the information in our possession. However, no security system is perfect, and we accordingly cannot guarantee that a security breach will not occur.Governing Law, Dispute Jurisdiction: The laws of the State of Arkansas, excluding its choice of law principles, govern all matters arising from or related to the Site, including your access and use, and any Internet transaction between you and us.Links: Our Site may have links to third party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other web sites. You should review their privacy policies.Children's Privacy: We do not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age through the Site without prior verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to us through the Site for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent, we will delete his or her information from our files. Although we permit users to post reviews concerning our products, we do not encourage users to include their full name when posting reviews. If you are under 18, have included your name in a review, and would like Dillard's to remove your name you can contact us at the email address, telephone number, or mailing address below with your request. Please note that even when we remove your name, the removal may not remove the remainder of your post or remove your name from all copies of the post.Questions?If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy please contact us at: &nbsp Dillard's, Inc. &nbsp Attn: Legal Dept. &nbsp 1600 Cantrell Road &nbsp Little Rock, AR 72201 &nbsp 1-800-643-8274 &nbsp Or email us at: questions@dillards.comLast Revised: April 16, 2015.In-Store Return PolicyWe trust you will be satisfied with your Dillard's purchase. However, should you decide the merchandise is not satisfactory, Dillard's return policy is set forth below.Dillard's will issue a refund in the form and amount of the original tender paid (including sales tax) or Dillard's will issue a Merchandise Credit at the customer's choice, when each of the following conditions has been met: 1. Merchandise will be accepted for return for thirty (30) calendar days from the date of purchase, except as otherwise stated on the face of the receipt or at point of sale; and 2. The merchandise must be in its original, unused condition unless there is a manufacturer's defect; and 3. The merchandise must be accompanied by either the original Dillard's Receipt or the original Dillard's Proof of Purchase Label. Dillard's does not give Price Adjustments. Refunds for check purchases will have a ten (10) day waiting period before a cash or check refund is issued.Legal Notices - Terms of UseThis web site is owned and operated by Dillard's, Inc at www.dillards.com.The material contained within this web site is periodically checked for accuracy and is presented without any warranties, either expressed or implied. Dillard's Inc. and its subsidiaries will assume no, and hereby disclaims any, responsibility for any errors or omissions of this web site's content. Dillard's shall not be responsible for any damages incurred as a result of the content or use of this web site.By using the material at this web site, all users agree to all terms and conditions contained in this web site, which are subject to change without notice, as well as all applicable laws, and do so at their own risk. All changes to this legal notice will be posted to this web site in a timely manner.Occasionally, orders for an item exceeding our supply are received. If we are unable to fulfill your order, you will be notified and your credit card will not be charged.Materials contained within this web site are intended for U.S. residents. Any deliveries requested for addresses outside the U.S. are subject to refusal by Dillard's, Inc.Any link between Dillards.com and any other web site does not constitute an endorsement of the linked site. Dillard's, Inc. does not make and hereby disclaims any warranty as to the content of any other web site linked to Dillards.com. Exercise caution when communicating or interacting with any web site.Any questions regarding these legal notices may be directed to: &nbsp Dillard's Inc. &nbsp Legal Dept. &nbsp 1600 Cantrell Road &nbsp Little Rock, AR 72201Limitation of LiabilityThis website and all information contained herein are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, express or implied. Dillard's shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or relating to the use by any person of this site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, including damages to hardware or software resulting from use of this site.Online Return PolicyWe trust you will be satisfied with your Dillard's purchase. However, should you decide the merchandise is not satisfactory, Dillard's online return policy is stated below.The merchandise may be mailed back to us, or returned to any Dillard's location. Please leave all merchandise tags attached. Also, please note that if you choose to mail the merchandise back, you will be responsible for the shipping fees. We recommend that you insure the package and ship via a traceable method. Dillard's offers a Fed Ex return label you can print from your computer and attach to the return package. No refunds are given on shipping and handling charges. Personalized items and clearance items marked down 65% or more cannot be returned.Address package to: &nbsp Dillard's &nbsp 600 Carnahan Drive &nbsp Maumelle, AR 72113Dillard's will issue a refund in the form and amount of the original tender paid (including sales tax) or Dillard's will issue a Gift Card, at the customer's choice, when each of the following conditions has been met: 1. The merchandise must be returned within thirty (30) calendar days from the date of purchase, except as otherwise stated on the face of the packing slip or on the item's product page; and 2. The merchandise must be in its original, unused condition unless there is a manufacturer's defect; and 3. The merchandise must be accompanied by either the original Dillard's Receipt or the original Dillard's Proof of Purchase Label. (Proof of Purchase information is included on the packing slip for all Dillard's Direct orders.)If the merchandise being returned was purchased using a credit card and we credit your account, the credit will show on the statement you receive after the issuing bank applies the credit.If you exchange merchandise, your account will be credited for the return and a sale rung for the new merchandise.If the merchandise being returned was purchased using a Gift Card, that card will be credited if there is a balance on it. If the balance on the card is $0.00 a new Gift Card will be issued for the return amount and mailed to you.Pricing PolicyDillard's is committed to offering quality merchandise at fair, competitive prices. In most cases, the Internet prices will reflect store prices. However, there may be some exceptions. Internet sale prices expire at midnight Central time on the date displayed for the item. Prices and sales are subject to change without notice.Dillard's does not make price adjustments.Merchandise available through Dillards.com may not be available in all our stores.Shipping PolicyOur service providers are FedEx and USPS. The carrier is determined by the service available for your ship to location and the method of delivery (Standard, Expedited or Next Day) you select. Delivery times do not include processing time. Processing time for in stock items is approximately two (2) business days.If the item is not in stock, you will receive an email to notify you. When your order ships, you will receive an email that includes the name of the carrier and a tracking number. You will also receive an email when your purchase has been delivered.Standard delivery time is two (2) to five (5) business days after shipping. Orders requesting Expedited service or Next Day service, and ordered prior to 12:00 pm central time, are shipped the same day (Monday through Friday). Expedited or Next Day orders placed on Friday after 12:00 pm central time, Saturday, Sunday or a Holiday will be shipped the following business day. You can expect delivery in two (2) business days for Expedited service and one (1) business day for Next Day service after shipping.Additional charges will be applied to merchandise shipped to Alaska, Hawaii, and U.S. Territories.Please allow two (2) to eight (8) weeks for delivery to APO/FPO addresses. However, due to restrictions at APO/FPO postal facilities, we are unable to ship oversized and/or heavy items to APO/FPO addresses. Expedited shipping and Next Day shipping are not available for P.O. Box, APO/FPO addresses, Alaska, Hawaii, or U.S.Territories.Shipping charges are calculated for each address and are based on the order amount being shipped to that address.The following charges will apply to your order:Shipping ChargesORDER AMOUNTSTANDARDEXPEDITEDNEXT DAYUp to $149.99 $8.50 $18.50$28.50$150.00 and Up$11.95$21.95$31.95Items, including certain electronics that are very large or fragile may include an additional shipping charge. Items in a multi-item order may be shipped separately and from different locations.Gift Cards are shipped U.S. Mail at no charge for Standard delivery. There is an $8.50 charge for Expedited delivery and an $18.50 charge for Next Day delivery.Dillard's does not ship fragrances, aerosols, and alcohol based products via Expedited delivery, Next Day delivery or to P.O. boxes, military facilities or outside the continental United States. Please select Standard delivery for the shipment of these items.Our transit map gives the average number of business days required for delivery after shipment.Submission of Information to Dillard'sDillard's shall have a permanent, irrevocable license to modify, retransmit, license, distribute, sell or otherwise use in any manner any and all information, including suggestions and ideas, submitted to Dillard's through use of this site, without any obligation to compensate or further notify the person submitting the information of such use.Any person submitting, posting or displaying any data, text, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags and/or other materials ("Content"), in any media, to Dillard's, whether publicly or privately transmitted, represents, warrants and agree that she is the sole owner of such Content and has the lawful right to submit same for use by Dillard's. Further, any person submitting Content grants to Dillard's a permanent, irrevocable license to modify, retransmit, license, distribute, sell or otherwise use in any manner any and all Content submitted without any obligation to compensate or further notify the person submitting the Content of such use.Tax InformationTax Information Dillard's Inc. operates in 29 states throughout the U.S. Current law requires us to collect all state taxes that are applicable, based on the order's "ship to" address. Be advised that some states require a tax on the delivery and/or gift wrap charges, as well. All applicable taxes will be clearly displayed on your order at order completion time.NOTE: Tax rates are subject to change at any time.ALL VERMONT PURCHASERSThis is to notify Vermont purchasers that sales or use tax may be due on any nonexempt purchases made through Dillard’s, and that the State of Vermont requires the purchaser to pay any sales or use tax due on his or her tax return.ALL PUERTO RICO PURCHASERSThis is to notify Puerto Rico purchasers that any purchase made through Dillard’s may be subject to sales or use tax in Puerto Rico, and that purchasers should file an Import Declaration and Tax on Imports Monthly Return, and pay any sales or use tax that may be due.ALL SOUTH DAKOTA PURCHASERSThis is to notify South Dakota purchasers that Dillard’s is not required to and does not collect South Dakota sales or use tax on any purchase made through Dillard’s. The purchase is subject to state use tax unless it is specifically exempt from taxation. The purchase is not exempt merely because the purchase is made over the Internet, by catalog, or by other remote means. The state requires each South Dakota purchaser to report and pay tax on any purchase that was not taxed. The tax may be reported and paid on the South Dakota use tax form. The use tax form and corresponding instructions are available on the South Dakota Department of Revenue and Regulation website.The Children's Online Privacy Protection ActThe Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) protects the online privacy and personal information of children under 13 years of age. In compliance with this act, Dillard's does not promote online to children, and does not intentionally collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13. Children under the age of 13 must be signed up by their parents and use their parents email address in order to receive email updates.The Dillard's American Express® Card is issued and administered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.This credit card program is issued and administered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., pursuant to a license from American Express. American Express is a federally registered service mark of American Express.Policies & NoticesCalifornia Transparency in Supply Chains ActCalifornia Transparency in Supply Chain Act Statement 2010The following describes Dillard's efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from its direct supply chains. Among other measures, Dillard's:Engages in verification of product supply chains for products imported by Dillard's to evaluate and address risks of human trafficking and slavery. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details. Dillard's utilizes third party inspectors to ensure compliance with Dillard's Social Accountability Policy.Conducts audits of suppliers of products imported by Dillard's to evaluate supplier compliance with company standards for trafficking and slavery in supply chains. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details.Requires direct suppliers to certify that materials incorporated into the product comply with the laws regarding slavery and human trafficking of the country or countries in which they are doing business. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy which is applicable to import vendors. Dillard's requires all vendors, pursuant to its purchase order terms, to warrant, represent and agree that all merchandise shipped to Dillard's was manufactured and produced in full compliance with any applicable current, or later adopted, laws of the country of manufacturer governing the use of child labor, illegal forced labor, illegal prison labor or similar illegal working conditions, as well as any other applicable human rights statutes, regulations and laws.Maintains internal accountability standards and procedures for employees or contractors failing to meet company standards regarding slavery and human trafficking for imported products. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details.Provides company employees and management, who have direct responsibility for import supply chain management, training on human trafficking and slavery, risks within the supply chains of products. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details.Copyright NoticeThe entire contents of this site are the sole and exclusive property of Dillard's, Inc. and are subject to United States and worldwide laws and treaties restricting the copy, distribution, publishing and transmission of same. No portion of this site may be copied, distributed, published or transmitted without the express written consent of Dillard's, Inc. Users of this site may download and print materials from this site for personal, non-commercial use related to placement of an order or shopping with Dillard's, provided that any such copy must contain this notice.All of this web site's content and supporting code are copyrighted by or licensed to Dillard's, Inc. and all rights are reserved. All content copies, either electronic or printed, are for personal use only. The content and supporting code contained herein may not be used in any other manner unless express written permission is obtained in advance.Dillards.com Privacy PolicyDillard's understands that online and mobile privacy is very important to you. We have adopted this Privacy Policy as part of our commitment to your privacy. The terms "we", "us", and "our" refer to Dillard's Inc. and its affiliated companies.This Privacy Policy applies to information we obtain via Dillards.com (referred to hereafter as the Site). Please note that the Privacy Policy applies only to your interactions with us through the Site. It does not apply to interactions through our retail stores, or to your use of a Dillard's Card. A separate Privacy Notice, administered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., pertains to your Dillard's Credit Card and Dillard's American Express® Card. For that Privacy Notice, click here. When you use your Dillard's Credit Card or Dillard's American Express® Card on the Site, this Privacy Notice fully applies to your usage of the Site. Additionally, when using the Site you may submit product reviews. We currently use a company called PowerReviews for product reviews. Your submission of reviews is governed by a separate privacy policy maintained by PowerReviews. A link to that policy is provided on the screen from which you submit your review, but you can also review it here. Also, if you click the Dillard's Careers link on the bottom of any Dillards.com page to search for Dillard's jobs, you will be directed to job listings on the Dillard's Career web site (careers.dillards.com). Your submission of information and the collection of information from you through the use of the Dillard's Career web site is governed by the privacy policy of Dillards.com.1. What information We ObtainWhen you use the Site, we may obtain personally identifiable information from you which you give us -- such as your name, physical address, email address, telephone number, account number - as well as any information you may submit through product reviews, the Feedback function, or email. We may also collect personally identifiable information about you from third parties, such as demographic or marketing firms to improve our marketing efforts, or fraud prevention companies. Additionally, when you use the Site, we obtain information automatically, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address and other information about the device you are using to access the Site, including browser information, Internet Service Provider (ISP), operating system, and your location.2. How We Use Information We ObtainWe use the information we obtain from your use of the Site to conduct our business and to market products and services to you. If you order from the Site, we may send you emails and notices about your order and about other merchandise and services that we think may be of interest to you. We may also share information we obtain with other members of the Dillard's corporate family. We do not sell or rent the information we obtain. If you want to opt out of getting promotional emails from Dillard's, see Section 5 below. We also use the information we obtain for other business purposes, such as payment processing, analytics, fraud prevention, and legal compliance.3. How We Share Information We ObtainWe may disclose the information we obtain with service providers that perform marketing, promotional and other services for us. Service providers who perform marketing services on our behalf are required by us to use personally identifiable information we share only to help us to provide you with products and services from Dillard's. We may also provide information to carefully selected outside companies for the purpose of jointly marketing a product or service to you. We may share information about aggregate shopping histories and demographics with consultants and others for purposes such as analyzing sales, website performance, retail trends and marketing, but such information does not identify you or any other individual.We also share information with other companies which provide us with services we use to conduct our business operations, including product recommendations and fraud prevention. We may also share information when we believe that it is required by law or necessary to operate our business (e.g., to our attorneys, auditors, or accountants), to protect your rights, to protect our rights, or to protect the rights of others. We may also disclose the information we obtain to any company which may in the future acquire Dillard's or a portion of its business.4. How We Use Cookies and Similar TechnologyA "cookie" is a small data file stored by your web browser on your device. It allows the Site to recognize your device upon entering the Site. We use cookies to keep track of when you return to the Site, to identify the pages you click on during your visit to the Site, and the name of the site you visited immediately before visiting the Site. We use information obtained via cookies to improve and secure the Site, including improving our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions; to prevent fraud; and to provide you with product recommendations. Such recommendations may be presented to you on other sites you visit, including social network sites such as Facebook. You can disable and delete cookies through your web browser. However, you will not be able to make purchases on the Site if you disable cookies.We use Google Analytics to compile information collected via cookies in a manner which is helpful to us in analyzing visitors' use of the Site. Google Analytics also uses this information to place advertisements for our products on other sites that you visit after your use of the Site. These advertisements may be based upon the pages you visited during your use of the Site. You may opt out of Google Analytics' use of your browsing history information in this manner at any time by visiting Google's Ad Preferences Manager You may also choose to install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on, which if installed will prevent Google Analytics from using information obtained from your use of the Site.For payment fraud prevention purposes, we use a technology called "Flash Cookies." A Flash Cookie is a data file placed on your device using Adobe Flash technology that may be installed on your computer or downloaded by you to your computer. Flash cookies are not deleted from your browser when you delete cookies through your browser's delete cookies function, and are not disabled by disabling cookies through your browser's disable cookies function. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash Cookies, click here. Additionally, for payment fraud prevention purposes we use a technology called HTML5 local storage technology. HTML5 web storage is similar to a cookie in that it stores data on your device's web browser for collection of information. HTML5 local storage on your device may not in all cases be deleted or disabled by deleting or disabling cookies through your browser's delete and disable cookies functions.5. How You Can Opt Out of Promotional EmailsYou may access and update your Personal Information and your preferences about receiving promotional emails from Dillard's at any time. To do that:For Desktop/Tablet Users on Dillards.com:Enter your email address into the email field at the bottom of the pageUncheck the box that opts you IN to the promotional emails and click SubmitIf you "opt out" of receiving promotional emails from us, the only emails you will receive will be (I) about transactions that you initiate (such as to confirm orders you submit on the Site, inform you about your order status, respond to your customer service inquiries and answer any other questions you send us); (II) about matters affecting your Personal Information; and (III) in connection with certain services or promotions for which you have registered, such as our gift registry program.6. Miscellaneous InformationChanges to this Privacy Policy: We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy, and to apply any changes to previously collected personal information. We urge you to periodically check this Privacy Policy for any changes. The last revised date will change when we make revisions to the policy. All changes will be effective upon posting or as otherwise stated in the revision. If you cannot accept the terms of the Privacy Policy, as posted, please do not use the Site.Do Not Track Header: Some web browsers and devices permit you to broadcast a preference that you not be "tracked" online. At this time we do not modify your experience based upon whether such a signal is broadcast. Data Security: Security of your information is very important to us, and we follow reasonable procedures to protect the information in our possession. However, no security system is perfect, and we accordingly cannot guarantee that a security breach will not occur.Governing Law, Dispute Jurisdiction: The laws of the State of Arkansas, excluding its choice of law principles, govern all matters arising from or related to the Site, including your access and use, and any Internet transaction between you and us.Links: Our Site may have links to third party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other web sites. You should review their privacy policies.Children's Privacy: We do not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age through the Site without prior verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to us through the Site for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent, we will delete his or her information from our files. Although we permit users to post reviews concerning our products, we do not encourage users to include their full name when posting reviews. If you are under 18, have included your name in a review, and would like Dillard's to remove your name you can contact us at the email address, telephone number, or mailing address below with your request. Please note that even when we remove your name, the removal may not remove the remainder of your post or remove your name from all copies of the post.Questions?If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy please contact us at: &nbsp Dillard's, Inc. &nbsp Attn: Legal Dept. &nbsp 1600 Cantrell Road &nbsp Little Rock, AR 72201 &nbsp 1-800-643-8274 &nbsp Or email us at: internationalsales@dillards.comLast Revised: April 16, 2015.Legal Notices - Terms of UseThis web site is owned and operated by Dillard's, Inc at www.dillards.com.The material contained within this web site is periodically checked for accuracy and is presented without any warranties, either expressed or implied. Dillard's Inc. and its subsidiaries will assume no, and hereby disclaims any, responsibility for any errors or omissions of this web site's content. Dillard's shall not be responsible for any damages incurred as a result of the content or use of this web site.By using the material at this web site, all users agree to all terms and conditions contained in this web site, which are subject to change without notice, as well as all applicable laws, and do so at their own risk. All changes to this legal notice will be posted to this web site in a timely manner.Occasionally, orders for an item exceeding our supply are received. If we are unable to fulfill your order, you will be notified and your credit card will not be charged.Materials contained within this web site are intended for U.S. residents. Any deliveries requested for addresses outside the U.S. are subject to refusal by Dillard's, Inc.Any link between Dillards.com and any other web site does not constitute an endorsement of the linked site. Dillard's, Inc. does not make and hereby disclaims any warranty as to the content of any other web site linked to Dillards.com. Exercise caution when communicating or interacting with any web site.Any questions regarding these legal notices may be directed to: &nbsp Dillard's Inc. &nbsp Attn: Legal Dept. &nbsp 1600 Cantrell Road &nbsp Little Rock, AR 72201Limitation of LiabilityThis website and all information contained herein are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, express or implied. Dillard's shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or relating to the use by any person of this site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, including damages to hardware or software resulting from use of this site.Pricing PolicyDillard's is committed to offering quality merchandise at fair, competitive prices. In most cases, the Internet prices will reflect store prices. However, there may be some exceptions. Internet sale prices expire at midnight Central time on the date displayed for the item. Prices and sales are subject to change without notice.Dillard's does not make price adjustments.Merchandise available through Dillards.com may not be available in all our stores.SecurityWe are committed to maintaining the security of the information we receive from you. To prevent unauthorized access, we have implemented appropriate software and management procedures which we monitor continuously. Encryption is a process which scrambles your personal information while it is in transit to us. We encrypt sensitive information as you key it in your browser via a "secure socket layer", or SSL, which is the industry standard for encrypting transmitted data. Upon receipt, your information is stored on a secured server behind a firewall. This secured server is not directly connected to the Internet, and the firewall which protects it meets all industry standards. In addition, the facility that houses the server is physically secured to further protect your information against loss, alteration or misuse. We are and will continue to be diligent in our efforts to ensure that your personal information is secure with us.Tax InformationTax Information Dillard's Inc. operates in 29 states throughout the U.S. Current law requires us to collect all state taxes that are applicable, based on the order's "ship to" address. Be advised that some states require a tax on the delivery and/or gift wrap charges, as well. All applicable taxes will be clearly displayed on your order at order completion time.NOTE: Tax rates are subject to change at any time.ALL VERMONT PURCHASERSThis is to notify Vermont purchasers that sales or use tax may be due on any nonexempt purchases made through Dillard’s, and that the State of Vermont requires the purchaser to pay any sales or use tax due on his or her tax return.ALL PUERTO RICO PURCHASERSThis is to notify Puerto Rico purchasers that any purchase made through Dillard’s may be subject to sales or use tax in Puerto Rico, and that purchasers should file an Import Declaration and Tax on Imports Monthly Return, and pay any sales or use tax that may be due.ALL SOUTH DAKOTA PURCHASERSThis is to notify South Dakota purchasers that Dillard’s is not required to and does not collect South Dakota sales or use tax on any purchase made through Dillard’s. The purchase is subject to state use tax unless it is specifically exempt from taxation. The purchase is not exempt merely because the purchase is made over the Internet, by catalog, or by other remote means. The state requires each South Dakota purchaser to report and pay tax on any purchase that was not taxed. The tax may be reported and paid on the South Dakota use tax form. The use tax form and corresponding instructions are available on the South Dakota Department of Revenue and Regulation website.The Children's Online Privacy Protection ActThe Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) protects the online privacy and personal information of children under 13 years of age. In compliance with this act, Dillard's does not promote online to children, and does not intentionally collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13. Children under the age of 13 must be signed up by their parents and use their parents email address in order to receive email updates.The Dillard's American Express® Card is issued and administered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.This credit card program is issued and administered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., pursuant to a license from American Express. American Express is a federally registered service mark of American Express.Prices and sale offers may vary by store location, including Dillards.com, and are subject to change. © 2017 Dillard's
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


Women's Clothing | Dillards.com(Logout)(Not Me)LoginMy Dillard'sMy Wish ListMy Wish ListRegistryShopping Bag (0) CLOSE Existing CustomersLoginNew CustomersCreate an accountMy Dillard'sPersonal Information Wish List Address Book Quick Checkout Profile Purchase History Manage eGift Cards Pay My Bill Manage Your Dillard's Card Manage Registry LogoutYou are logging in to Dillards.com.If you want to pay your bill, please visit Dillards.com/payonline.Create an account or log into an accountSale and ClearanceShop By BrandLimited AvailabilityAPO / FPOTrack OrderContact Us Via EmailWomen's ClothingShop AllShop AllShop New ArrivalsShop New ArrivalsNew ArrivalsShop AllSpecialty ShopsPlusPetiteThe Wedding ShopThe WORK ShopContemporaryCategoryDresses (4,330)Tops (3,364)Pants (562)Workwear & Suits (1,645)Swimwear & Cover-Ups (1,877)Activewear (429)Jumpsuits & Rompers (257)Jackets & Vests (511)Skirts (297)Jeans (620)Leggings (121)Shorts (205)Sweaters (198)Coats (9)Contemporary (1,873)Plus (2,368)Petite (1,217)The Wedding Shop (1,762)BRAND1. STATE (80)24th & Ocean (18)7 for all mankind (36)Active Spirit (6)Adrianna Papell (483)Aidan Aidan Mattox (28)Aidan Mattox (26)Albert Nipon (14)Alex Evenings (345)Alex Marie (204)Ali Miles (42)Allison Daley (349)Anne Cole (9)Anne Klein (16)Antonio Melani (474)Armani Exchange (57)Athena Pick Your Fit (23)Band Of Gypsies (16)BB Dakota (19)Beach House (81)Beach Native (12)Becca by Rebecca Virtue (21)Becca Etc. (14)Belle Badgley Mischka (130)Beretta (8)Betsey Johnson (42)Betsy & Adam (29)Bikini Lab (19)Billabong (27)Bleu Rod Beattie (6)Blu Pepper (19)Blue Earth (6)Bobeau (44)Brianna (29)Brooks (11)Bryn Walker (125)b.tempt'd by Wacoal (2)Buffalo David Bitton (34)Cachet (40)Calessa (65)Calvin Klein (623)Carmen Marc Valvo (55)CATHERINE Catherine Malandrino (7)CeCe (108)Chantelle (2)Chelsea & Theodore (52)Chelsea & Violet (156)C/MEO (12)Coco Rave (34)Coco Reef (53)Code Bleu (67)Columbia (10)Cremieux (226)Cupio (13)David Meister (41)Decode 1.8 (19)Democracy (81)devlin (25)DKNY (13)Donna Morgan (18)Donna Ricco (2)Dotti (16)Dress the Population (6)Echo (7)Eco Swim (9)Eileen Fisher (496)Elan (23)Eliza J (133)Ella Moss (17)Elle Macpherson Body USA (1)Elomi (1)Emma Street (53)ERIN erin fetherston (1)Eva Franco (30)Eva Varro (43)Exist by Next (5)Fever (2)Figueroa & Flower (41)Finders Keepers (3)Fit 4 U (4)Foxiedox (15)Free People (284)French Blue (10)French Connection (45)GB (107)Gianni Bini (455)Gibson & Latimer (245)Gossip (27)Gottex (13)Green Dragon (8)H Halston (150)Half Moon by Modern Movement (11)Heritage (14)Hobie (21)HUE (32)Hunter (5)IC Collection (116)Ignite Evenings (47)I.N. Studio (48)Inches Away (35)Intro (167)Investments (199)iRelax (1)Isabella Rose (19)Ivanka Trump (152)Jack by BB Dakota (7)Jag (22)Jag Jeans (29)James Jeans (8)Jantzen (24)Jasmine & Ginger (1)Jax (40)Jessica Howard (219)Jessica Simpson (63)Jill Jill Stuart (17)Jkara (120)J.McLaughlin (30)J.O.A. (40)Joe's Jeans (35)John Mark (35)John Meyer (29)Jones New York (122)JS Collections (73)Karen Kane (142)KARL LAGERFELD PARIS (72)Kasper (294)kate spade new york (21)Kay Unger (27)Keepsake (35)Kenneth Cole New York (47)Kenneth Cole Reaction (44)Kinesis (34)KUT from the Kloth (74)La Blanca (82)La Femme (15)La Moda (3)Lasting Moments (12)Laundry by Shelli Segal (89)Lauren Ralph Lauren (461)Le Bos (40)Le Mystere (1)Leslie Fay (81)Levi's (121)Liverpool Jeans Company (12)London Times (75)Lovers + Friends (46)Lucky Brand (131)lucy (62)Lucy Paris (33)Lysse (5)M Made in Italy (40)Maggy London (41)Magicsuit (18)Marina (42)MGNY Madeline Gardner New York (21)MICHAEL Michael Kors (261)Michael Stars (1)Mika Mindel (11)Ming Wang (89)Miraclebody Jeans (6)Miraclesuit (55)Misook (74)Moa Moa (25)Mon Cheri (19)Moon River (23)M.S.S.P. (102)Multiples (104)Nanette Lepore (48)Natori (5)Nautica (11)Next by Athena (22)Nicole Miller Artelier (40)Nicole Miller Collection (11)Nicole Miller New York (86)Nike (98)NYDJ (156)One World Apparel (43)O'Neill (10)Paris Hues (6)Peace Love World (13)Pendleton (8)Peter Nygard (260)Pisarro Nights (91)Polo Ralph Lauren (95)Preston & York (241)Profile Blush By Gottex (14)Profile by Gottex (39)Puma (25)R & M Richards (52)Radio Fiji (17)Raisins (46)RD Style (7)Reba (149)Reebok (2)Reef (5)Roxy (13)Ruby (1)Ruby Rd. (214)Sanctuary (104)Sangria (63)Shape Solver (26)Sigrid Olsen (62)Silver Jeans Co. (31)Skies Are Blue (36)S.L. Fashions (83)SmartWool (18)Soulmates (20)Spanx (8)Spense (1)Sperry (14)Splendid (17)Style Stalker (11)Sugarlips (67)Tadashi Shoji (80)Tahari ASL (500)Terani Couture (35)The Jetset Diaries (17)The North Face (61)Tolani (25)Tommy Bahama (85)Trina Turk (120)Tru Luxe Jeans (14)True Religion (23)UGG (1)Under Armour (55)Vera Wang (22)Vince Camuto (521)Wacoal (4)WAYF (49)Westbound (581)XCVI (33)Xscape (28)Yummie by Heather Thomson (8)ZOZO (75)Shop by OutfitFree PeopleGianni BiniChelsea & VioletAntonio MelaniEileen FisherCalvin KleinBryn WalkerTrending NowLittle Black DressesMidi Skirts & DressesDate-Night DressesBell SleevesOff-the-ShoulderRufflesFresh FloralsStripesFilterWomen's ClothingWOMENALSO SHOP:PLUSPETITESHOP ALLSHOP ALL | SHOP THIS STYLESHOP ALL | SHOP THIS STYLESHOP ALL | SHOP THIS STYLESHOP ALL | SHOP THE LATEST OUTFITS | SHOP THESE STYLESSHOP MAXI DRESSES | SHOP WRAP DRESSES | SHOP JUMPSUITSSHOP ALL | SHOP THIS STYLESHOP ALL | SHOP THIS STYLESHOP ALL | SHOP THIS STYLESHOP ALL | SHOP THIS STYLEPrices and sale offers may vary by store location, including Dillards.com, and are subject to change. © 2017 Dillard'sShoes | Dillards.com(Logout)(Not Me)LoginMy Dillard'sMy Wish ListMy Wish ListRegistryShopping Bag (0) CLOSE Existing CustomersLoginNew CustomersCreate an accountMy Dillard'sPersonal Information Wish List Address Book Quick Checkout Profile Purchase History Manage eGift Cards Pay My Bill Manage Your Dillard's Card Manage Registry LogoutYou are logging in to Dillards.com.If you want to pay your bill, please visit Dillards.com/payonline.Create an account or log into an accountSale and ClearanceShop By BrandLimited AvailabilityAPO / FPOTrack OrderContact Us Via EmailShoesCategoryWomen's Shoes (5,706)Kids Shoes (1,323)Men's Shoes (1,537)Shoe Accessories (85)BRAND1. STATE (43)Adrianna Papell (43)Aldo (71)Alegria (80)Alex Marie (74)Allen-Edmonds (16)Antonio Melani (92)Ariat (16)Arturo Chiang (15)ASICS (31)Baby Deer (5)Badgley Mischka (85)BCBGeneration (12)Bed Stu (47)Belvedere (10)Bernie Mev. (5)Betsey Johnson (104)Birkenstock (45)Born (158)Bzees (28)Cabernet (5)Calvin Klein (110)Chinese Laundry (5)Chooka (5)Chooze (22)Clarks (79)COACH (113)Cole Haan (119)Columbia (22)Comfortiva (54)Converse (127)Coolway (9)Corral Boots (9)Crocs (10)Danner (10)Dansko (198)Dillard's (1)Dillard's Luxury Shoecare (9)Dolce Vita (51)Domani Shoes (5)Donald J Pliner (98)Dr. Martens (42)Earth (13)Easy Spirit (1)ECCO (236)ED Ellen Degeneres (32)Edgehill Collection (4)Eileen Fisher (49)Feltman Brothers (4)FitFlop (39)Foot Petals (32)Franco Sarto (142)Free People (43)Freebird (21)Freshly Picked (13)Frye (272)GB (50)GB Girls (39)Geox (21)Gianni Bini (127)Guess (51)H Halston (19)Havaianas (13)H.H. Brown (4)Hunter (62)Isola (28)Isotoner (2)J. Renee (62)J Slides (19)Jack Rogers (68)Jambu (15)Jessica Simpson (157)J&M Est. 1850 (15)Johnston & Murphy (77)Jones New York (18)Josef Seibel (59)Joules (21)Joy and Mario (9)Justin Boots (6)Kamik (3)KARL LAGERFELD PARIS (43)kate spade new york (104)Katy Perry (55)Keds (42)Keen (49)Kenneth Cole New York (67)Kenneth Cole Reaction (131)Kork-Ease (28)L' Amour Des Pieds (11)Latigo (16)Lauren Ralph Lauren (36)Louise et Cie (53)Lucchese (22)Lucky Brand (62)Magnanni (22)Manitobah Mukluks (6)Me Too (15)Mephisto (47)Merrell (91)MICHAEL Michael Kors (191)Mini Melissa (18)Minnetonka (39)Montana (24)Muck (32)Naot (21)Native (10)Naturalizer (195)Naughty Monkey (15)New Balance (67)Nike (225)Nina (101)Nurture (25)Onex (34)ONO (8)Original Collection by Dr. Scholl's (44)Pelle Moda (42)Plae (21)Polo Ralph Lauren (153)Puma (37)Rainbow (5)Ralph Lauren (5)Reba (14)Reebok (22)Reef (36)Roan (5)Robeez (39)Robert Zur (5)Rockport (63)Romika (14)Sam Edelman (226)Samuel Hubbard (11)Sanuk (66)Saucony (13)Sbicca (11)See Kai Run (24)Skechers (47)Sofft (63)Softspots (2)Sorel (40)Sperry (197)Steve Madden (245)Stride Rite (144)Teva (30)The North Face (25)The Sak (6)Timberland (50)Tommy Bahama (14)TOMS (166)Trotters (22)UGG (407)Under Armour (80)Vince Camuto (147)Vionic WALK.MOVE.LIVE (121)Volatile (36)Western Chief (11)Wolverine (12)Yellow Box (8)Trending Now Wedding Shoes Party & Evening Blush MetallicsDress Mules Bows, Tassels & Pom Poms Embroidered DetailBlock HeelsSlidesLace-UpPeep-Toe BootiesWhite SneakersFloral Specialty ShopsThe Comfort ShopAlso ShopSocksFilterShoesPrices and sale offers may vary by store location, including Dillards.com, and are subject to change. © 2017 Dillard's
Dillard's - Off-the-shoulder is the hottest trend of the... | Facebook


FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?Sign Up   English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


















Dillards - - Dillard's, Inc. - History of Dillard's, Inc.






























Home  ›  Investor Relations  ›  History of Dillard's, Inc. 
    


Investor Overview
History of Dillard's, Inc.
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance

Financial Information

SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Quarterly Results


Stock Information

Historic Stock Lookup
Dividend History


Investor FAQs
Contact Us




  
            
          




Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?





History of Dillard's, Inc.



William Dillard, the founder and Chairman of Dillard’s, Inc., developed a keen interest in retailing at an early age. He started his success story in 1938 when, with $8,000 borrowed from his father, he opened a small store in his wife's hometown of Nashville, Arkansas. By that time, he had better than 12 years of part-time and summer experience working in his father's Mineral Springs, Arkansas store. After completing college (University of Arkansas-1935) and graduate school (Columbia University School of Business-1937), Mr. Dillard began working as a management trainee for Sears Roebuck & Company. Shortly after completing the training course, a period of only seven months, Mr. Dillard left Sears and opened his first store. 
            
Even in the beginning, Mr. Dillard was well aware of the value of effective advertising in building a business. With each move/expansion, the company has stressed value in its advertising. Aside from a short period during World War II, the Company continued operating and expanding its Nashville location. In 1948, Dillard, looking for more growth prospects, sold the Nashville store and used the money, along with some outside financing, to buy controlling interest in a Texarkana (AR,TX) store. His competitive strategy was to offer attractively priced national name brand merchandise along with customer credit. By 1953, it was the leading store in Texarkana. From Texarkana, Dillard expanded to Tyler, Texas in 1956 with the purchase of an existing store. In early 1960 he entered into a similar transaction for a Tulsa, Oklahoma store which was twice the size of the now thriving Tyler operation. Like his other acquisitions, he was quick to make it profitable and to pay down acquisition-related debt. 
            
The department store operator opened his first store in a shopping mall in 1964 in Austin, TX, a decision which proved to have significant implications in the chain's future growth strategy. One of the cornerstones of Dillard's philosophy is that location is the key to success. Meanwhile, the Company had established a credit subsidiary, purchased two central Arkansas department store chains, relocated its headquarters to Little Rock, Arkansas, implemented a centralized computer system, realigned its capital structure and used its existing store base as a vehicle for expansion into mall locations. Throughout the late sixties and beyond, this aggressive mall expansion would continue. 
            
In 1969, Dillard Department Stores, Inc. went public, offering its Class A Common Stock to eager investors for the first time on May 9. By the early 1970's, the chain had moved into Louisiana, Missouri and New Mexico and had expanded its presence in Texas, Arkansas, and Oklahoma, thus necessitating a divisional organization within the parent company. In 1974, the purchase of five stores from Tandy's Leonard's Division gave Dillard a strong foothold in the Dallas/Fort Worth market. 
            
Further consolidation in the department store industry made possible for Dillard many smaller acquisitions until 1983. Then, just five days after announcing the second two- for-one stock split, Dillard’s announced the acquisition of Stix, Baer & Fuller, consisting of 12 stores located in the St. Louis and Kansas City areas. In 1984, two department store divisions were purchased from Dayton Hudson, adding stores in Oklahoma, Arizona and Nevada. 1986 was marked by the acquisition of 12 stores in the Midwest from R.H. Macy. In 1987, 27 units were purchased from Joske’s and three from Cain-Sloan. In 1988, Dillard’s purchased a ½ interest in 12 Higbee Department Stores located in Ohio. The D.H. Holmes company was purchased in 1989, consisting of 18 units in the south. The following year the J.B. Ivey chain was purchased, 23 stores spanning North Carolina, South Carolina, and Florida. 
            
In 1991, the last storewide sales event was eliminated as Dillard’s moved to a more balanced pricing approach. This pricing strategy was designed to help create loyalty and confidence among Dillard’s customers. The year was also marked with the acquisition of 7 Maison Blanche stores in northern and western Florida. 
            
Acquisition activity slowed from 1992 to 1997, as properties became less available. The Company turned its focus to construction and expansion, constructing over 60 stores. In 1997, Dillard’s again entered the acquisition arena and purchased ten Mervyn’s stores in Florida, seven Proffitt’s locations in Virginia, and three Macy’s stores in Houston, Texas.
            
On May 18, 1998, Dillard’s announced a tender offer for the acquisition of Mercantile Stores Company, Inc., a chain of 103 traditional stores based near Cincinnati, Ohio. The acquisition, the largest in the history of the Company, was completed on August 18. After strategic sales and swaps of stores, mainly in overlapping markets, the Company retained approximately 75 of the former Mercantile locations.
            
On February 8, 2002, William T. Dillard passed away leaving a legacy of tremendous success in retailing. 
            
Today, a major part of Dillard's marketing philosophy remains based on Mr. Dillard's sound selling methods, keen attention of day-to-day organizational details, alert selection of personnel and hard work. Presently, the chain consists of approximately 300 stores spanning 29 states, all operating under one name - Dillard's.
            






Stock Quote (NYSE: DDS)
Price:
77.50

Change:
 0.00

Day High:
N/A

Day Low:
N/A

Volume:
N/A

4:04 PM ET on Jul 27, 2017
Delayed at least 20  minutes.Provided by eSignal.



Shareholder Tools



Shareholder Briefcase



Printed Materials



Email Alerts



Download Library



Snapshot



RSS News Feeds




Search Investor Relations






















 
























































65% Off Dillards Coupons: 2017 Coupon Codes




































Dillards Coupons & Promo Codes

All4
Promo Codes0
In-Store Coupons0
Sales4
Deals0




All
In-Store



There are no in-store offers at this time. Please check back later.




65%Off
sale




At Least 65% Off Clearance Items





Shop clearance items at Dillard's with prices starting at least 65% off every item. Prices reflect discount, no coupon code required. This sale is valid for a limited time.

View Sale
Used 61 times today








Free 7 Piece Gift With $35+ Lancome Purchase






View Sale
Used 9 times today








Special Offers from Coach





Shop Coach items on sale with prices as low as $38.

Get Offer
Used 5 times today





Get Dillards deal alerts. 15,188 already do.Privacy Policy
 

Go














Two Free Gifts With $70+ Lancome Purchase






View Sale


Past Dillards Coupon Codes

These Dillards promo codes have expired but may still work.






Guaranteed Christmas Delivery






Get Offer
Expired 12/22/16
Used 32 times today





30%Off
sale




30% Off Ladies Apparel, Juniors Apparel, Children's Apparel, Ladies Shoes, Men's Shoes, Children's Shoes





Save 30% on ladies apparel, juniors apparel, children's apparel, ladies shoes, men's shoes, children's shoes at Dillards.

Get Offer
Expired 08/19/16
Used 500 times today





40%Off
sale




Extra 40% Off Reduced Merchandise





Save an extra 40% off reduced merchandise at Dillards.

Get Offer
Expired 02/25/16
Used 142 times today





30%Off
sale




Extra 30% Off | Cardmembers Preview Day






Get Offer
Expired 01/26/17
Used 63 times today





30%Off
sale




Extra 30% Off Clearance Items





Save on apparel, shoes, accessoires, handbags, home items and beauty products.

Get Offer
Expired 06/30/16
Used 46 times today









www.dillards.com

Dillards.com offers men, women, and kids clothing. They carry accessories and fragrances as well.

Similar Stores


Aeropostale
Belk
Bloomingdale's
DSW
Hollister
JCPenney
Kohl's
Lane Bryant
Lord & Taylor
Neiman Marcus
Nordstrom
Nordstrom Rack
Payless
Saks Fifth Avenue
Sam's Club
thredUP
Zappos

All Stores




Our team is confident that we have found the newest Dillards coupons. Feel free to check similar sites and share with us if we missed something.


valpak
couponcabin
goodsearch
groupon
coupons

Submit a Coupon









Facebook Twitter

iOS App
About Us
Help
Contact Us
Advertise
Press
Submit A Coupon
Privacy Information
Deal Alerts
Sunday Ads
Newsletter
We're Hiring


Copyright © 1999-2017 Ecatcher, Inc - DealCatcher.com All Rights
Reserved.



modal













Messenger










MessengerSign in with Facebook to get started.ContinueKeep me signed inNot on Facebook?|Forgot Password|Privacy Policy|Terms|Cookie Policy| © Facebook 2017










Dillards - - Dillard's, Inc. - Press Releases






























Home  ›  Investor Relations  ›  Press Releases 
    


Investor Overview
History of Dillard's, Inc.
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance

Financial Information

SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Quarterly Results


Stock Information

Historic Stock Lookup
Dividend History


Investor FAQs
Contact Us




  
            
          




Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?





Press Releases


View:

All Categories
Earnings
General

Year:

All Years
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001

  


All Releases



Dillard's, Inc. Announces $0.07 Cash Dividend
        May 22, 2017
      
 
  5.5 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE: DDS) (the "Company" or "Dillard's") announced
      that the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.07 per share
      on the Class A and Class B Common Stock of the Company payable July 31,
      2017 to shareholders of record as of June 30, 2017.
    
    
    
  View so...
          Read more




Dillard's, Inc. Hosts Annual Meeting of Shareholders
        May 20, 2017
      
 
 10.8 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE:DDS) (the "Company" or "Dillard's") conducted its

      annual meeting of shareholders today in Little Rock, Arkansas with

      Dillard's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, William

      Dillard, II, presiding.

    

    

      Mr. Dillard welcomed...
          Read more




Dillard's, Inc. Reports First Quarter Results
        May 11, 2017
      
 
 20.3 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE: DDS) (the "Company" or "Dillard's") announced

      operating results for the 13 weeks ended April 29, 2017. This release

      contains certain forward-looking statements. Please refer to the

      Company's cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information

...
          Read more




Dillard's, Inc. to Report First Quarter Results
        May 10, 2017
      
 
  5.5 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE: DDS) will announce results for the 13 weeks ended
      April 29, 2017 tomorrow morning before the open of the New York Stock
      Exchange.
    
    
    
  View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170510006338/en/



    
      Dillard's, In...
          Read more




Dillard's, Inc. Announces $0.07 Cash Dividend
        Feb 24, 2017
      
 
  5.5 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE: DDS) (the "Company" or "Dillard's") announced
      that the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.07 per share
      on the Class A and Class B Common Stock of the Company payable May 1,
      2017 to shareholders of record as of March 31, 2017.
    
    
    
  View sou...
          Read more




Dillard's, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year Results
        Feb 21, 2017
      
 
 24.0 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE: DDS) (the "Company" or "Dillard's") announced

      operating results for the 13 and 52 weeks ended January 28, 2017. This

      release contains certain forward-looking statements. Please refer to the

      Company's cautionary statements regarding forward-looking inform...
          Read more




Dillard's, Inc. to Report Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year Results
        Feb 20, 2017
      
 
  5.5 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE: DDS) will announce results for the 13 and 52
      weeks ended January 28, 2017 tomorrow morning before the open of the New
      York Stock Exchange.
    
  View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170220005672/en/



    
      Dillard's, Inc...
          Read more




Dillard's to Donate More Than $550,000 to Local RMHC® Chapters Through Sale of Southern Living Christmas Cookbook
        Jan 24, 2017
      
 
  8.7 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE: DDS) ("Dillard's") announced today that it will

      make a significant contribution of more than $550,000 to local Chapters

      of Ronald McDonald House Charities®. This donation was made possible

      through the sale of Dillard's exclusive Southern Living Chri...
          Read more




Dillard's, Inc. Announces $0.07 Cash Dividend
        Nov 17, 2016
      
 
  5.5 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE: DDS) (the "Company" or "Dillard's") announced
      that the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.07 per share
      on the Class A and Class B Common Stock of the Company payable January
      30, 2017 to shareholders of record as of December 30, 2016.
    
  View sour...
          Read more




Dillard's, Inc. Reports Third Quarter Results
        Nov 10, 2016
      
 
 23.1 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE: DDS) (the "Company" or "Dillard's") announced

      operating results for the 13 and 39 weeks ended October 29, 2016. This

      release contains certain forward-looking statements. Please refer to the

      Company's cautionary statements regarding forward-looking inform...
          Read more




Dillard's, Inc. to Report Third Quarter Results
        Nov 9, 2016
      
 
  5.5 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE: DDS) will announce results for the 13 and 39
      weeks ended October 29, 2016 after the close of the New York Stock
      Exchange tomorrow, November 10, 2016.
    
    
    
  View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161109006106/en/



    ...
          Read more




Dillard's Offers Exclusive Southern Living Christmas Cookbook to Benefit Ronald McDonald House Charities
        Sep 20, 2016
      
 
196.0 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Dillard's is pleased to further its commitment to Ronald

      McDonald House Charities® (RMHC®) and their

      goal to keep families of ill children close to each other and the

      medical care they need with Dillard's 23rd annual holiday

      fundraiser. Since 1994, Dillard's...
          Read more




Dillard's, Inc. Announces $0.07 Cash Dividend
        Aug 19, 2016
      
 
  5.5 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE: DDS) (the "Company" or "Dillard's") announced
      that the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.07 per share
      on the Class A and Class B Common Stock of the Company payable October
      31, 2016 to shareholders of record as of September 30, 2016.
    
  View sour...
          Read more




Dillard's, Inc. Reports Second Quarter Results
        Aug 11, 2016
      
 
 22.7 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE: DDS) (the "Company" or "Dillard's") announced

      operating results for the 13 and 26 weeks ended July 30, 2016. This

      release contains certain forward-looking statements. Please refer to the

      Company's cautionary statements regarding forward-looking informati...
          Read more




Dillard's, Inc. to Report Second Quarter Results
        Aug 10, 2016
      
 
  5.5 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE: DDS) will announce results for the 13 and 26
      weeks ended July 30, 2016 after the close of the New York Stock Exchange
      tomorrow, August 11, 2016.
    
  View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160810006000/en/



    
      Dillard'...
          Read more




Dillard's, Inc. Announces $0.07 Cash Dividend
        May 23, 2016
      
 
  5.5 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE: DDS) (the "Company" or "Dillard's") announced
      that the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.07 per share
      on the Class A and Class B Common Stock of the Company payable August 1,
      2016 to shareholders of record as of June 30, 2016.
    
  View source vers...
          Read more




Dillard's, Inc. Hosts Annual Meeting of Shareholders
        May 21, 2016
      
 
 10.4 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE:DDS) (the "Company" or "Dillard's") conducted its

      annual meeting of shareholders today in Little Rock, Arkansas with

      Dillard's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, William

      Dillard, II, presiding.

    

    

      Mr. Dillard welcomed...
          Read more




Dillard's, Inc. Reports First Quarter Results
        May 12, 2016
      
 
 21.2 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE: DDS) (the "Company" or "Dillard's") announced

      operating results for the 13 weeks ended April 30, 2016. This release

      contains certain forward-looking statements. Please refer to the

      Company's cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information

...
          Read more




Dillard's, Inc. to Report First Quarter Results
        May 11, 2016
      
 
  5.5 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE: DDS) will announce results for the 13 weeks ended
      April 30, 2016 after the close of the New York Stock Exchange tomorrow,
      May 12, 2016.
    
  View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160511006559/en/



    
      Dillard's, Inc.J...
          Read more




Dillard's, Inc. Announces New $500 Million Share Repurchase Program and $0.07 Cash Dividend
        Feb 25, 2016
      
 
  6.2 KB





 

LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE: DDS) (the "Company" or "Dillard's") announced

      that the Board of Directors has approved a new share repurchase program

      authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $500 million of its Class A

      Common Stock. The new open-ended authorization permits the Compa...
          Read more






Showing 1-20 of 365
Page: 1 2 3 4 5  ... 19 
 Next 20






 = add release to Briefcase
	



Stock Quote (NYSE: DDS)
Price:
77.50

Change:
 0.00

Day High:
N/A

Day Low:
N/A

Volume:
N/A

4:04 PM ET on Jul 27, 2017
Delayed at least 20  minutes.Provided by eSignal.



Shareholder Tools



Shareholder Briefcase



Printed Materials



Email Alerts



Download Library



Snapshot



RSS News Feeds




Search Investor Relations






















 Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      


Dillards - - Dillard's, Inc. - History of Dillard's, Inc.






























Home  ›  Investor Relations  ›  History of Dillard's, Inc. 
    


Investor Overview
History of Dillard's, Inc.
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance

Financial Information

SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Quarterly Results


Stock Information

Historic Stock Lookup
Dividend History


Investor FAQs
Contact Us




  
            
          




Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?





History of Dillard's, Inc.



William Dillard, the founder and Chairman of Dillard’s, Inc., developed a keen interest in retailing at an early age. He started his success story in 1938 when, with $8,000 borrowed from his father, he opened a small store in his wife's hometown of Nashville, Arkansas. By that time, he had better than 12 years of part-time and summer experience working in his father's Mineral Springs, Arkansas store. After completing college (University of Arkansas-1935) and graduate school (Columbia University School of Business-1937), Mr. Dillard began working as a management trainee for Sears Roebuck & Company. Shortly after completing the training course, a period of only seven months, Mr. Dillard left Sears and opened his first store. 
            
Even in the beginning, Mr. Dillard was well aware of the value of effective advertising in building a business. With each move/expansion, the company has stressed value in its advertising. Aside from a short period during World War II, the Company continued operating and expanding its Nashville location. In 1948, Dillard, looking for more growth prospects, sold the Nashville store and used the money, along with some outside financing, to buy controlling interest in a Texarkana (AR,TX) store. His competitive strategy was to offer attractively priced national name brand merchandise along with customer credit. By 1953, it was the leading store in Texarkana. From Texarkana, Dillard expanded to Tyler, Texas in 1956 with the purchase of an existing store. In early 1960 he entered into a similar transaction for a Tulsa, Oklahoma store which was twice the size of the now thriving Tyler operation. Like his other acquisitions, he was quick to make it profitable and to pay down acquisition-related debt. 
            
The department store operator opened his first store in a shopping mall in 1964 in Austin, TX, a decision which proved to have significant implications in the chain's future growth strategy. One of the cornerstones of Dillard's philosophy is that location is the key to success. Meanwhile, the Company had established a credit subsidiary, purchased two central Arkansas department store chains, relocated its headquarters to Little Rock, Arkansas, implemented a centralized computer system, realigned its capital structure and used its existing store base as a vehicle for expansion into mall locations. Throughout the late sixties and beyond, this aggressive mall expansion would continue. 
            
In 1969, Dillard Department Stores, Inc. went public, offering its Class A Common Stock to eager investors for the first time on May 9. By the early 1970's, the chain had moved into Louisiana, Missouri and New Mexico and had expanded its presence in Texas, Arkansas, and Oklahoma, thus necessitating a divisional organization within the parent company. In 1974, the purchase of five stores from Tandy's Leonard's Division gave Dillard a strong foothold in the Dallas/Fort Worth market. 
            
Further consolidation in the department store industry made possible for Dillard many smaller acquisitions until 1983. Then, just five days after announcing the second two- for-one stock split, Dillard’s announced the acquisition of Stix, Baer & Fuller, consisting of 12 stores located in the St. Louis and Kansas City areas. In 1984, two department store divisions were purchased from Dayton Hudson, adding stores in Oklahoma, Arizona and Nevada. 1986 was marked by the acquisition of 12 stores in the Midwest from R.H. Macy. In 1987, 27 units were purchased from Joske’s and three from Cain-Sloan. In 1988, Dillard’s purchased a ½ interest in 12 Higbee Department Stores located in Ohio. The D.H. Holmes company was purchased in 1989, consisting of 18 units in the south. The following year the J.B. Ivey chain was purchased, 23 stores spanning North Carolina, South Carolina, and Florida. 
            
In 1991, the last storewide sales event was eliminated as Dillard’s moved to a more balanced pricing approach. This pricing strategy was designed to help create loyalty and confidence among Dillard’s customers. The year was also marked with the acquisition of 7 Maison Blanche stores in northern and western Florida. 
            
Acquisition activity slowed from 1992 to 1997, as properties became less available. The Company turned its focus to construction and expansion, constructing over 60 stores. In 1997, Dillard’s again entered the acquisition arena and purchased ten Mervyn’s stores in Florida, seven Proffitt’s locations in Virginia, and three Macy’s stores in Houston, Texas.
            
On May 18, 1998, Dillard’s announced a tender offer for the acquisition of Mercantile Stores Company, Inc., a chain of 103 traditional stores based near Cincinnati, Ohio. The acquisition, the largest in the history of the Company, was completed on August 18. After strategic sales and swaps of stores, mainly in overlapping markets, the Company retained approximately 75 of the former Mercantile locations.
            
On February 8, 2002, William T. Dillard passed away leaving a legacy of tremendous success in retailing. 
            
Today, a major part of Dillard's marketing philosophy remains based on Mr. Dillard's sound selling methods, keen attention of day-to-day organizational details, alert selection of personnel and hard work. Presently, the chain consists of approximately 300 stores spanning 29 states, all operating under one name - Dillard's.
            






Stock Quote (NYSE: DDS)
Price:
77.50

Change:
 0.00

Day High:
N/A

Day Low:
N/A

Volume:
N/A

4:04 PM ET on Jul 27, 2017
Delayed at least 20  minutes.Provided by eSignal.



Shareholder Tools



Shareholder Briefcase



Printed Materials



Email Alerts



Download Library



Snapshot



RSS News Feeds




Search Investor Relations






















 















Dillard's (@Dillards) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Dillard'sVerified account



@Dillards












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
3,708
            



Following
Following
322



Followers
Followers
28K



Likes
Likes
1,475

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @Dillards

Mute @Dillards



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Dillard'sVerified account



@Dillards


Official Dillard's Twitter - 140 characters of the Style of Your Life!



            Nationwide, USA

      



 
    Dillards.com
  




Joined August 2009












                
                449 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @Dillards
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @Dillards
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Dillard's followed
        

























Dillard's‏Verified account @Dillards

22h22 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Take an additional percentage off permanently reduced merchandise! SHOP NOW ---> http://bit.ly/2tK0lyD pic.twitter.com/oX9tF1fVhX
















0 replies




4 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Dillard's‏Verified account @Dillards

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Take an additional percentage off permanently reduced merchandise! SHOP NOW ---> http://bit.ly/2tK0lyD pic.twitter.com/foBvU2LZmL














Dillard's






1 reply




3 retweets




8 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Dillard's‏Verified account @Dillards

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







The most amazing maxi for summer! http://bit.ly/2h0GRzN pic.twitter.com/6PWjeIPBeA














Dillard's






0 replies




0 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Dillard's‏Verified account @Dillards

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Friday night date night done right! ---> http://bit.ly/2uknq7S pic.twitter.com/3tPHwUqtca














Dillard's






1 reply




2 retweets




7 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


7





Liked


7










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Dillard's‏Verified account @Dillards

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







This gingham top is calling your name!!! --->  http://bit.ly/2tL4WvJ pic.twitter.com/I3aCozDHkh














Dillard's






0 replies




1 retweet




6 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


6





Liked


6










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Dillard's Retweeted
            







Betsey Johnson‏Verified account @xoBetseyJohnson

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







I'm all about my new lemon sneakers!  Summer Fun #TuesdayShoesday @Dillards 
XoXhttp://bit.ly/2uvncO0 pic.twitter.com/1gKhb1reQx























5 replies




13 retweets




94 likes








Reply


5







Retweet


13




Retweeted


13








Like


94





Liked


94










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Dillard's‏Verified account @Dillards

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







This @FreePeople top is AH-MAZING! http://bit.ly/2to94X1 pic.twitter.com/7ZI06y8igH














Dillard's and
    Free People






0 replies




1 retweet




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Dillard's‏Verified account @Dillards

Jul 14






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Hello Weekend!!! Shop these seriously strappy shoes for the perfect night out! Mhttp://bit.ly/2sZVAMMpic.twitter.com/3mJuSe32PF














Dillard's






1 reply




2 retweets




8 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Dillard's‏Verified account @Dillards

Jul 13






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Get your FREE 6-Piece gift with any $35 Lancome purchase!!! http://bit.ly/2tjwnMP pic.twitter.com/Lf25oAeihe
















0 replies




2 retweets




4 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Dillard's‏Verified account @Dillards

Jul 12






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Little white dress for the win!!! Shop this dress from @sugarlips: http://bit.ly/2sQN02Q pic.twitter.com/mkOAM8uZXM














Dillard's and
    Sugarlips






0 replies




1 retweet




7 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


7





Liked


7










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Dillard's Retweeted
            







Betsey Johnson‏Verified account @xoBetseyJohnson

Jul 11






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







I  my brand new denim sneakers! Totally  Betsey! U dig? #TuesdayShoesday @Dillards
 XoX
http://bit.ly/2tJKlJQ pic.twitter.com/OTNtm6Ju11























13 replies




20 retweets




132 likes








Reply


13







Retweet


20




Retweeted


20








Like


132





Liked


132










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Dillard's‏Verified account @Dillards

Jul 11






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Say YES to this dress! http://bit.ly/2ufQqR1 pic.twitter.com/y5EowOKkvW














Dillard's and
    Free People






0 replies




0 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Dillard's‏Verified account @Dillards

Jul 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







FREE 6-Piece Gift with any $35 Lancôme purchase!

Shop Now --->http://bit.ly/2sWElQR pic.twitter.com/rrHIKtxBGL














Dillard's and
    Lancôme USA






1 reply




12 retweets




31 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


12




Retweeted


12








Like


31





Liked


31










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Dillard's‏Verified account @Dillards

Jul 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







SWIM CLEARANCE! Shop now!!! ---> http://bit.ly/2t5GeG5 pic.twitter.com/B8zNoCm6EN














Dillard's






0 replies




1 retweet




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Dillard's‏Verified account @Dillards

Jul 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Swim Clearance starts today!!! Save up to 40% off! http://bit.ly/2sM6d5b pic.twitter.com/FaN88HJgoD
















0 replies




5 retweets




9 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


9





Liked


9










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Dillard's‏Verified account @Dillards

Jul 3






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







May the fourth be with you! http://bit.ly/2tKt8Cy pic.twitter.com/RyEd0i48zy














Dillard's and
    KATY PERRY






0 replies




2 retweets




5 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Dillard's‏Verified account @Dillards

Jun 27






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Happy National Sunglasses Day! Check out some of our favorites! http://bit.ly/2tV4Eni pic.twitter.com/MEK8x1lT8N




























Dillard's and
    Quay Australia






0 replies




4 retweets




4 likes








Reply










Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Dillard's‏Verified account @Dillards

Jun 27






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







So Sparkly!!! Shop these special occasion shoes here: http://bit.ly/2udKy6Q pic.twitter.com/luVMDeFYeD














Dillard's






0 replies




2 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Dillard's‏Verified account @Dillards

Jun 23






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Hellooooo Weekend! Make sure to grab some Birkenstocks! http://bit.ly/2t12W5z pic.twitter.com/lIKhyII8tc














Dillard's and
    BIRKENSTOCK USA






0 replies




4 retweets




11 likes








Reply










Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


11





Liked


11










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Dillard's Retweeted
            







BECCA Swim‏ @BECCAbyRV

Jun 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Living a bikini kinda life.  @thecheekybeen in Southern Belle. Shop it now at @Dillards >> http://bit.ly/2sFHQrs . #BECCASWIMpic.twitter.com/6I4RTDxveT
















0 replies




2 retweets




4 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @Dillards hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























Dillards Inc. Products Price List on July 2017 | Oterry

























































 Shop By Departement

Adult and GamblingArt and EntertainmentAutomotiveCameras and PhotoCareer and EmploymentCell Phones and MobileCollectiblesComputingConsumer ElectronicsDatingEducationFamily and BabyFashionFinancial ServicesFirearms and HuntingFood and DrinkHealth and BeautyHome and GardenIndustrial and SupplyJewelry and WatchesLifestyleMotorcycles and PowersportsMusic and MusiciansNews, Books and MagazinesOnline ServicesOtherPetsReal EstateReligious and CeremonialSelf-HelpShopping and CouponsSports and FitnessToys and HobbiesTravelVideo Gaming 






 MerchantDillards Inc. (42,414) Brandkate spade new york (890)Nike (645)Under Armour (580)Southern (536)Ralph Lauren (534)Calvin Klein (485)GB (421)Lenox (409)MICHAEL Michael (368)Jessica Simpson (358)Eileen Fisher (343)Tahari (315)James Avery (308)Adrianna (304)Polo Ralph Lauren (301)Lauren (292)Waterford (287)Michael Kors (284)Clinique (282)Copper Key (281)Cremieux (263)Vince Camuto (236)Lancome (235)Alex Evenings (217)Levi's® (209)Betsey (204)Nadri (204)Lucky Brand (199)ECCO (190)The North Face (185)Kasper (172)Mikasa (167)Shiseido (164)Clarins (162)UGG® (161)Fossil (158)Gianni (155)Jessica Howard (155)Vince (155)Steve Madden (154)Noritake (153)Vera Bradley (151)Allison Daley (147)Tommy Bahama (147)Lauren Ralph Lauren (146)Rare Editions (145)Frye (144)Dansko (139)Estee (136)Edgehill (134)Sam Edelman (133)Calvin (128)Noble Excellence (128)Kenneth Cole New York (127)Starting Out (126)Antonio Melani (125)Mud Pie (125)Sperry (124)True Religion (123)Patricia Nash (121)Givenchy (120)kate spade new (116)Wacoal (114)Dior (113)Nautica (113)Guerlain (111)Murano (111)Born (110)Brahmin (108)Polo Ralph (108)TOMS (108)Naturalizer (107)Estee Lauder (104)Anna & Ava (103)Origins (101)Roundtree & Yorke (101)Brooks Brothers (100)Free People (98)Silver Jeans Co.  (98)The North (98)Bobbi (97)Hurley (96)Kate Landry (96)Preston & York (96)Roundtree (95)Wedgwood (95)Cole Haan (93)Converse (92)Gold Label Roundtree (92)Stride Rite (91)Johnston & Murphy (90)Armani Exchange (88)Elizabeth Arden (86)Fiesta (85)Laura (85)Antonio (82)Dooney & Bourke (82)Guess (82)Tommy (82)Nina (81) CategoryFashion (26,614)Clothing (1,714)Women's Clothing (1,357)Men's Clothing (157)Kid's Clothing (40)Luggage and Bags (679)Women's Luggage and Bags (356)Fashion Accessories (667)Men's Fashion Accessories (396)Women's Fashion Accessories (153)Shoes (41)Kid's Shoes (35)Home and Garden (5,758)Kitchen, Dining and Bar (1,422)Home Decor (1,339)Appliances (111)Gardening (20)Health and Beauty (4,355)Beauty (2,113)Jewelry and Watches (3,009)Jewelry (2,308)Watches (691)Not Available (1,176)Toys and Hobbies (645)Food and Drink (260)Standard Food (125)Travel (147)Cell Phones and Mobile (129)Mobile Device Accessories (30)Industrial and Supply (117)Pets (66)Family and Baby (47)Music and Musicians (39)Other (20)Sports and Fitness (20)Outdoor Apparel (14)Golfing (4)Automotive (12) RelatedDarksteelDestroyitDoaaler"Dralon®DanyaD IndustrialDunnageDr. FootDrew WinnieDreamweaver 



Dillards Inc. 42,414 results
Shop for dillards inc. products online and compare dillards inc. product prices on July 2017. Oterry: helping you find the best dillards inc. products at the best price online.







Image
Item
Price
Merchant
 Reset



  Chantelle High Impact Microfiber Sports Bra Brand: Chantelle Category: Fashion







 $72.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Under Armour Strappy-Back Studio Sports Bra Brand: Under Armour Category: Fashion







 $34.99 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   lucy Sun Salutation Bra Top Brand: lucy Category: Fashion







 $69.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Nanette Lepore Play Active Broken-In Tee Brand: Nanette Lepore Category: Fashion







 $38.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Carmen Marc Valvo Infusion Beaded Halter Jacquard Gown Brand: Carmen Marc Category: Fashion







 $368.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Adrianna Papell Off-The-Shoulder Jersey Bodice Ball Gown Brand: Adrianna Category: Fashion







 $219.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Xscape Faux Wrap Tulip Hem Midi Dress Brand: Xscape Category: Fashion







 $198.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Nanette Lepore Play Active Cotton Hand Mesh Hoodie Brand: Nanette Lepore Category: Fashion







 $48.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Alex Evenings Off-the-Shoulder Draped Dress Brand: Alex Evenings Category: Fashion







 $209.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Nike Power Legendary Capris Brand: Nike Category: Fashion







 $63.75 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Calvin Klein Performance Compression Waistband Legging Brand: Calvin Category: Fashion







 $59.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Leslie Fay Floral Embroidered Fit-and-Flare Dress Brand: Leslie Fay Category: Fashion







 $96.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Puma Yogini Live Bra Brand: Puma Category: Fashion







 $40.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Nike Power Legend Training Crop Brand: Nike Category: Fashion







 $60.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Half Moon by Modern Movement Active Strappy Bralette Brand: Modern Movement Category: Fashion







 $38.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Nike Power Legendary Training Capri Brand: Nike Category: Fashion







 $100.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Under Armour Tech Pant Brand: Under Armour Category: Fashion







 $44.99 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Puma Style Swagger 3/4 Leggings Brand: Puma Category: Fashion







 $30.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Gianni Bini Tonny Floral Embroidered Sheath Dress Brand: Gianni Category: Fashion







 $139.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Laundry by Shelli Segal Shirred Sheath Dress Brand: Shelli Category: Fashion







 $168.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   S.L. Fashions Sleeveless Lace Chiffon Tiered Sheath Dress Brand: S.L. Fashions Category: Fashion







 $74.25 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Under Armour Favorite Word Mark Capri Brand: Under Armour Category: Fashion







 $44.99 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Free People FP Movement Printed City Slicker Legging Category: Fashion







 $98.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Nike Dry Tempo Running Shorts Brand: Nike Category: Fashion







 $30.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Aidan Aidan Mattox Lace V-Neck Party Dress Brand: Aidan Aidan Category: Fashion







 $220.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   lucy Arise And Align Heathered Stripe Skort Brand: lucy Category: Fashion







 $65.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   lucy Dream On Short Sleeve Graphic Tee Brand: lucy Dream On Short Category: Fashion







 $29.25 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Belle Badgley Mischka River Floral Sequin Dress Brand: Belle Category: Fashion







 $249.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   SmartWool PhD Seamless Racerback Long Bra Brand: SmartWool Category: Fashion







 $80.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Nike Sportswear Essential Jersey Sleeveless Tank Brand: Nike Category: Fashion







 $35.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   The North Face Play Hard Tank Brand: The North Category: Fashion







 $18.75 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Nike Dry Training Tank Brand: Nike Category: Fashion







 $40.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Tahari ASL Sleeveless Printed Lace Trapeze Dress Brand: Tahari Category: Fashion







 $168.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Under Armour Threadborne Twist Logo Tee Brand: Under Armour Category: Fashion







 $32.99 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Kay Unger Bold Printed Mermaid Gown Brand: Kay Unger Category: Fashion







 $718.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Ivanka Trump Embroidered Jacquard Sheath Dress Brand: Ivanka Category: Fashion







 $158.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Leslie Fay Printed Halter Maxi Dress Brand: Leslie Fay Category: Fashion







 $128.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Calvin Klein Beaded Halter Chiffon Dress Brand: Calvin Klein Category: Fashion







 $168.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Jessica Howard Beaded-Neck Layered Dress Brand: Jessica Howard Category: Fashion







 $110.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Eva Franco V-Neck Brocade Dress Brand: Eva Franco Category: Fashion







 $228.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Foxiedox Berry Ruffle Lace A-Line Dress Brand: Foxiedox Category: Fashion







 $184.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Sangria Cap-Sleeve Lace Maxi Dress Category: Fashion







 $88.50 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Jax Lace Ruffle Hem Midi Dress Brand: Jax Category: Fashion







 $158.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   London Times Lace Trim Maxi Dress Brand: London Times Category: Fashion







 $73.50 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   S.L. Fashions Chain Neck Sleeveless Printed Maxi Dress Brand: S.L. Fashions Category: Fashion







 $74.25 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Calvin Klein Printed Halter Maxi Dress Brand: Calvin Klein Category: Fashion







 $96.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Donna Morgan Off-the-Shoulder Ruffle Hem Maxi Dress Brand: Donna Morgan Category: Fashion







 $158.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Chelsea & Violet V-Neck Sleeveless Chevron Maxi Dress Category: Fashion







 $158.00 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Eliza J Sleeveless Striped Tiered Maxi Dress Brand: Eliza J Category: Fashion







 $133.50 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare   Eliza J Scarf Print Maxi Dress Brand: Eliza J Category: Fashion







 $118.50 Dillards Inc. Add to Compare  



← Previous Next → 













×
Compare Items





Image
Item
Price
Merchant










 Compare  Empty












Dillard's - Wikipedia






















 






Dillard's

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Dillard's, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DDS
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Retail


Founded
1938; 79 years ago (1938)


Founder
William T. Dillard


Headquarters
Little Rock, Arkansas, U.S.



Number of locations

294 stores (Q3 2016)[1]



Area served

United States



Key people

William T. Dillard II (Chairman and CEO)
Alex Dillard (President)


Products
Clothing, footwear, bedding, furniture, jewelry, beauty products, and housewares.


Revenue
 US$ 6.754 billion (FY 2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$ 454 million (FY 2016)[3]



Net income

 US$ 269 million (FY 2016)[3]


Total assets
 US$ 3.865 billion (FY 2016)[3]


Total equity
 US$ 1.795 billion (FY 2016)[3]



Number of employees

21,600 (January 2016)[3]


Website
Dillards.com


Dillard's, Inc. is an American department store chain with 330 stores in 28 states, headquartered in Little Rock, Arkansas.[4] Dillard's locations are concentrated in Texas and Florida; with a major presence in other states.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Beginnings
1.2 Acquisitions and expansion
1.3 1990s acquisitions
1.4 Late 1990s
1.5 Recent events


2 Current operations
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
Dillard's is the outgrowth of a department store founded in 1938 by William T. Dillard; its corporate headquarters remain located at the eastern edge of Little Rock's Riverdale area, and many of its executives and directors are members of the Dillard family. The family still controls the company through its ownership of Class B Common Stock; the Class A common stock is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange.[5]




The exterior of a Dillard's flagship department store at Dallas' NorthPark Center.


Beginnings[edit]
Dillard sold the original five and dime store in Nashville, Arkansas, to develop a department store in Texarkana, Arkansas, initially as the minority partner in Wooten & Dillard. In 1956, Dillard led an investment group that acquired the Mayer & Schmidt store in Tyler, Texas. This store eventually took on the name "Dillard's Mayer & Schmidt" until 1974, when it was replaced with a mall-based location south of downtown Tyler.
In 1960, Dillard acquired and turned around the failing Brown-Duncan store in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The success of this turnaround was followed in late 1963 by acquiring the Joseph Pfeifer store in Little Rock, Arkansas, and in early 1964 acquiring the other main store in Little Rock, Gus Blass Co. Dillard used this as an opportunity to relocate his headquarters to Little Rock. In 1969, Dillard and his investors took Dillard Department Stores, Inc., public on the American Stock Exchange.
Thereafter, the chain expanded rapidly as an anchor in suburban shopping malls, and took advantage of market conditions to acquire smaller chains as well as its ability to turn around locations that other companies could not operate profitably.
Acquisitions and expansion[edit]
Expansion of the Dillard's chain increased rapidly during the 1970s, mainly through expanding into new malls being built in smaller cities in Texas. In 1971 five Texas units were acquired from Fedway, a division of Federated Department Stores (the stores were rebadged as Dillard's in 1972). In 1974 five Leonard's stores were acquired in Fort Worth, Texas, as well as a commitment to open a new downtown Fort Worth store at the Tandy Center (site of the original Leonard's). Also in 1974, the former Brown-Dunkin, Blass, Pfeifer and Mayer & Schmidt stores were fully renamed Dillard's.




Interior of a Dillard's store, Greensboro, North Carolina


The 1980s brought the purchase of many local chains. In 1982, Dillard's leased three units of the defunct Lowenstein's chain in Memphis, Tennessee. In early 1984, Dillard’s acquired 12 Stix, Baer & Fuller stores in St. Louis and Kansas City from Associated Dry Goods Corp., while in fall 1984 two department store divisions were purchased from Dayton-Hudson Corporation: Diamond's and John A. Brown, with locations in Arizona, Nevada and Oklahoma. Twelve stores in Kansas and Missouri belonging to R. H. Macy & Co.'s Midwest Division, which was later dissolved in 2006, were acquired in early 1986, while the three-unit Hemphill-Wells company in West Texas was purchased in the summer. The stores at Sunset Mall in San Angelo and South Plains Mall in Lubbock were both converted, while the third in downtown Lubbock was closed.[6]




Dillard's during the Christmas shopping season at Ingram Park Mall in San Antonio, Texas


In 1987, Dillard's purchased 26 of Joske's 27 stores in Texas and Arizona as well as the four unit Cain-Sloan chain in Nashville, Tennessee, from Allied Stores Corp. This deal gave Dillard's two major anchor locations at several malls in Texas and Arizona with many of the second locations being converted to a separate, expanded home and men's stores, a format that Dillard's utilized greatly, both to grow its store size cost effectively and to prevent competitors from gaining valuable real estate. Additionally the Joske's acquisition gave Dillard's entry into the Houston market.
Dillard's in 1988 acquired the former Selber Bros. clothing department store chain, founded in 1907 in Shreveport, Louisiana, which also had a few locations in Texas.[7]
In 1988, Dillard's purchased the three-unit Miller & Paine chain in Lincoln, Nebraska, as well as more significantly, a half-interest and operational control of The Higbee Co., based in Cleveland, Ohio, with partner Edward J. DeBartolo Corp. D. H. Holmes Co., Ltd., of New Orleans, was purchased in 1989, bringing 18 units primarily in Louisiana, as well two former Diamond's units in Tucson, Arizona.
1990s acquisitions[edit]
The Ivey's chain of 23 stores in Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina was acquired from BATUS in 1990. This was followed by the acquisition of eight Florida Gulf Coast stores from Maison Blanche Co. in 1991 (which had acquired them as Robinsons of Florida only a few years before). In 1992, the remaining interest in the Higbee's stores were acquired, as well as five Ohio stores from Horne's (as part of a legal settlement, Dillard's having canceled a 1988 deal to acquire the chain). Also in 1992, three stores from the Hess's chain liquidation (five other former Hess's were acquired in 1994), two E.M. Scarbrough's locations in Austin, Texas, two former Thalhimer's in South Carolina and Tennessee, a former Lord & Taylor store in Memphis, Tennessee and three former Belk-Lindsey stores in Florida were acquired by Dillard's. Except for two Belk of Columbia stores acquired in 1995, acquisitions were eschewed for several years until in early 1997 ten buildings in Florida were acquired from Mervyns, seven southern Virginia stores were purchased from Proffitt's (which had acquired them from Hess's in 1993), and the three suburban Macy's stores in Houston were absorbed.
Late 1990s[edit]
The deal-making culminated with the purchase of Mercantile Stores Co., Inc., in 1998. The purchase of this Fairfield, Ohio-based department store company brought several chains, including Bacon's, Castner Knott, de Lendrecie's, Gayfers, Glass Block, Hennessy's, J.B. White, Joslins, Lion Store, Maison Blanche, McAlpin's, Root's and The Jones Store. Dillard's sold 26 stores of the former Mercantile Stores to May Department Stores Co. and Saks Incorporated and traded an additional seven stores to Belk for nine of theirs in southern Virginia and Chattanooga, Tennessee. Overall this deal enabled Dillard's to enhance its position in several markets in the South, Midwest and Mountain states.
Also in 1998, the chain entered California, opening its first store in a former Weinstock's at Weberstown Mall in Stockton, California.[8] In 1999 Dillard's opened a store at Mall of Georgia near Atlanta, Georgia.
Recent events[edit]




Dillard’s in Fairview, Texas opened on March 10, 2010.


After the acquisition of Mercantile, Dillard's ceased expanding through acquisitions, although eight locations of the defunct Montgomery Ward in the Midwest, and four locations from ZCMI in Utah and Idaho were acquired in 2001.
In 2004, Dillard's store credit card operation, operated as Dillard's National Bank, was sold to GE Money Bank. Customers can now be issued Dillard's/American Express cards as well the traditional Dillard's store charge. These cards can be used at any store that accepts the American Express brand.
In 2005 Dillard's opened a store at Atlantic Station in Atlanta, Georgia.
In 2008, Dillard's closed their travel agency, Dillard's Travel, alongside all in-store locations due to economic conditions. Dillard's Travel previously operated in 43 of the 318 stores.[9][10]
Current operations[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Dillard's.






Map of Dillard's locations


The chain continues to expand and has recently added stores in non-traditional mall shopping centers. Currently, the largest Dillard's store at 365,000 square feet (33,000 m²) is located at Scottsdale Fashion Square, an enclosed super-regional mall in Scottsdale, Arizona. Within the Dallas area, the chain has two flagship stores with a 299,000-square-foot (27,800 m2) store at the Northpark Center in Dallas and a 310,000-square-foot (29,000 m2) store at the North East Mall in Hurst.[11] Its flagship store in the East Coast region, at 260,000 square feet (24,000 m2), is located in the MacArthur Center in downtown Norfolk, Virginia. The home store for the chain is in Little Rock; the divided store is located in the trend-conscious Park Plaza Mall, one of the city's oldest continuously operating shopping centers in its midtown section.
In several "upper-scale" locations - like Simon Malls-owned Midland Park Mall, Texas, or in locations where another acquired store existed before the merger, Dillards operates both Men's and Women's stores; both are located within the same mall but in separate, distinct "anchor" (locations). Dillard's also maintains separate Men's and Women's anchor stores at Cielo Vista Mall and Sunland Park Mall, both in El Paso, Texas; the Mall of Abilene in Abilene, Tx; the Battlefield Mall in Springfield, Missouri; Melbourne Square Mall in Melbourne, Florida; Mall of Louisiana in Baton Rouge, Louisiana; First Colony Mall in Sugar Land, Texas (suburban Houston); South Plains Mall in Lubbock, TX; Westgate Mall in Amarillo, TX; Golden Triangle Mall in Denton, TX; Central Mall in Fort Smith, Arkansas; Lakeline Mall in Cedar Park, Texas (suburban Austin); Great Lakes Mall in Mentor, Ohio, (suburban Cleveland); Oak Park Mall in Overland Park, Kansas (suburban Kansas City); Towne West Square in Wichita, Kansas; Sikes Senter Mall in Wichita Falls, TX; Penn Square Mall in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Northpark Mall in Ridgeland, Mississippi; and the Frontier Mall in Cheyenne, Wyoming. The two Great Lakes Mall stores, however, have since consolidated into one, with the other, located around the corner from the Macy's, sitting empty with signs redirecting customers to the consolidated store.
At Volusia Mall in Daytona Beach, Florida, Dillard's operates three separate two-story buildings: Dillard's East, a men's/home store; Dillard's South, a children's/juniors store; and Dillard's West, a women's store.[12]
References[edit]



^ Dillard's Brand. Accessed: 26 November 2016
^ "2016 Form 10-K, Dillard's, Inc.". TagniFi. 
^ a b c d e "2010 Form 10-K, Dillard's, Inc.". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Dillard's Investor Relations". Dillard's. Archived from the original on 2007-02-11. Retrieved 2007-03-09. 
^ "Dillard's Proxy statement". 
^ Laughlin, Lee (16 July 1986). "Hemphill-Wells, dep't store chain, bought by Dillard's". Daily News Record. Retrieved 18 November 2013. 
^ "Aaron Selber". The Shreveport Times. Retrieved August 14, 2013. 
^ Hood, Jeff (20 April 1998). "Dillard's settling in". RecordNet.com. Retrieved 13 January 2014. 
^ "Dilliard's Closes Travel Agency, To Affect 160 Employees". 
^ "Dillard's Travel is closed". 
^ "Dillard's - Tarrant, TX 76053". USA BIZ DIR. USABIZDIR. Retrieved 18 March 2016. 
^ Simon Property Group, L.P. "Simon". 



External links[edit]


Arkansas portal
Companies portal



Dillard's Official Website (Mobile)
Dillard's Company History
More Dillard's History from NYJobSource







v
t
e


Store conversions to Dillard's






2002
Zions Cooperative Mercantile Institution
1998
Bacon's
Castner Knott
Gayfers
Hennessy's
J.B. White
Joslins
Lion Store
Maison Blanche
McAlpin's
1992
Higbee's
Joseph Horne Company
Hess's
1990
Ivey's
1989
D. H. Holmes
1987
Joske's
Cain-Sloan
1985
Macy's Missouri-Kansas
1984
Stix Baer & Fuller
Diamond's
John A. Brown










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dillard%27s&oldid=791923795"					
Categories: Companies based in Little Rock, ArkansasEconomy of the Southeastern United StatesCulture of the Western United StatesEconomy of the Western United StatesClothing retailers of the United StatesDepartment stores of the United StatesCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeRetail companies established in 19381938 establishments in ArkansasHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةDeutschفارسیTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 09:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Dillard's - Wikipedia






















 






Dillard's

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Dillard's, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DDS
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Retail


Founded
1938; 79 years ago (1938)


Founder
William T. Dillard


Headquarters
Little Rock, Arkansas, U.S.



Number of locations

294 stores (Q3 2016)[1]



Area served

United States



Key people

William T. Dillard II (Chairman and CEO)
Alex Dillard (President)


Products
Clothing, footwear, bedding, furniture, jewelry, beauty products, and housewares.


Revenue
 US$ 6.754 billion (FY 2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$ 454 million (FY 2016)[3]



Net income

 US$ 269 million (FY 2016)[3]


Total assets
 US$ 3.865 billion (FY 2016)[3]


Total equity
 US$ 1.795 billion (FY 2016)[3]



Number of employees

21,600 (January 2016)[3]


Website
Dillards.com


Dillard's, Inc. is an American department store chain with 330 stores in 28 states, headquartered in Little Rock, Arkansas.[4] Dillard's locations are concentrated in Texas and Florida; with a major presence in other states.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Beginnings
1.2 Acquisitions and expansion
1.3 1990s acquisitions
1.4 Late 1990s
1.5 Recent events


2 Current operations
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
Dillard's is the outgrowth of a department store founded in 1938 by William T. Dillard; its corporate headquarters remain located at the eastern edge of Little Rock's Riverdale area, and many of its executives and directors are members of the Dillard family. The family still controls the company through its ownership of Class B Common Stock; the Class A common stock is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange.[5]




The exterior of a Dillard's flagship department store at Dallas' NorthPark Center.


Beginnings[edit]
Dillard sold the original five and dime store in Nashville, Arkansas, to develop a department store in Texarkana, Arkansas, initially as the minority partner in Wooten & Dillard. In 1956, Dillard led an investment group that acquired the Mayer & Schmidt store in Tyler, Texas. This store eventually took on the name "Dillard's Mayer & Schmidt" until 1974, when it was replaced with a mall-based location south of downtown Tyler.
In 1960, Dillard acquired and turned around the failing Brown-Duncan store in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The success of this turnaround was followed in late 1963 by acquiring the Joseph Pfeifer store in Little Rock, Arkansas, and in early 1964 acquiring the other main store in Little Rock, Gus Blass Co. Dillard used this as an opportunity to relocate his headquarters to Little Rock. In 1969, Dillard and his investors took Dillard Department Stores, Inc., public on the American Stock Exchange.
Thereafter, the chain expanded rapidly as an anchor in suburban shopping malls, and took advantage of market conditions to acquire smaller chains as well as its ability to turn around locations that other companies could not operate profitably.
Acquisitions and expansion[edit]
Expansion of the Dillard's chain increased rapidly during the 1970s, mainly through expanding into new malls being built in smaller cities in Texas. In 1971 five Texas units were acquired from Fedway, a division of Federated Department Stores (the stores were rebadged as Dillard's in 1972). In 1974 five Leonard's stores were acquired in Fort Worth, Texas, as well as a commitment to open a new downtown Fort Worth store at the Tandy Center (site of the original Leonard's). Also in 1974, the former Brown-Dunkin, Blass, Pfeifer and Mayer & Schmidt stores were fully renamed Dillard's.




Interior of a Dillard's store, Greensboro, North Carolina


The 1980s brought the purchase of many local chains. In 1982, Dillard's leased three units of the defunct Lowenstein's chain in Memphis, Tennessee. In early 1984, Dillard’s acquired 12 Stix, Baer & Fuller stores in St. Louis and Kansas City from Associated Dry Goods Corp., while in fall 1984 two department store divisions were purchased from Dayton-Hudson Corporation: Diamond's and John A. Brown, with locations in Arizona, Nevada and Oklahoma. Twelve stores in Kansas and Missouri belonging to R. H. Macy & Co.'s Midwest Division, which was later dissolved in 2006, were acquired in early 1986, while the three-unit Hemphill-Wells company in West Texas was purchased in the summer. The stores at Sunset Mall in San Angelo and South Plains Mall in Lubbock were both converted, while the third in downtown Lubbock was closed.[6]




Dillard's during the Christmas shopping season at Ingram Park Mall in San Antonio, Texas


In 1987, Dillard's purchased 26 of Joske's 27 stores in Texas and Arizona as well as the four unit Cain-Sloan chain in Nashville, Tennessee, from Allied Stores Corp. This deal gave Dillard's two major anchor locations at several malls in Texas and Arizona with many of the second locations being converted to a separate, expanded home and men's stores, a format that Dillard's utilized greatly, both to grow its store size cost effectively and to prevent competitors from gaining valuable real estate. Additionally the Joske's acquisition gave Dillard's entry into the Houston market.
Dillard's in 1988 acquired the former Selber Bros. clothing department store chain, founded in 1907 in Shreveport, Louisiana, which also had a few locations in Texas.[7]
In 1988, Dillard's purchased the three-unit Miller & Paine chain in Lincoln, Nebraska, as well as more significantly, a half-interest and operational control of The Higbee Co., based in Cleveland, Ohio, with partner Edward J. DeBartolo Corp. D. H. Holmes Co., Ltd., of New Orleans, was purchased in 1989, bringing 18 units primarily in Louisiana, as well two former Diamond's units in Tucson, Arizona.
1990s acquisitions[edit]
The Ivey's chain of 23 stores in Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina was acquired from BATUS in 1990. This was followed by the acquisition of eight Florida Gulf Coast stores from Maison Blanche Co. in 1991 (which had acquired them as Robinsons of Florida only a few years before). In 1992, the remaining interest in the Higbee's stores were acquired, as well as five Ohio stores from Horne's (as part of a legal settlement, Dillard's having canceled a 1988 deal to acquire the chain). Also in 1992, three stores from the Hess's chain liquidation (five other former Hess's were acquired in 1994), two E.M. Scarbrough's locations in Austin, Texas, two former Thalhimer's in South Carolina and Tennessee, a former Lord & Taylor store in Memphis, Tennessee and three former Belk-Lindsey stores in Florida were acquired by Dillard's. Except for two Belk of Columbia stores acquired in 1995, acquisitions were eschewed for several years until in early 1997 ten buildings in Florida were acquired from Mervyns, seven southern Virginia stores were purchased from Proffitt's (which had acquired them from Hess's in 1993), and the three suburban Macy's stores in Houston were absorbed.
Late 1990s[edit]
The deal-making culminated with the purchase of Mercantile Stores Co., Inc., in 1998. The purchase of this Fairfield, Ohio-based department store company brought several chains, including Bacon's, Castner Knott, de Lendrecie's, Gayfers, Glass Block, Hennessy's, J.B. White, Joslins, Lion Store, Maison Blanche, McAlpin's, Root's and The Jones Store. Dillard's sold 26 stores of the former Mercantile Stores to May Department Stores Co. and Saks Incorporated and traded an additional seven stores to Belk for nine of theirs in southern Virginia and Chattanooga, Tennessee. Overall this deal enabled Dillard's to enhance its position in several markets in the South, Midwest and Mountain states.
Also in 1998, the chain entered California, opening its first store in a former Weinstock's at Weberstown Mall in Stockton, California.[8] In 1999 Dillard's opened a store at Mall of Georgia near Atlanta, Georgia.
Recent events[edit]




Dillard’s in Fairview, Texas opened on March 10, 2010.


After the acquisition of Mercantile, Dillard's ceased expanding through acquisitions, although eight locations of the defunct Montgomery Ward in the Midwest, and four locations from ZCMI in Utah and Idaho were acquired in 2001.
In 2004, Dillard's store credit card operation, operated as Dillard's National Bank, was sold to GE Money Bank. Customers can now be issued Dillard's/American Express cards as well the traditional Dillard's store charge. These cards can be used at any store that accepts the American Express brand.
In 2005 Dillard's opened a store at Atlantic Station in Atlanta, Georgia.
In 2008, Dillard's closed their travel agency, Dillard's Travel, alongside all in-store locations due to economic conditions. Dillard's Travel previously operated in 43 of the 318 stores.[9][10]
Current operations[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Dillard's.






Map of Dillard's locations


The chain continues to expand and has recently added stores in non-traditional mall shopping centers. Currently, the largest Dillard's store at 365,000 square feet (33,000 m²) is located at Scottsdale Fashion Square, an enclosed super-regional mall in Scottsdale, Arizona. Within the Dallas area, the chain has two flagship stores with a 299,000-square-foot (27,800 m2) store at the Northpark Center in Dallas and a 310,000-square-foot (29,000 m2) store at the North East Mall in Hurst.[11] Its flagship store in the East Coast region, at 260,000 square feet (24,000 m2), is located in the MacArthur Center in downtown Norfolk, Virginia. The home store for the chain is in Little Rock; the divided store is located in the trend-conscious Park Plaza Mall, one of the city's oldest continuously operating shopping centers in its midtown section.
In several "upper-scale" locations - like Simon Malls-owned Midland Park Mall, Texas, or in locations where another acquired store existed before the merger, Dillards operates both Men's and Women's stores; both are located within the same mall but in separate, distinct "anchor" (locations). Dillard's also maintains separate Men's and Women's anchor stores at Cielo Vista Mall and Sunland Park Mall, both in El Paso, Texas; the Mall of Abilene in Abilene, Tx; the Battlefield Mall in Springfield, Missouri; Melbourne Square Mall in Melbourne, Florida; Mall of Louisiana in Baton Rouge, Louisiana; First Colony Mall in Sugar Land, Texas (suburban Houston); South Plains Mall in Lubbock, TX; Westgate Mall in Amarillo, TX; Golden Triangle Mall in Denton, TX; Central Mall in Fort Smith, Arkansas; Lakeline Mall in Cedar Park, Texas (suburban Austin); Great Lakes Mall in Mentor, Ohio, (suburban Cleveland); Oak Park Mall in Overland Park, Kansas (suburban Kansas City); Towne West Square in Wichita, Kansas; Sikes Senter Mall in Wichita Falls, TX; Penn Square Mall in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Northpark Mall in Ridgeland, Mississippi; and the Frontier Mall in Cheyenne, Wyoming. The two Great Lakes Mall stores, however, have since consolidated into one, with the other, located around the corner from the Macy's, sitting empty with signs redirecting customers to the consolidated store.
At Volusia Mall in Daytona Beach, Florida, Dillard's operates three separate two-story buildings: Dillard's East, a men's/home store; Dillard's South, a children's/juniors store; and Dillard's West, a women's store.[12]
References[edit]



^ Dillard's Brand. Accessed: 26 November 2016
^ "2016 Form 10-K, Dillard's, Inc.". TagniFi. 
^ a b c d e "2010 Form 10-K, Dillard's, Inc.". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Dillard's Investor Relations". Dillard's. Archived from the original on 2007-02-11. Retrieved 2007-03-09. 
^ "Dillard's Proxy statement". 
^ Laughlin, Lee (16 July 1986). "Hemphill-Wells, dep't store chain, bought by Dillard's". Daily News Record. Retrieved 18 November 2013. 
^ "Aaron Selber". The Shreveport Times. Retrieved August 14, 2013. 
^ Hood, Jeff (20 April 1998). "Dillard's settling in". RecordNet.com. Retrieved 13 January 2014. 
^ "Dilliard's Closes Travel Agency, To Affect 160 Employees". 
^ "Dillard's Travel is closed". 
^ "Dillard's - Tarrant, TX 76053". USA BIZ DIR. USABIZDIR. Retrieved 18 March 2016. 
^ Simon Property Group, L.P. "Simon". 



External links[edit]


Arkansas portal
Companies portal



Dillard's Official Website (Mobile)
Dillard's Company History
More Dillard's History from NYJobSource







v
t
e


Store conversions to Dillard's






2002
Zions Cooperative Mercantile Institution
1998
Bacon's
Castner Knott
Gayfers
Hennessy's
J.B. White
Joslins
Lion Store
Maison Blanche
McAlpin's
1992
Higbee's
Joseph Horne Company
Hess's
1990
Ivey's
1989
D. H. Holmes
1987
Joske's
Cain-Sloan
1985
Macy's Missouri-Kansas
1984
Stix Baer & Fuller
Diamond's
John A. Brown










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dillard%27s&oldid=791923795"					
Categories: Companies based in Little Rock, ArkansasEconomy of the Southeastern United StatesCulture of the Western United StatesEconomy of the Western United StatesClothing retailers of the United StatesDepartment stores of the United StatesCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeRetail companies established in 19381938 establishments in ArkansasHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةDeutschفارسیTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 09:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Dillard's - Wikipedia






















 






Dillard's

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Dillard's, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DDS
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Retail


Founded
1938; 79 years ago (1938)


Founder
William T. Dillard


Headquarters
Little Rock, Arkansas, U.S.



Number of locations

294 stores (Q3 2016)[1]



Area served

United States



Key people

William T. Dillard II (Chairman and CEO)
Alex Dillard (President)


Products
Clothing, footwear, bedding, furniture, jewelry, beauty products, and housewares.


Revenue
 US$ 6.754 billion (FY 2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$ 454 million (FY 2016)[3]



Net income

 US$ 269 million (FY 2016)[3]


Total assets
 US$ 3.865 billion (FY 2016)[3]


Total equity
 US$ 1.795 billion (FY 2016)[3]



Number of employees

21,600 (January 2016)[3]


Website
Dillards.com


Dillard's, Inc. is an American department store chain with 330 stores in 28 states, headquartered in Little Rock, Arkansas.[4] Dillard's locations are concentrated in Texas and Florida; with a major presence in other states.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Beginnings
1.2 Acquisitions and expansion
1.3 1990s acquisitions
1.4 Late 1990s
1.5 Recent events


2 Current operations
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
Dillard's is the outgrowth of a department store founded in 1938 by William T. Dillard; its corporate headquarters remain located at the eastern edge of Little Rock's Riverdale area, and many of its executives and directors are members of the Dillard family. The family still controls the company through its ownership of Class B Common Stock; the Class A common stock is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange.[5]




The exterior of a Dillard's flagship department store at Dallas' NorthPark Center.


Beginnings[edit]
Dillard sold the original five and dime store in Nashville, Arkansas, to develop a department store in Texarkana, Arkansas, initially as the minority partner in Wooten & Dillard. In 1956, Dillard led an investment group that acquired the Mayer & Schmidt store in Tyler, Texas. This store eventually took on the name "Dillard's Mayer & Schmidt" until 1974, when it was replaced with a mall-based location south of downtown Tyler.
In 1960, Dillard acquired and turned around the failing Brown-Duncan store in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The success of this turnaround was followed in late 1963 by acquiring the Joseph Pfeifer store in Little Rock, Arkansas, and in early 1964 acquiring the other main store in Little Rock, Gus Blass Co. Dillard used this as an opportunity to relocate his headquarters to Little Rock. In 1969, Dillard and his investors took Dillard Department Stores, Inc., public on the American Stock Exchange.
Thereafter, the chain expanded rapidly as an anchor in suburban shopping malls, and took advantage of market conditions to acquire smaller chains as well as its ability to turn around locations that other companies could not operate profitably.
Acquisitions and expansion[edit]
Expansion of the Dillard's chain increased rapidly during the 1970s, mainly through expanding into new malls being built in smaller cities in Texas. In 1971 five Texas units were acquired from Fedway, a division of Federated Department Stores (the stores were rebadged as Dillard's in 1972). In 1974 five Leonard's stores were acquired in Fort Worth, Texas, as well as a commitment to open a new downtown Fort Worth store at the Tandy Center (site of the original Leonard's). Also in 1974, the former Brown-Dunkin, Blass, Pfeifer and Mayer & Schmidt stores were fully renamed Dillard's.




Interior of a Dillard's store, Greensboro, North Carolina


The 1980s brought the purchase of many local chains. In 1982, Dillard's leased three units of the defunct Lowenstein's chain in Memphis, Tennessee. In early 1984, Dillard’s acquired 12 Stix, Baer & Fuller stores in St. Louis and Kansas City from Associated Dry Goods Corp., while in fall 1984 two department store divisions were purchased from Dayton-Hudson Corporation: Diamond's and John A. Brown, with locations in Arizona, Nevada and Oklahoma. Twelve stores in Kansas and Missouri belonging to R. H. Macy & Co.'s Midwest Division, which was later dissolved in 2006, were acquired in early 1986, while the three-unit Hemphill-Wells company in West Texas was purchased in the summer. The stores at Sunset Mall in San Angelo and South Plains Mall in Lubbock were both converted, while the third in downtown Lubbock was closed.[6]




Dillard's during the Christmas shopping season at Ingram Park Mall in San Antonio, Texas


In 1987, Dillard's purchased 26 of Joske's 27 stores in Texas and Arizona as well as the four unit Cain-Sloan chain in Nashville, Tennessee, from Allied Stores Corp. This deal gave Dillard's two major anchor locations at several malls in Texas and Arizona with many of the second locations being converted to a separate, expanded home and men's stores, a format that Dillard's utilized greatly, both to grow its store size cost effectively and to prevent competitors from gaining valuable real estate. Additionally the Joske's acquisition gave Dillard's entry into the Houston market.
Dillard's in 1988 acquired the former Selber Bros. clothing department store chain, founded in 1907 in Shreveport, Louisiana, which also had a few locations in Texas.[7]
In 1988, Dillard's purchased the three-unit Miller & Paine chain in Lincoln, Nebraska, as well as more significantly, a half-interest and operational control of The Higbee Co., based in Cleveland, Ohio, with partner Edward J. DeBartolo Corp. D. H. Holmes Co., Ltd., of New Orleans, was purchased in 1989, bringing 18 units primarily in Louisiana, as well two former Diamond's units in Tucson, Arizona.
1990s acquisitions[edit]
The Ivey's chain of 23 stores in Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina was acquired from BATUS in 1990. This was followed by the acquisition of eight Florida Gulf Coast stores from Maison Blanche Co. in 1991 (which had acquired them as Robinsons of Florida only a few years before). In 1992, the remaining interest in the Higbee's stores were acquired, as well as five Ohio stores from Horne's (as part of a legal settlement, Dillard's having canceled a 1988 deal to acquire the chain). Also in 1992, three stores from the Hess's chain liquidation (five other former Hess's were acquired in 1994), two E.M. Scarbrough's locations in Austin, Texas, two former Thalhimer's in South Carolina and Tennessee, a former Lord & Taylor store in Memphis, Tennessee and three former Belk-Lindsey stores in Florida were acquired by Dillard's. Except for two Belk of Columbia stores acquired in 1995, acquisitions were eschewed for several years until in early 1997 ten buildings in Florida were acquired from Mervyns, seven southern Virginia stores were purchased from Proffitt's (which had acquired them from Hess's in 1993), and the three suburban Macy's stores in Houston were absorbed.
Late 1990s[edit]
The deal-making culminated with the purchase of Mercantile Stores Co., Inc., in 1998. The purchase of this Fairfield, Ohio-based department store company brought several chains, including Bacon's, Castner Knott, de Lendrecie's, Gayfers, Glass Block, Hennessy's, J.B. White, Joslins, Lion Store, Maison Blanche, McAlpin's, Root's and The Jones Store. Dillard's sold 26 stores of the former Mercantile Stores to May Department Stores Co. and Saks Incorporated and traded an additional seven stores to Belk for nine of theirs in southern Virginia and Chattanooga, Tennessee. Overall this deal enabled Dillard's to enhance its position in several markets in the South, Midwest and Mountain states.
Also in 1998, the chain entered California, opening its first store in a former Weinstock's at Weberstown Mall in Stockton, California.[8] In 1999 Dillard's opened a store at Mall of Georgia near Atlanta, Georgia.
Recent events[edit]




Dillard’s in Fairview, Texas opened on March 10, 2010.


After the acquisition of Mercantile, Dillard's ceased expanding through acquisitions, although eight locations of the defunct Montgomery Ward in the Midwest, and four locations from ZCMI in Utah and Idaho were acquired in 2001.
In 2004, Dillard's store credit card operation, operated as Dillard's National Bank, was sold to GE Money Bank. Customers can now be issued Dillard's/American Express cards as well the traditional Dillard's store charge. These cards can be used at any store that accepts the American Express brand.
In 2005 Dillard's opened a store at Atlantic Station in Atlanta, Georgia.
In 2008, Dillard's closed their travel agency, Dillard's Travel, alongside all in-store locations due to economic conditions. Dillard's Travel previously operated in 43 of the 318 stores.[9][10]
Current operations[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Dillard's.






Map of Dillard's locations


The chain continues to expand and has recently added stores in non-traditional mall shopping centers. Currently, the largest Dillard's store at 365,000 square feet (33,000 m²) is located at Scottsdale Fashion Square, an enclosed super-regional mall in Scottsdale, Arizona. Within the Dallas area, the chain has two flagship stores with a 299,000-square-foot (27,800 m2) store at the Northpark Center in Dallas and a 310,000-square-foot (29,000 m2) store at the North East Mall in Hurst.[11] Its flagship store in the East Coast region, at 260,000 square feet (24,000 m2), is located in the MacArthur Center in downtown Norfolk, Virginia. The home store for the chain is in Little Rock; the divided store is located in the trend-conscious Park Plaza Mall, one of the city's oldest continuously operating shopping centers in its midtown section.
In several "upper-scale" locations - like Simon Malls-owned Midland Park Mall, Texas, or in locations where another acquired store existed before the merger, Dillards operates both Men's and Women's stores; both are located within the same mall but in separate, distinct "anchor" (locations). Dillard's also maintains separate Men's and Women's anchor stores at Cielo Vista Mall and Sunland Park Mall, both in El Paso, Texas; the Mall of Abilene in Abilene, Tx; the Battlefield Mall in Springfield, Missouri; Melbourne Square Mall in Melbourne, Florida; Mall of Louisiana in Baton Rouge, Louisiana; First Colony Mall in Sugar Land, Texas (suburban Houston); South Plains Mall in Lubbock, TX; Westgate Mall in Amarillo, TX; Golden Triangle Mall in Denton, TX; Central Mall in Fort Smith, Arkansas; Lakeline Mall in Cedar Park, Texas (suburban Austin); Great Lakes Mall in Mentor, Ohio, (suburban Cleveland); Oak Park Mall in Overland Park, Kansas (suburban Kansas City); Towne West Square in Wichita, Kansas; Sikes Senter Mall in Wichita Falls, TX; Penn Square Mall in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Northpark Mall in Ridgeland, Mississippi; and the Frontier Mall in Cheyenne, Wyoming. The two Great Lakes Mall stores, however, have since consolidated into one, with the other, located around the corner from the Macy's, sitting empty with signs redirecting customers to the consolidated store.
At Volusia Mall in Daytona Beach, Florida, Dillard's operates three separate two-story buildings: Dillard's East, a men's/home store; Dillard's South, a children's/juniors store; and Dillard's West, a women's store.[12]
References[edit]



^ Dillard's Brand. Accessed: 26 November 2016
^ "2016 Form 10-K, Dillard's, Inc.". TagniFi. 
^ a b c d e "2010 Form 10-K, Dillard's, Inc.". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Dillard's Investor Relations". Dillard's. Archived from the original on 2007-02-11. Retrieved 2007-03-09. 
^ "Dillard's Proxy statement". 
^ Laughlin, Lee (16 July 1986). "Hemphill-Wells, dep't store chain, bought by Dillard's". Daily News Record. Retrieved 18 November 2013. 
^ "Aaron Selber". The Shreveport Times. Retrieved August 14, 2013. 
^ Hood, Jeff (20 April 1998). "Dillard's settling in". RecordNet.com. Retrieved 13 January 2014. 
^ "Dilliard's Closes Travel Agency, To Affect 160 Employees". 
^ "Dillard's Travel is closed". 
^ "Dillard's - Tarrant, TX 76053". USA BIZ DIR. USABIZDIR. Retrieved 18 March 2016. 
^ Simon Property Group, L.P. "Simon". 



External links[edit]


Arkansas portal
Companies portal



Dillard's Official Website (Mobile)
Dillard's Company History
More Dillard's History from NYJobSource







v
t
e


Store conversions to Dillard's






2002
Zions Cooperative Mercantile Institution
1998
Bacon's
Castner Knott
Gayfers
Hennessy's
J.B. White
Joslins
Lion Store
Maison Blanche
McAlpin's
1992
Higbee's
Joseph Horne Company
Hess's
1990
Ivey's
1989
D. H. Holmes
1987
Joske's
Cain-Sloan
1985
Macy's Missouri-Kansas
1984
Stix Baer & Fuller
Diamond's
John A. Brown










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dillard%27s&oldid=791923795"					
Categories: Companies based in Little Rock, ArkansasEconomy of the Southeastern United StatesCulture of the Western United StatesEconomy of the Western United StatesClothing retailers of the United StatesDepartment stores of the United StatesCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeRetail companies established in 19381938 establishments in ArkansasHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةDeutschفارسیTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 09:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Dillard's - Wikipedia






















 






Dillard's

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Dillard's, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DDS
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Retail


Founded
1938; 79 years ago (1938)


Founder
William T. Dillard


Headquarters
Little Rock, Arkansas, U.S.



Number of locations

294 stores (Q3 2016)[1]



Area served

United States



Key people

William T. Dillard II (Chairman and CEO)
Alex Dillard (President)


Products
Clothing, footwear, bedding, furniture, jewelry, beauty products, and housewares.


Revenue
 US$ 6.754 billion (FY 2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$ 454 million (FY 2016)[3]



Net income

 US$ 269 million (FY 2016)[3]


Total assets
 US$ 3.865 billion (FY 2016)[3]


Total equity
 US$ 1.795 billion (FY 2016)[3]



Number of employees

21,600 (January 2016)[3]


Website
Dillards.com


Dillard's, Inc. is an American department store chain with 330 stores in 28 states, headquartered in Little Rock, Arkansas.[4] Dillard's locations are concentrated in Texas and Florida; with a major presence in other states.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Beginnings
1.2 Acquisitions and expansion
1.3 1990s acquisitions
1.4 Late 1990s
1.5 Recent events


2 Current operations
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
Dillard's is the outgrowth of a department store founded in 1938 by William T. Dillard; its corporate headquarters remain located at the eastern edge of Little Rock's Riverdale area, and many of its executives and directors are members of the Dillard family. The family still controls the company through its ownership of Class B Common Stock; the Class A common stock is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange.[5]




The exterior of a Dillard's flagship department store at Dallas' NorthPark Center.


Beginnings[edit]
Dillard sold the original five and dime store in Nashville, Arkansas, to develop a department store in Texarkana, Arkansas, initially as the minority partner in Wooten & Dillard. In 1956, Dillard led an investment group that acquired the Mayer & Schmidt store in Tyler, Texas. This store eventually took on the name "Dillard's Mayer & Schmidt" until 1974, when it was replaced with a mall-based location south of downtown Tyler.
In 1960, Dillard acquired and turned around the failing Brown-Duncan store in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The success of this turnaround was followed in late 1963 by acquiring the Joseph Pfeifer store in Little Rock, Arkansas, and in early 1964 acquiring the other main store in Little Rock, Gus Blass Co. Dillard used this as an opportunity to relocate his headquarters to Little Rock. In 1969, Dillard and his investors took Dillard Department Stores, Inc., public on the American Stock Exchange.
Thereafter, the chain expanded rapidly as an anchor in suburban shopping malls, and took advantage of market conditions to acquire smaller chains as well as its ability to turn around locations that other companies could not operate profitably.
Acquisitions and expansion[edit]
Expansion of the Dillard's chain increased rapidly during the 1970s, mainly through expanding into new malls being built in smaller cities in Texas. In 1971 five Texas units were acquired from Fedway, a division of Federated Department Stores (the stores were rebadged as Dillard's in 1972). In 1974 five Leonard's stores were acquired in Fort Worth, Texas, as well as a commitment to open a new downtown Fort Worth store at the Tandy Center (site of the original Leonard's). Also in 1974, the former Brown-Dunkin, Blass, Pfeifer and Mayer & Schmidt stores were fully renamed Dillard's.




Interior of a Dillard's store, Greensboro, North Carolina


The 1980s brought the purchase of many local chains. In 1982, Dillard's leased three units of the defunct Lowenstein's chain in Memphis, Tennessee. In early 1984, Dillard’s acquired 12 Stix, Baer & Fuller stores in St. Louis and Kansas City from Associated Dry Goods Corp., while in fall 1984 two department store divisions were purchased from Dayton-Hudson Corporation: Diamond's and John A. Brown, with locations in Arizona, Nevada and Oklahoma. Twelve stores in Kansas and Missouri belonging to R. H. Macy & Co.'s Midwest Division, which was later dissolved in 2006, were acquired in early 1986, while the three-unit Hemphill-Wells company in West Texas was purchased in the summer. The stores at Sunset Mall in San Angelo and South Plains Mall in Lubbock were both converted, while the third in downtown Lubbock was closed.[6]




Dillard's during the Christmas shopping season at Ingram Park Mall in San Antonio, Texas


In 1987, Dillard's purchased 26 of Joske's 27 stores in Texas and Arizona as well as the four unit Cain-Sloan chain in Nashville, Tennessee, from Allied Stores Corp. This deal gave Dillard's two major anchor locations at several malls in Texas and Arizona with many of the second locations being converted to a separate, expanded home and men's stores, a format that Dillard's utilized greatly, both to grow its store size cost effectively and to prevent competitors from gaining valuable real estate. Additionally the Joske's acquisition gave Dillard's entry into the Houston market.
Dillard's in 1988 acquired the former Selber Bros. clothing department store chain, founded in 1907 in Shreveport, Louisiana, which also had a few locations in Texas.[7]
In 1988, Dillard's purchased the three-unit Miller & Paine chain in Lincoln, Nebraska, as well as more significantly, a half-interest and operational control of The Higbee Co., based in Cleveland, Ohio, with partner Edward J. DeBartolo Corp. D. H. Holmes Co., Ltd., of New Orleans, was purchased in 1989, bringing 18 units primarily in Louisiana, as well two former Diamond's units in Tucson, Arizona.
1990s acquisitions[edit]
The Ivey's chain of 23 stores in Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina was acquired from BATUS in 1990. This was followed by the acquisition of eight Florida Gulf Coast stores from Maison Blanche Co. in 1991 (which had acquired them as Robinsons of Florida only a few years before). In 1992, the remaining interest in the Higbee's stores were acquired, as well as five Ohio stores from Horne's (as part of a legal settlement, Dillard's having canceled a 1988 deal to acquire the chain). Also in 1992, three stores from the Hess's chain liquidation (five other former Hess's were acquired in 1994), two E.M. Scarbrough's locations in Austin, Texas, two former Thalhimer's in South Carolina and Tennessee, a former Lord & Taylor store in Memphis, Tennessee and three former Belk-Lindsey stores in Florida were acquired by Dillard's. Except for two Belk of Columbia stores acquired in 1995, acquisitions were eschewed for several years until in early 1997 ten buildings in Florida were acquired from Mervyns, seven southern Virginia stores were purchased from Proffitt's (which had acquired them from Hess's in 1993), and the three suburban Macy's stores in Houston were absorbed.
Late 1990s[edit]
The deal-making culminated with the purchase of Mercantile Stores Co., Inc., in 1998. The purchase of this Fairfield, Ohio-based department store company brought several chains, including Bacon's, Castner Knott, de Lendrecie's, Gayfers, Glass Block, Hennessy's, J.B. White, Joslins, Lion Store, Maison Blanche, McAlpin's, Root's and The Jones Store. Dillard's sold 26 stores of the former Mercantile Stores to May Department Stores Co. and Saks Incorporated and traded an additional seven stores to Belk for nine of theirs in southern Virginia and Chattanooga, Tennessee. Overall this deal enabled Dillard's to enhance its position in several markets in the South, Midwest and Mountain states.
Also in 1998, the chain entered California, opening its first store in a former Weinstock's at Weberstown Mall in Stockton, California.[8] In 1999 Dillard's opened a store at Mall of Georgia near Atlanta, Georgia.
Recent events[edit]




Dillard’s in Fairview, Texas opened on March 10, 2010.


After the acquisition of Mercantile, Dillard's ceased expanding through acquisitions, although eight locations of the defunct Montgomery Ward in the Midwest, and four locations from ZCMI in Utah and Idaho were acquired in 2001.
In 2004, Dillard's store credit card operation, operated as Dillard's National Bank, was sold to GE Money Bank. Customers can now be issued Dillard's/American Express cards as well the traditional Dillard's store charge. These cards can be used at any store that accepts the American Express brand.
In 2005 Dillard's opened a store at Atlantic Station in Atlanta, Georgia.
In 2008, Dillard's closed their travel agency, Dillard's Travel, alongside all in-store locations due to economic conditions. Dillard's Travel previously operated in 43 of the 318 stores.[9][10]
Current operations[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Dillard's.






Map of Dillard's locations


The chain continues to expand and has recently added stores in non-traditional mall shopping centers. Currently, the largest Dillard's store at 365,000 square feet (33,000 m²) is located at Scottsdale Fashion Square, an enclosed super-regional mall in Scottsdale, Arizona. Within the Dallas area, the chain has two flagship stores with a 299,000-square-foot (27,800 m2) store at the Northpark Center in Dallas and a 310,000-square-foot (29,000 m2) store at the North East Mall in Hurst.[11] Its flagship store in the East Coast region, at 260,000 square feet (24,000 m2), is located in the MacArthur Center in downtown Norfolk, Virginia. The home store for the chain is in Little Rock; the divided store is located in the trend-conscious Park Plaza Mall, one of the city's oldest continuously operating shopping centers in its midtown section.
In several "upper-scale" locations - like Simon Malls-owned Midland Park Mall, Texas, or in locations where another acquired store existed before the merger, Dillards operates both Men's and Women's stores; both are located within the same mall but in separate, distinct "anchor" (locations). Dillard's also maintains separate Men's and Women's anchor stores at Cielo Vista Mall and Sunland Park Mall, both in El Paso, Texas; the Mall of Abilene in Abilene, Tx; the Battlefield Mall in Springfield, Missouri; Melbourne Square Mall in Melbourne, Florida; Mall of Louisiana in Baton Rouge, Louisiana; First Colony Mall in Sugar Land, Texas (suburban Houston); South Plains Mall in Lubbock, TX; Westgate Mall in Amarillo, TX; Golden Triangle Mall in Denton, TX; Central Mall in Fort Smith, Arkansas; Lakeline Mall in Cedar Park, Texas (suburban Austin); Great Lakes Mall in Mentor, Ohio, (suburban Cleveland); Oak Park Mall in Overland Park, Kansas (suburban Kansas City); Towne West Square in Wichita, Kansas; Sikes Senter Mall in Wichita Falls, TX; Penn Square Mall in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Northpark Mall in Ridgeland, Mississippi; and the Frontier Mall in Cheyenne, Wyoming. The two Great Lakes Mall stores, however, have since consolidated into one, with the other, located around the corner from the Macy's, sitting empty with signs redirecting customers to the consolidated store.
At Volusia Mall in Daytona Beach, Florida, Dillard's operates three separate two-story buildings: Dillard's East, a men's/home store; Dillard's South, a children's/juniors store; and Dillard's West, a women's store.[12]
References[edit]



^ Dillard's Brand. Accessed: 26 November 2016
^ "2016 Form 10-K, Dillard's, Inc.". TagniFi. 
^ a b c d e "2010 Form 10-K, Dillard's, Inc.". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Dillard's Investor Relations". Dillard's. Archived from the original on 2007-02-11. Retrieved 2007-03-09. 
^ "Dillard's Proxy statement". 
^ Laughlin, Lee (16 July 1986). "Hemphill-Wells, dep't store chain, bought by Dillard's". Daily News Record. Retrieved 18 November 2013. 
^ "Aaron Selber". The Shreveport Times. Retrieved August 14, 2013. 
^ Hood, Jeff (20 April 1998). "Dillard's settling in". RecordNet.com. Retrieved 13 January 2014. 
^ "Dilliard's Closes Travel Agency, To Affect 160 Employees". 
^ "Dillard's Travel is closed". 
^ "Dillard's - Tarrant, TX 76053". USA BIZ DIR. USABIZDIR. Retrieved 18 March 2016. 
^ Simon Property Group, L.P. "Simon". 



External links[edit]


Arkansas portal
Companies portal



Dillard's Official Website (Mobile)
Dillard's Company History
More Dillard's History from NYJobSource







v
t
e


Store conversions to Dillard's






2002
Zions Cooperative Mercantile Institution
1998
Bacon's
Castner Knott
Gayfers
Hennessy's
J.B. White
Joslins
Lion Store
Maison Blanche
McAlpin's
1992
Higbee's
Joseph Horne Company
Hess's
1990
Ivey's
1989
D. H. Holmes
1987
Joske's
Cain-Sloan
1985
Macy's Missouri-Kansas
1984
Stix Baer & Fuller
Diamond's
John A. Brown










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dillard%27s&oldid=791923795"					
Categories: Companies based in Little Rock, ArkansasEconomy of the Southeastern United StatesCulture of the Western United StatesEconomy of the Western United StatesClothing retailers of the United StatesDepartment stores of the United StatesCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeRetail companies established in 19381938 establishments in ArkansasHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةDeutschفارسیTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 09:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Dillard's - Wikipedia






















 






Dillard's

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Dillard's, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DDS
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Retail


Founded
1938; 79 years ago (1938)


Founder
William T. Dillard


Headquarters
Little Rock, Arkansas, U.S.



Number of locations

294 stores (Q3 2016)[1]



Area served

United States



Key people

William T. Dillard II (Chairman and CEO)
Alex Dillard (President)


Products
Clothing, footwear, bedding, furniture, jewelry, beauty products, and housewares.


Revenue
 US$ 6.754 billion (FY 2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$ 454 million (FY 2016)[3]



Net income

 US$ 269 million (FY 2016)[3]


Total assets
 US$ 3.865 billion (FY 2016)[3]


Total equity
 US$ 1.795 billion (FY 2016)[3]



Number of employees

21,600 (January 2016)[3]


Website
Dillards.com


Dillard's, Inc. is an American department store chain with 330 stores in 28 states, headquartered in Little Rock, Arkansas.[4] Dillard's locations are concentrated in Texas and Florida; with a major presence in other states.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Beginnings
1.2 Acquisitions and expansion
1.3 1990s acquisitions
1.4 Late 1990s
1.5 Recent events


2 Current operations
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
Dillard's is the outgrowth of a department store founded in 1938 by William T. Dillard; its corporate headquarters remain located at the eastern edge of Little Rock's Riverdale area, and many of its executives and directors are members of the Dillard family. The family still controls the company through its ownership of Class B Common Stock; the Class A common stock is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange.[5]




The exterior of a Dillard's flagship department store at Dallas' NorthPark Center.


Beginnings[edit]
Dillard sold the original five and dime store in Nashville, Arkansas, to develop a department store in Texarkana, Arkansas, initially as the minority partner in Wooten & Dillard. In 1956, Dillard led an investment group that acquired the Mayer & Schmidt store in Tyler, Texas. This store eventually took on the name "Dillard's Mayer & Schmidt" until 1974, when it was replaced with a mall-based location south of downtown Tyler.
In 1960, Dillard acquired and turned around the failing Brown-Duncan store in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The success of this turnaround was followed in late 1963 by acquiring the Joseph Pfeifer store in Little Rock, Arkansas, and in early 1964 acquiring the other main store in Little Rock, Gus Blass Co. Dillard used this as an opportunity to relocate his headquarters to Little Rock. In 1969, Dillard and his investors took Dillard Department Stores, Inc., public on the American Stock Exchange.
Thereafter, the chain expanded rapidly as an anchor in suburban shopping malls, and took advantage of market conditions to acquire smaller chains as well as its ability to turn around locations that other companies could not operate profitably.
Acquisitions and expansion[edit]
Expansion of the Dillard's chain increased rapidly during the 1970s, mainly through expanding into new malls being built in smaller cities in Texas. In 1971 five Texas units were acquired from Fedway, a division of Federated Department Stores (the stores were rebadged as Dillard's in 1972). In 1974 five Leonard's stores were acquired in Fort Worth, Texas, as well as a commitment to open a new downtown Fort Worth store at the Tandy Center (site of the original Leonard's). Also in 1974, the former Brown-Dunkin, Blass, Pfeifer and Mayer & Schmidt stores were fully renamed Dillard's.




Interior of a Dillard's store, Greensboro, North Carolina


The 1980s brought the purchase of many local chains. In 1982, Dillard's leased three units of the defunct Lowenstein's chain in Memphis, Tennessee. In early 1984, Dillard’s acquired 12 Stix, Baer & Fuller stores in St. Louis and Kansas City from Associated Dry Goods Corp., while in fall 1984 two department store divisions were purchased from Dayton-Hudson Corporation: Diamond's and John A. Brown, with locations in Arizona, Nevada and Oklahoma. Twelve stores in Kansas and Missouri belonging to R. H. Macy & Co.'s Midwest Division, which was later dissolved in 2006, were acquired in early 1986, while the three-unit Hemphill-Wells company in West Texas was purchased in the summer. The stores at Sunset Mall in San Angelo and South Plains Mall in Lubbock were both converted, while the third in downtown Lubbock was closed.[6]




Dillard's during the Christmas shopping season at Ingram Park Mall in San Antonio, Texas


In 1987, Dillard's purchased 26 of Joske's 27 stores in Texas and Arizona as well as the four unit Cain-Sloan chain in Nashville, Tennessee, from Allied Stores Corp. This deal gave Dillard's two major anchor locations at several malls in Texas and Arizona with many of the second locations being converted to a separate, expanded home and men's stores, a format that Dillard's utilized greatly, both to grow its store size cost effectively and to prevent competitors from gaining valuable real estate. Additionally the Joske's acquisition gave Dillard's entry into the Houston market.
Dillard's in 1988 acquired the former Selber Bros. clothing department store chain, founded in 1907 in Shreveport, Louisiana, which also had a few locations in Texas.[7]
In 1988, Dillard's purchased the three-unit Miller & Paine chain in Lincoln, Nebraska, as well as more significantly, a half-interest and operational control of The Higbee Co., based in Cleveland, Ohio, with partner Edward J. DeBartolo Corp. D. H. Holmes Co., Ltd., of New Orleans, was purchased in 1989, bringing 18 units primarily in Louisiana, as well two former Diamond's units in Tucson, Arizona.
1990s acquisitions[edit]
The Ivey's chain of 23 stores in Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina was acquired from BATUS in 1990. This was followed by the acquisition of eight Florida Gulf Coast stores from Maison Blanche Co. in 1991 (which had acquired them as Robinsons of Florida only a few years before). In 1992, the remaining interest in the Higbee's stores were acquired, as well as five Ohio stores from Horne's (as part of a legal settlement, Dillard's having canceled a 1988 deal to acquire the chain). Also in 1992, three stores from the Hess's chain liquidation (five other former Hess's were acquired in 1994), two E.M. Scarbrough's locations in Austin, Texas, two former Thalhimer's in South Carolina and Tennessee, a former Lord & Taylor store in Memphis, Tennessee and three former Belk-Lindsey stores in Florida were acquired by Dillard's. Except for two Belk of Columbia stores acquired in 1995, acquisitions were eschewed for several years until in early 1997 ten buildings in Florida were acquired from Mervyns, seven southern Virginia stores were purchased from Proffitt's (which had acquired them from Hess's in 1993), and the three suburban Macy's stores in Houston were absorbed.
Late 1990s[edit]
The deal-making culminated with the purchase of Mercantile Stores Co., Inc., in 1998. The purchase of this Fairfield, Ohio-based department store company brought several chains, including Bacon's, Castner Knott, de Lendrecie's, Gayfers, Glass Block, Hennessy's, J.B. White, Joslins, Lion Store, Maison Blanche, McAlpin's, Root's and The Jones Store. Dillard's sold 26 stores of the former Mercantile Stores to May Department Stores Co. and Saks Incorporated and traded an additional seven stores to Belk for nine of theirs in southern Virginia and Chattanooga, Tennessee. Overall this deal enabled Dillard's to enhance its position in several markets in the South, Midwest and Mountain states.
Also in 1998, the chain entered California, opening its first store in a former Weinstock's at Weberstown Mall in Stockton, California.[8] In 1999 Dillard's opened a store at Mall of Georgia near Atlanta, Georgia.
Recent events[edit]




Dillard’s in Fairview, Texas opened on March 10, 2010.


After the acquisition of Mercantile, Dillard's ceased expanding through acquisitions, although eight locations of the defunct Montgomery Ward in the Midwest, and four locations from ZCMI in Utah and Idaho were acquired in 2001.
In 2004, Dillard's store credit card operation, operated as Dillard's National Bank, was sold to GE Money Bank. Customers can now be issued Dillard's/American Express cards as well the traditional Dillard's store charge. These cards can be used at any store that accepts the American Express brand.
In 2005 Dillard's opened a store at Atlantic Station in Atlanta, Georgia.
In 2008, Dillard's closed their travel agency, Dillard's Travel, alongside all in-store locations due to economic conditions. Dillard's Travel previously operated in 43 of the 318 stores.[9][10]
Current operations[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Dillard's.






Map of Dillard's locations


The chain continues to expand and has recently added stores in non-traditional mall shopping centers. Currently, the largest Dillard's store at 365,000 square feet (33,000 m²) is located at Scottsdale Fashion Square, an enclosed super-regional mall in Scottsdale, Arizona. Within the Dallas area, the chain has two flagship stores with a 299,000-square-foot (27,800 m2) store at the Northpark Center in Dallas and a 310,000-square-foot (29,000 m2) store at the North East Mall in Hurst.[11] Its flagship store in the East Coast region, at 260,000 square feet (24,000 m2), is located in the MacArthur Center in downtown Norfolk, Virginia. The home store for the chain is in Little Rock; the divided store is located in the trend-conscious Park Plaza Mall, one of the city's oldest continuously operating shopping centers in its midtown section.
In several "upper-scale" locations - like Simon Malls-owned Midland Park Mall, Texas, or in locations where another acquired store existed before the merger, Dillards operates both Men's and Women's stores; both are located within the same mall but in separate, distinct "anchor" (locations). Dillard's also maintains separate Men's and Women's anchor stores at Cielo Vista Mall and Sunland Park Mall, both in El Paso, Texas; the Mall of Abilene in Abilene, Tx; the Battlefield Mall in Springfield, Missouri; Melbourne Square Mall in Melbourne, Florida; Mall of Louisiana in Baton Rouge, Louisiana; First Colony Mall in Sugar Land, Texas (suburban Houston); South Plains Mall in Lubbock, TX; Westgate Mall in Amarillo, TX; Golden Triangle Mall in Denton, TX; Central Mall in Fort Smith, Arkansas; Lakeline Mall in Cedar Park, Texas (suburban Austin); Great Lakes Mall in Mentor, Ohio, (suburban Cleveland); Oak Park Mall in Overland Park, Kansas (suburban Kansas City); Towne West Square in Wichita, Kansas; Sikes Senter Mall in Wichita Falls, TX; Penn Square Mall in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Northpark Mall in Ridgeland, Mississippi; and the Frontier Mall in Cheyenne, Wyoming. The two Great Lakes Mall stores, however, have since consolidated into one, with the other, located around the corner from the Macy's, sitting empty with signs redirecting customers to the consolidated store.
At Volusia Mall in Daytona Beach, Florida, Dillard's operates three separate two-story buildings: Dillard's East, a men's/home store; Dillard's South, a children's/juniors store; and Dillard's West, a women's store.[12]
References[edit]



^ Dillard's Brand. Accessed: 26 November 2016
^ "2016 Form 10-K, Dillard's, Inc.". TagniFi. 
^ a b c d e "2010 Form 10-K, Dillard's, Inc.". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Dillard's Investor Relations". Dillard's. Archived from the original on 2007-02-11. Retrieved 2007-03-09. 
^ "Dillard's Proxy statement". 
^ Laughlin, Lee (16 July 1986). "Hemphill-Wells, dep't store chain, bought by Dillard's". Daily News Record. Retrieved 18 November 2013. 
^ "Aaron Selber". The Shreveport Times. Retrieved August 14, 2013. 
^ Hood, Jeff (20 April 1998). "Dillard's settling in". RecordNet.com. Retrieved 13 January 2014. 
^ "Dilliard's Closes Travel Agency, To Affect 160 Employees". 
^ "Dillard's Travel is closed". 
^ "Dillard's - Tarrant, TX 76053". USA BIZ DIR. USABIZDIR. Retrieved 18 March 2016. 
^ Simon Property Group, L.P. "Simon". 



External links[edit]


Arkansas portal
Companies portal



Dillard's Official Website (Mobile)
Dillard's Company History
More Dillard's History from NYJobSource







v
t
e


Store conversions to Dillard's






2002
Zions Cooperative Mercantile Institution
1998
Bacon's
Castner Knott
Gayfers
Hennessy's
J.B. White
Joslins
Lion Store
Maison Blanche
McAlpin's
1992
Higbee's
Joseph Horne Company
Hess's
1990
Ivey's
1989
D. H. Holmes
1987
Joske's
Cain-Sloan
1985
Macy's Missouri-Kansas
1984
Stix Baer & Fuller
Diamond's
John A. Brown










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dillard%27s&oldid=791923795"					
Categories: Companies based in Little Rock, ArkansasEconomy of the Southeastern United StatesCulture of the Western United StatesEconomy of the Western United StatesClothing retailers of the United StatesDepartment stores of the United StatesCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeRetail companies established in 19381938 establishments in ArkansasHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةDeutschفارسیTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 09:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Dillard's - Wikipedia






















 






Dillard's

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Dillard's, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DDS
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Retail


Founded
1938; 79 years ago (1938)


Founder
William T. Dillard


Headquarters
Little Rock, Arkansas, U.S.



Number of locations

294 stores (Q3 2016)[1]



Area served

United States



Key people

William T. Dillard II (Chairman and CEO)
Alex Dillard (President)


Products
Clothing, footwear, bedding, furniture, jewelry, beauty products, and housewares.


Revenue
 US$ 6.754 billion (FY 2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$ 454 million (FY 2016)[3]



Net income

 US$ 269 million (FY 2016)[3]


Total assets
 US$ 3.865 billion (FY 2016)[3]


Total equity
 US$ 1.795 billion (FY 2016)[3]



Number of employees

21,600 (January 2016)[3]


Website
Dillards.com


Dillard's, Inc. is an American department store chain with 330 stores in 28 states, headquartered in Little Rock, Arkansas.[4] Dillard's locations are concentrated in Texas and Florida; with a major presence in other states.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Beginnings
1.2 Acquisitions and expansion
1.3 1990s acquisitions
1.4 Late 1990s
1.5 Recent events


2 Current operations
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
Dillard's is the outgrowth of a department store founded in 1938 by William T. Dillard; its corporate headquarters remain located at the eastern edge of Little Rock's Riverdale area, and many of its executives and directors are members of the Dillard family. The family still controls the company through its ownership of Class B Common Stock; the Class A common stock is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange.[5]




The exterior of a Dillard's flagship department store at Dallas' NorthPark Center.


Beginnings[edit]
Dillard sold the original five and dime store in Nashville, Arkansas, to develop a department store in Texarkana, Arkansas, initially as the minority partner in Wooten & Dillard. In 1956, Dillard led an investment group that acquired the Mayer & Schmidt store in Tyler, Texas. This store eventually took on the name "Dillard's Mayer & Schmidt" until 1974, when it was replaced with a mall-based location south of downtown Tyler.
In 1960, Dillard acquired and turned around the failing Brown-Duncan store in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The success of this turnaround was followed in late 1963 by acquiring the Joseph Pfeifer store in Little Rock, Arkansas, and in early 1964 acquiring the other main store in Little Rock, Gus Blass Co. Dillard used this as an opportunity to relocate his headquarters to Little Rock. In 1969, Dillard and his investors took Dillard Department Stores, Inc., public on the American Stock Exchange.
Thereafter, the chain expanded rapidly as an anchor in suburban shopping malls, and took advantage of market conditions to acquire smaller chains as well as its ability to turn around locations that other companies could not operate profitably.
Acquisitions and expansion[edit]
Expansion of the Dillard's chain increased rapidly during the 1970s, mainly through expanding into new malls being built in smaller cities in Texas. In 1971 five Texas units were acquired from Fedway, a division of Federated Department Stores (the stores were rebadged as Dillard's in 1972). In 1974 five Leonard's stores were acquired in Fort Worth, Texas, as well as a commitment to open a new downtown Fort Worth store at the Tandy Center (site of the original Leonard's). Also in 1974, the former Brown-Dunkin, Blass, Pfeifer and Mayer & Schmidt stores were fully renamed Dillard's.




Interior of a Dillard's store, Greensboro, North Carolina


The 1980s brought the purchase of many local chains. In 1982, Dillard's leased three units of the defunct Lowenstein's chain in Memphis, Tennessee. In early 1984, Dillard’s acquired 12 Stix, Baer & Fuller stores in St. Louis and Kansas City from Associated Dry Goods Corp., while in fall 1984 two department store divisions were purchased from Dayton-Hudson Corporation: Diamond's and John A. Brown, with locations in Arizona, Nevada and Oklahoma. Twelve stores in Kansas and Missouri belonging to R. H. Macy & Co.'s Midwest Division, which was later dissolved in 2006, were acquired in early 1986, while the three-unit Hemphill-Wells company in West Texas was purchased in the summer. The stores at Sunset Mall in San Angelo and South Plains Mall in Lubbock were both converted, while the third in downtown Lubbock was closed.[6]




Dillard's during the Christmas shopping season at Ingram Park Mall in San Antonio, Texas


In 1987, Dillard's purchased 26 of Joske's 27 stores in Texas and Arizona as well as the four unit Cain-Sloan chain in Nashville, Tennessee, from Allied Stores Corp. This deal gave Dillard's two major anchor locations at several malls in Texas and Arizona with many of the second locations being converted to a separate, expanded home and men's stores, a format that Dillard's utilized greatly, both to grow its store size cost effectively and to prevent competitors from gaining valuable real estate. Additionally the Joske's acquisition gave Dillard's entry into the Houston market.
Dillard's in 1988 acquired the former Selber Bros. clothing department store chain, founded in 1907 in Shreveport, Louisiana, which also had a few locations in Texas.[7]
In 1988, Dillard's purchased the three-unit Miller & Paine chain in Lincoln, Nebraska, as well as more significantly, a half-interest and operational control of The Higbee Co., based in Cleveland, Ohio, with partner Edward J. DeBartolo Corp. D. H. Holmes Co., Ltd., of New Orleans, was purchased in 1989, bringing 18 units primarily in Louisiana, as well two former Diamond's units in Tucson, Arizona.
1990s acquisitions[edit]
The Ivey's chain of 23 stores in Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina was acquired from BATUS in 1990. This was followed by the acquisition of eight Florida Gulf Coast stores from Maison Blanche Co. in 1991 (which had acquired them as Robinsons of Florida only a few years before). In 1992, the remaining interest in the Higbee's stores were acquired, as well as five Ohio stores from Horne's (as part of a legal settlement, Dillard's having canceled a 1988 deal to acquire the chain). Also in 1992, three stores from the Hess's chain liquidation (five other former Hess's were acquired in 1994), two E.M. Scarbrough's locations in Austin, Texas, two former Thalhimer's in South Carolina and Tennessee, a former Lord & Taylor store in Memphis, Tennessee and three former Belk-Lindsey stores in Florida were acquired by Dillard's. Except for two Belk of Columbia stores acquired in 1995, acquisitions were eschewed for several years until in early 1997 ten buildings in Florida were acquired from Mervyns, seven southern Virginia stores were purchased from Proffitt's (which had acquired them from Hess's in 1993), and the three suburban Macy's stores in Houston were absorbed.
Late 1990s[edit]
The deal-making culminated with the purchase of Mercantile Stores Co., Inc., in 1998. The purchase of this Fairfield, Ohio-based department store company brought several chains, including Bacon's, Castner Knott, de Lendrecie's, Gayfers, Glass Block, Hennessy's, J.B. White, Joslins, Lion Store, Maison Blanche, McAlpin's, Root's and The Jones Store. Dillard's sold 26 stores of the former Mercantile Stores to May Department Stores Co. and Saks Incorporated and traded an additional seven stores to Belk for nine of theirs in southern Virginia and Chattanooga, Tennessee. Overall this deal enabled Dillard's to enhance its position in several markets in the South, Midwest and Mountain states.
Also in 1998, the chain entered California, opening its first store in a former Weinstock's at Weberstown Mall in Stockton, California.[8] In 1999 Dillard's opened a store at Mall of Georgia near Atlanta, Georgia.
Recent events[edit]




Dillard’s in Fairview, Texas opened on March 10, 2010.


After the acquisition of Mercantile, Dillard's ceased expanding through acquisitions, although eight locations of the defunct Montgomery Ward in the Midwest, and four locations from ZCMI in Utah and Idaho were acquired in 2001.
In 2004, Dillard's store credit card operation, operated as Dillard's National Bank, was sold to GE Money Bank. Customers can now be issued Dillard's/American Express cards as well the traditional Dillard's store charge. These cards can be used at any store that accepts the American Express brand.
In 2005 Dillard's opened a store at Atlantic Station in Atlanta, Georgia.
In 2008, Dillard's closed their travel agency, Dillard's Travel, alongside all in-store locations due to economic conditions. Dillard's Travel previously operated in 43 of the 318 stores.[9][10]
Current operations[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Dillard's.






Map of Dillard's locations


The chain continues to expand and has recently added stores in non-traditional mall shopping centers. Currently, the largest Dillard's store at 365,000 square feet (33,000 m²) is located at Scottsdale Fashion Square, an enclosed super-regional mall in Scottsdale, Arizona. Within the Dallas area, the chain has two flagship stores with a 299,000-square-foot (27,800 m2) store at the Northpark Center in Dallas and a 310,000-square-foot (29,000 m2) store at the North East Mall in Hurst.[11] Its flagship store in the East Coast region, at 260,000 square feet (24,000 m2), is located in the MacArthur Center in downtown Norfolk, Virginia. The home store for the chain is in Little Rock; the divided store is located in the trend-conscious Park Plaza Mall, one of the city's oldest continuously operating shopping centers in its midtown section.
In several "upper-scale" locations - like Simon Malls-owned Midland Park Mall, Texas, or in locations where another acquired store existed before the merger, Dillards operates both Men's and Women's stores; both are located within the same mall but in separate, distinct "anchor" (locations). Dillard's also maintains separate Men's and Women's anchor stores at Cielo Vista Mall and Sunland Park Mall, both in El Paso, Texas; the Mall of Abilene in Abilene, Tx; the Battlefield Mall in Springfield, Missouri; Melbourne Square Mall in Melbourne, Florida; Mall of Louisiana in Baton Rouge, Louisiana; First Colony Mall in Sugar Land, Texas (suburban Houston); South Plains Mall in Lubbock, TX; Westgate Mall in Amarillo, TX; Golden Triangle Mall in Denton, TX; Central Mall in Fort Smith, Arkansas; Lakeline Mall in Cedar Park, Texas (suburban Austin); Great Lakes Mall in Mentor, Ohio, (suburban Cleveland); Oak Park Mall in Overland Park, Kansas (suburban Kansas City); Towne West Square in Wichita, Kansas; Sikes Senter Mall in Wichita Falls, TX; Penn Square Mall in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Northpark Mall in Ridgeland, Mississippi; and the Frontier Mall in Cheyenne, Wyoming. The two Great Lakes Mall stores, however, have since consolidated into one, with the other, located around the corner from the Macy's, sitting empty with signs redirecting customers to the consolidated store.
At Volusia Mall in Daytona Beach, Florida, Dillard's operates three separate two-story buildings: Dillard's East, a men's/home store; Dillard's South, a children's/juniors store; and Dillard's West, a women's store.[12]
References[edit]



^ Dillard's Brand. Accessed: 26 November 2016
^ "2016 Form 10-K, Dillard's, Inc.". TagniFi. 
^ a b c d e "2010 Form 10-K, Dillard's, Inc.". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ "Dillard's Investor Relations". Dillard's. Archived from the original on 2007-02-11. Retrieved 2007-03-09. 
^ "Dillard's Proxy statement". 
^ Laughlin, Lee (16 July 1986). "Hemphill-Wells, dep't store chain, bought by Dillard's". Daily News Record. Retrieved 18 November 2013. 
^ "Aaron Selber". The Shreveport Times. Retrieved August 14, 2013. 
^ Hood, Jeff (20 April 1998). "Dillard's settling in". RecordNet.com. Retrieved 13 January 2014. 
^ "Dilliard's Closes Travel Agency, To Affect 160 Employees". 
^ "Dillard's Travel is closed". 
^ "Dillard's - Tarrant, TX 76053". USA BIZ DIR. USABIZDIR. Retrieved 18 March 2016. 
^ Simon Property Group, L.P. "Simon". 



External links[edit]


Arkansas portal
Companies portal



Dillard's Official Website (Mobile)
Dillard's Company History
More Dillard's History from NYJobSource







v
t
e


Store conversions to Dillard's






2002
Zions Cooperative Mercantile Institution
1998
Bacon's
Castner Knott
Gayfers
Hennessy's
J.B. White
Joslins
Lion Store
Maison Blanche
McAlpin's
1992
Higbee's
Joseph Horne Company
Hess's
1990
Ivey's
1989
D. H. Holmes
1987
Joske's
Cain-Sloan
1985
Macy's Missouri-Kansas
1984
Stix Baer & Fuller
Diamond's
John A. Brown










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dillard%27s&oldid=791923795"					
Categories: Companies based in Little Rock, ArkansasEconomy of the Southeastern United StatesCulture of the Western United StatesEconomy of the Western United StatesClothing retailers of the United StatesDepartment stores of the United StatesCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeRetail companies established in 19381938 establishments in ArkansasHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةDeutschفارسیTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 09:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 




Dillard Inc. News - The New York Times






















































Sections
Home
Search
Skip to content









Times Topics|Dillard's Inc.

 

Search


Log In

Settings




Close search

search sponsored by






 







Dillard's Inc.









News about Dillard's Inc., including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.
 




/svc/timestopic/v1/topic.json?limit=10&type=article%2Cblogpost&fq=%28organizations%3A%22DILLARD+DEPARTMENT+STORES+INC%22+OR++organizations%3A%22DILLARD+DEPARTMENT+STORES%22+OR++organizations%3A%22Dillard%27s+Inc.%22%29+AND++-type_of_material%3A%22Caption%22+AND++-type_of_material%3A%22Correction%22+AND++-type_of_material%3A%22List%22+AND++-type_of_material%3A%22Paid+Death+Notice%22+AND++-news_desk%3A%22Society%22&
{"type":"article","show_header_text":true,"header":"ARTICLES ABOUT DILLARD INC.","query":"(org=\"DILLARD DEPARTMENT STORES INC\" or org=\"DILLARD DEPARTMENT STORES\" or org=\"Dillard's Inc.\") and tom!=\"Caption\" and tom!=\"Correction\" and tom!=\"List\" and tom!=\"Paid Death Notice\" and dsk!=\"Society\"","search_query":"(organizations:\"DILLARD DEPARTMENT STORES INC\" OR  organizations:\"DILLARD DEPARTMENT STORES\" OR  organizations:\"Dillard's Inc.\") AND  -type_of_material:\"Caption\" AND  -type_of_material:\"Correction\" AND  -type_of_material:\"List\" AND  -type_of_material:\"Paid Death Notice\" AND  -news_desk:\"Society\"","num_search_articles":"10","show_summary":true,"show_byline":true,"show_pub_date":true,"hide_thumbnails":false,"show_kicker":false,"show_title":false,"show_related_topics":false,"show_rad_links":true,"show_subtopics":true,"exclude_topics":"DILLARD DEPARTMENT STORES INC;DILLARD DEPARTMENT STORES","more_on_header":"MORE ON DILLARD INC. AND:","alternate_index_subidx":"","show_thumbnails":true}
63
ARTICLES ABOUT DILLARD INC.



Newest First | Oldest First

Page: 


← prev
next →




	           There are more articles available on this topic, but we can't display them here. Try narrowing your results by using the search bar below.
	        

















In a Hostile Bid, Men's Wearhouse Raises Offer for Jos. A. Bank
By MICHAEL J. DE LA MERCED
Men’s Wearhouse, which rebuffed an merger offer from Jos. A. Bank in October, is taking its higher $1.6 billion offer to stockholders and is demanding two seats on its rival’s board....
January 6, 2014, Monday


Dillard’s Profit Rises, and Its Shares Surge
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
Dillard’s, the department store operator, said Friday that its profit rose 57 percent in the first quarter, helped by fewer markdowns and reduced expenses....
May 14, 2011, Saturday


Profit Rises for J.C. Penney, but Discounts Are a Concern
By REUTERS
The department store chain’s sales rose mainly from discounting, which raised questions about its efforts to win market share from competitors....
November 13, 2010, Saturday



Stores and Vendors Take Their Haggling Over Payment to Court
By TRACIE ROZHON
Accusations that Saks Fifth Avenue cut payments to suppliers for various reasons has opened the lid on an industrywide practice that has led to widespread abuse....
May 17, 2005, Tuesday


Dillard's to Sell Credit Card Unit to G.E.
Dillard's Inc., the department store chain, said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its Dillard's National Bank assets to GE Consumer Finance for about $1.25 billion.    Dillard's becomes the latest retailer to sell a credit card subsidiary, wit...
August 9, 2004, Monday


De la Renta To Offer Line With Prices Below $100
By TRACIE ROZHON
In a retail landscape packed with newly minted department store brands by Calvin Klein, Ralph Lauren and others, Oscar de la Renta has gone even further down-market. Mr. de la Renta, one of the world's best-known couturiers, will introduce a moder...
July 17, 2004, Saturday


DILLARD'S INCREASES ITS REVOLVING CREDIT LINE
Dillard's, a 65-year-old department store chain, said yesterday that it had more than doubled its senior revolving credit line to $1 billion as it tries to halt sales declines. The company, based in Little Rock, Ark., will be able to tap $835 mill...
December 16, 2003, Tuesday


Dillard's Loss Is Wider Than Expected
Dillard's Inc., the operator of department stores, reported a wider-than-expected quarterly loss yesterday as weak sales prompted discounting.    The company has been cutting prices to try to clear out excess inventory. But an executive said the c...
August 21, 2003, Thursday


In Stores, Private Handcuffs for Sticky Fingers
By ANDREA ELLIOTT
Steps from the pantyhose section of Macy's Manhattan store sits a cool, halogen-lighted room containing two chain-link holding cells. People, some of them minors, are led to this room every day, where they are body-searched, photographed and then ...
June 17, 2003, Tuesday


Home Depot Profit Up 6%; Other Retailers Mixed
Home Depot, the home-improvement chain, said yesterday that first-quarter profit increased 6 percent after new products like John Deere lawn tractors bolstered revenue. Sales at older stores declined less than expected, sending the shares up.    N...
May 21, 2003, Wednesday









    Copyright © 2008. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the vendor disclosures page.


















Most EmailedMost ViewedRecommended














Rss Feeds On Dillard's Inc.
Subscribe to an RSS feed on this topic.  What is RSS?





Dillard's Inc.




Get Alerts On Dillard's Inc.
Receive My Alerts e-mails on topics covered on this page.

DILLARD DEPARTMENT STORES INC

More Alerts >>





 















Dillards - - Dillard's, Inc. - Events & Presentations






























Home  ›  Investor Relations  ›  Events & Presentations 
    


Investor Overview
History of Dillard's, Inc.
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance

Financial Information

SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Quarterly Results


Stock Information

Historic Stock Lookup
Dividend History


Investor FAQs
Contact Us




  
            
          




Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?





Events & Presentations
Currently, there are no events scheduled. Please click here to be notified of all upcoming events.



Stock Quote (NYSE: DDS)
Price:
77.50

Change:
 0.00

Day High:
N/A

Day Low:
N/A

Volume:
N/A

4:04 PM ET on Jul 27, 2017
Delayed at least 20  minutes.Provided by eSignal.



Shareholder Tools



Shareholder Briefcase



Printed Materials



Email Alerts



Download Library



Snapshot



RSS News Feeds




Search Investor Relations






















 

Dillards - - Dillard's, Inc. - Investor Overview






























Home  ›  Investor Relations 
    


Investor Overview
History of Dillard's, Inc.
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance

Financial Information

SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Quarterly Results


Stock Information

Historic Stock Lookup
Dividend History


Investor FAQs
Contact Us




  
            
          




Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?





Investor Overview







3 Mo.  
	  
6 Mo.  
	  
1 Yr.








	Dillard’s, Inc. ranks among the nation’s largest fashion retailers, with annual sales exceeding $6.2 billion. The Company focuses on delivering style, service and value to its shoppers by offering compelling apparel, cosmetics and home selections complemented by exceptional customer care. Dillard’s stores offer a broad selection of merchandise and feature products from both national and exclusive brand sources. The Company operates 268 Dillard’s locations and 25 clearance centers spanning 29 states, plus an internet store at www.dillards.com.


View all »   Recent Releases
May 22, 2017
Dillard's, Inc. Announces $0.07 Cash Dividend
May 20, 2017
Dillard's, Inc. Hosts Annual Meeting of Shareholders



Stock Quote (NYSE: DDS)
Price:
77.50

Change:
 0.00

Day High:
N/A

Day Low:
N/A

Volume:
N/A

4:04 PM ET on Jul 27, 2017
Delayed at least 20  minutes.Provided by eSignal.



Shareholder Tools



Shareholder Briefcase



Printed Materials



Email Alerts



Download Library



Snapshot



RSS News Feeds




Search Investor Relations






















 




        DILLARD'S INC.|Company Profile|Vault.com
    

















































FOR COLLEGES
FOR EMPLOYERS












RANKINGS & REVIEWS


Companies


Internships



                                Schools
                                
                            

Undergraduate Schools
Business Schools
Law Schools


















PLUS
Law
Consulting
Banking
Accounting

Career Resources

Resumes
Cover Letters
Interviewing
Networking
Industries
Professions
Career Advice Blog


Job Board
Guides




Sign In



 



0 Items in Your Cart

Shop Vault Guides


                                    Vault Guides are THE source for insider insight on career information and employer reviews. Shop Vault Guides
















DILLARD'S INC.


 My Vault




Overview

Employee Reviews


 Submit a Review





















About DILLARD'S INC.


   Tradition is trying to catch up with the times at Dillard's. Sandwiched between retail giant Macy's and discount chains such as Kohl's, Dillard's is rethinking its strategy and trimming its store count. The department store chain operates about 290 locations (down from 330 in 2005) in some 30 US states, covering the Sunbelt and the central US. Its stores cater to middle- and upper-middle-income women, selling name-brand and private-label merchandise with a focus on apparel and home furnishings.  Founded in 1938 by William Dillard, family members, through the W. D. Company, control the company.
  
Operations
Dillard's' largest product category is ladies' apparel, at over 20% of sales, followed by men's apparel and accessories (17%), ladies' accessories and lingerie (16%), shoes (16%), and cosmetics (14%). Children's apparel, home and furniture, and construction bring in the remainder.

   Dillard's exclusive brand lines include Antonio Melani, Gianni Bini, GB, Roundtree & York, and Daniel Cremieux.
  

   Beyond department stores, Dillard's owns CDI Contractors, a Little Rock, Arkansas-based construction firm that was started to build and remodel Dillard's' stores.
Geographic Reach

   Texas and Florida are the Arkansas-based department store chain's two largest markets, accounting for about a third of total stores. The company operates 293 Dillard's stores and 25 clearing centers -- representing more than 50 million sq. ft. of space -- in 29 states.
  
Sales and Marketing

   Dillard's sells its products in shopping malls, open-air centers, and online.
Financial Performance

   Dillard's sales and profits have remained mostly flat over the past few years with its rising comparable store sales offset by its shrinking net store count.
However, in fiscal 2017 (ended January), sales fell 5% to $6.3 billion due to persistent mall traffic declines.
Net income fell $100 million to $169.2 million as the retailer scrambled to cut prices in an effort to prop up store traffic.
Cash flow from operations increased 15% to $517 million due to a sharp increase in trade accounts payable.  
Strategy

   To try and reverse falling sales, the department store chain has moved "up market", positioning itself above Macy's and Belk and below high-end chains such as Nordstrom and Bloomingdale's. To attract more customers, Dillard's is focusing on adding more fashion, much like J. C. Penney has done in recent years. The firm's new direction is inspired on the success of specialty stores with their edited displays or merchandise in boutique-like settings rather than an endless sea of apparel racks. New stores are smaller (averaging 170,000 sq. ft.) and located in open-air lifestyle centers rather than enclosed malls. Dillard's, which has been averse to marking down merchandise but has been forced to discount by its lower-end competitors, hopes its move up market will stop the markdowns.
The shift in product alignment might help stave off the onslaught on the internet as when buying high-value items customers are less willing to "get it wrong" -- much more likely when shopping online.


- Show Less
+ Show Full Description






- Show Less
+ Show Full History








- Show Less
+ Show All





Competitors

American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.
ANN INC.
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.
Belk, Inc.
Burlington Stores, Inc.
Caleres, Inc.
Foot Locker, Inc.
J.crew Group, Inc.
Macy's, Inc.
Mattress Firm Holding Corp.
Nordstrom, Inc.
Sears, Roebuck and Co.
Stein Mart, Inc.
Target Corporation
The Bon-ton Stores Inc
The Gap Inc
The Tjx Companies Inc
Von Maur, Inc.
Walgreen Co.


- Show Less
+ Show All





Company News and Press Releases

Retailers in recovery mode after improved Target guidance Seeking Alpha (Thu, Jul 13)
Ex-Dividend Reminder: Mondelez International, Ralph Lauren and Dillard's Forbes (Mon, Jun 26)
Nordstrom family explores taking retailer private Business Standard (Thu, Jun 8)
Department store stocks rattled as Macy's talks shop Seeking Alpha (Tue, Jun 6)
Dillard's declares $0.07 dividend Seeking Alpha (Mon, May 22)
Dillard's, Inc. Announces $0.07 Cash Dividend Dillard's, Inc. (Mon, May 22)
Dillard's, Inc. Hosts Annual Meeting of Shareholders Dillard's, Inc. (Sat, May 20)
At Annual Meeting, William Dillard II Says He's Encouraged With Recent Trends Arkansas Business.com (Sat, May 20)
Retail Bloodbath: It's Not All Amazon's Fault Seeking Alpha (Tue, May 16)
Department Stores: A Return To Recession-Like Days? Barrons Blog (Fri, May 12)
Cratering Department-Store Sales Herald 'Do-More-With-Less' Era Bloomberg Business (Fri, May 12)
These 3 Department Stores Beat Expectations on Thursday -- but Investors Didn't Care Quad-City Times (Fri, May 12)
Retailers Slide: Will ETFs Bear the Pain as Q1 Unfolds? Nasdaq (Fri, May 12)
UNIQURE B.V. (NASDAQ:QURE) present data on hepatic gene delivery with its AAV5 vector Benchmark Monitor (Fri, May 12)
Dillards, Inc. (NYSE:DDS) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition Market Exclusive (Thu, May 11)
Macy', Kohl's, and Dillard's Results Send Panic Through Retail Stocks Ticker (Thu, May 11)
Macy's Shocker, Other Results Trigger Broad Retail Rout Investors.com (Thu, May 11)
Dillard's Surpasses Q1 Earnings & Revenue Forecasts Talk Markets (Thu, May 11)
Macy’s drags U.S. department stores into rout after dismal quarter The Globe and Mail (Thu, May 11)
Dillard's, Inc. (NYSE:DDS) reported earnings of $2.12 per share beating Walls Streets expectations. Market Exclusive (Thu, May 11)
Department Store Stocks Sink In Wake Of Macy's Disappointing Results FOX Business (Thu, May 11)
Dillard Inc. Reports 14% Decline In Q1 Profit RTTNews (Thu, May 11)
Dillard's 1Q Profit Down 14 Percent, Same-Store Sales Down 4 Percent Arkansas Business.com (Thu, May 11)
Dillard's, Inc. Reports First Quarter Results Dillard's, Inc. (Thu, May 11)
Dillard's, Inc. to Report First Quarter Results Dillard's, Inc. (Wed, May 10)


- Show Less
+ Show More News and Press Releases











DILLARD'S INC.

            
                    1600 Cantrell Rd
                
                    
                
                    Little Rock, AR 72201-1145
                
                    
                
                    Phone: 1 (501) 376-5200
                
                    
                
                    Fax: 1 (501) 399-7813
                
            






Stats


                    Employer Type: Public
                

                    Stock Symbol: DDS
                

                    Stock Exchange:  NYSE
                

                    Chairman and CEO: William Dillard
                

                    President: Alex Dillard
                

                    SVP, Co-Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer: Phillip R. Watts
                

                    2017 Employees: 40,000
                




Major Office Locations


                        Little Rock, AR
                    


- Show Less
+ Show More



Other Locations


                        Anniston, AL
                    

                        Auburn, AL
                    

                        Dothan, AL
                    

                        Florence, AL
                    

                        Huntsville, AL
                    

                        Mobile, AL
                    

                        Montgomery, AL
                    

                        Spanish Fort, AL
                    

                        Fayetteville, AR
                    

                        Fort Smith, AR
                    

                        Hot Springs, AR
                    

                        Jonesboro, AR
                    

                        Mabelvale, AR
                    

                        Maumelle, AR
                    

                        North Little Rock, AR
                    

                        Pine Bluff, AR
                    

                        Rogers, AR
                    

                        Casa Grande, AZ
                    

                        Chandler, AZ
                    

                        Flagstaff, AZ
                    

                        Gilbert, AZ
                    

                        Glendale, AZ
                    

                        Lake Havasu City, AZ
                    

                        Mesa, AZ
                    

                        Phoenix, AZ
                    

                        Prescott, AZ
                    

                        Scottsdale, AZ
                    

                        Sierra Vista, AZ
                    

                        Tucson, AZ
                    

                        Yuma, AZ
                    

                        El Centro, CA
                    

                        Los Angeles, CA
                    

                        Palmdale, CA
                    

                        Stockton, CA
                    

                        Aurora, CO
                    

                        Broomfield, CO
                    

                        Colorado Springs, CO
                    

                        Littleton, CO
                    

                        Pueblo, CO
                    

                        Westminster, CO
                    

                        Altamonte Springs, FL
                    

                        Boynton Beach, FL
                    

                        Brandon, FL
                    

                        Clearwater, FL
                    

                        Daytona Beach, FL
                    

                        Estero, FL
                    

                        Fort Lauderdale, FL
                    

                        Fort Myers, FL
                    

                        Gainesville, FL
                    

                        Jacksonville, FL
                    

                        Jensen Beach, FL
                    

                        Lake Wales, FL
                    

                        Mary Esther, FL
                    

                        Melbourne, FL
                    

                        Merritt Island, FL
                    

                        Miami, FL
                    

                        Naples, FL
                    

                        Ocala, FL
                    

                        Ocoee, FL
                    

                        Orange Park, FL
                    

                        Orlando, FL
                    

                        Oviedo, FL
                    

                        Panama City, FL
                    

                        Pembroke Pines, FL
                    

                        Pensacola, FL
                    

                        Port Charlotte, FL
                    

                        Port Richey, FL
                    

                        Saint Petersburg, FL
                    

                        Sanford, FL
                    

                        Sarasota, FL
                    

                        Tallahassee, FL
                    

                        Tampa, FL
                    

                        Vero Beach, FL
                    

                        Wesley Chapel, FL
                    

                        West Palm Beach, FL
                    

                        Albany, GA
                    

                        Alpharetta, GA
                    

                        Atlanta, GA
                    

                        Augusta, GA
                    

                        Buford, GA
                    

                        Douglasville, GA
                    

                        Lithonia, GA
                    

                        Newnan, GA
                    

                        Savannah, GA
                    

                        Tifton, GA
                    

                        Valdosta, GA
                    

                        Coralville, IA
                    

                        Council Bluffs, IA
                    

                        Davenport, IA
                    

                        Waterloo, IA
                    

                        West Des Moines, IA
                    

                        Boise, ID
                    

                        Idaho Falls, ID
                    

                        Fairview Heights, IL
                    

                        Marion, IL
                    

                        Moline, IL
                    

                        Clarksville, IN
                    

                        Evansville, IN
                    

                        Richmond, IN
                    

                        Manhattan, KS
                    

                        Olathe, KS
                    

                        Overland Park, KS
                    

                        Salina, KS
                    

                        Shawnee Mission, KS
                    

                        Topeka, KS
                    

                        Wichita, KS
                    

                        Bowling Green, KY
                    

                        Crestview Hills, KY
                    

                        Lexington, KY
                    

                        Louisville, KY
                    

                        Paducah, KY
                    

                        Alexandria, LA
                    

                        Baton Rouge, LA
                    

                        Bossier City, LA
                    

                        Gretna, LA
                    

                        Hammond, LA
                    

                        Houma, LA
                    

                        Kenner, LA
                    

                        Lafayette, LA
                    

                        Lake Charles, LA
                    

                        Metairie, LA
                    

                        Monroe, LA
                    

                        Shreveport, LA
                    

                        Slidell, LA
                    

                        Chesterfield, MO
                    

                        Columbia, MO
                    

                        Independence, MO
                    

                        Jefferson City, MO
                    

                        Kansas City, MO
                    

                        Saint Joseph, MO
                    

                        Saint Louis, MO
                    

                        Saint Peters, MO
                    

                        Springfield, MO
                    

                        Biloxi, MS
                    

                        Hattiesburg, MS
                    

                        Meridian, MS
                    

                        Ridgeland, MS
                    

                        Southaven, MS
                    

                        Vicksburg, MS
                    

                        Billings, MT
                    

                        Missoula, MT
                    

                        Asheboro, NC
                    

                        Asheville, NC
                    

                        Burlington, NC
                    

                        Cary, NC
                    

                        Chapel Hill, NC
                    

                        Charlotte, NC
                    

                        Gastonia, NC
                    

                        Greensboro, NC
                    

                        Hickory, NC
                    

                        High Point, NC
                    

                        Pineville, NC
                    

                        Raleigh, NC
                    

                        Salisbury, NC
                    

                        Wilmington, NC
                    

                        Winston Salem, NC
                    

                        Grand Island, NE
                    

                        Lincoln, NE
                    

                        Omaha, NE
                    

                        Albuquerque, NM
                    

                        Clovis, NM
                    

                        Farmington, NM
                    

                        Las Cruces, NM
                    

                        Santa Fe, NM
                    

                        Henderson, NV
                    

                        Las Vegas, NV
                    

                        Reno, NV
                    

                        Ashtabula, OH
                    

                        Beachwood, OH
                    

                        Canton, OH
                    

                        Cincinnati, OH
                    

                        Cleveland, OH
                    

                        Fairlawn, OH
                    

                        Maumee, OH
                    

                        Mentor, OH
                    

                        Niles, OH
                    

                        North Olmsted, OH
                    

                        Strongsville, OH
                    

                        Toledo, OH
                    

                        Youngstown, OH
                    

                        Bartlesville, OK
                    

                        Enid, OK
                    

                        Lawton, OK
                    

                        Muskogee, OK
                    

                        Norman, OK
                    

                        Oklahoma City, OK
                    

                        Shawnee, OK
                    

                        Tulsa, OK
                    

                        Aiken, SC
                    

                        Anderson, SC
                    

                        Charleston, SC
                    

                        Columbia, SC
                    

                        Greenville, SC
                    

                        Myrtle Beach, SC
                    

                        North Charleston, SC
                    

                        Spartanburg, SC
                    

                        Chattanooga, TN
                    

                        Clarksville, TN
                    

                        Collierville, TN
                    

                        Franklin, TN
                    

                        Goodlettsville, TN
                    

                        Knoxville, TN
                    

                        Memphis, TN
                    

                        Murfreesboro, TN
                    

                        Nashville, TN
                    

                        Abilene, TX
                    

                        Amarillo, TX
                    

                        Arlington, TX
                    

                        Austin, TX
                    

                        Beaumont, TX
                    

                        Brownsville, TX
                    

                        Cedar Hill, TX
                    

                        Cedar Park, TX
                    

                        College Station, TX
                    

                        Corpus Christi, TX
                    

                        Dallas, TX
                    

                        Denton, TX
                    

                        El Paso, TX
                    

                        Fort Worth, TX
                    

                        Friendswood, TX
                    

                        Frisco, TX
                    

                        Garland, TX
                    

                        Harlingen, TX
                    

                        Houston, TX
                    

                        Humble, TX
                    

                        Hurst, TX
                    

                        Irving, TX
                    

                        Killeen, TX
                    

                        Lake Jackson, TX
                    

                        Laredo, TX
                    

                        Lewisville, TX
                    

                        Longview, TX
                    

                        Lubbock, TX
                    

                        Mcallen, TX
                    

                        Mckinney, TX
                    

                        Mesquite, TX
                    

                        Midland, TX
                    

                        Odessa, TX
                    

                        Pearland, TX
                    

                        Plano, TX
                    

                        Port Arthur, TX
                    

                        San Angelo, TX
                    

                        San Antonio, TX
                    

                        Sherman, TX
                    

                        Sugar Land, TX
                    

                        Temple, TX
                    

                        Texarkana, TX
                    

                        Texas City, TX
                    

                        The Woodlands, TX
                    

                        Tyler, TX
                    

                        Victoria, TX
                    

                        Waco, TX
                    

                        Wichita Falls, TX
                    

                        Logan, UT
                    

                        Ogden, UT
                    

                        Provo, UT
                    

                        Salt Lake City, UT
                    

                        St George, UT
                    

                        Chesapeake, VA
                    

                        Newport News, VA
                    

                        Norfolk, VA
                    

                        Richmond, VA
                    

                        Virginia Beach, VA
                    

                        Cheyenne, WY
                    


- Show Less
+ Show More



Key Financials








Next Section: 














Blog






5 Job Search Tactics Using the ROTH (Reach Out to Humans) Method


July 27, 2017









How to Prepare for a Skype Interview


July 26, 2017









These 8 Cities Have the Vast Majority of $100K/Year Tech Jobs


July 26, 2017











33 Interview Questions Wall Street Banks Are Asking Now


July 25, 2017









Will AI Kill the Consulting Industry?


July 25, 2017









Is a Long-Term Career in Consulting Possible?


July 24, 2017











Let’s Eat! The Ins and Outs of the Interview Lunch


July 24, 2017









Do You Earn More Than a Silicon Valley Intern?


July 20, 2017









Should You Pay for Leadership Training?


July 19, 2017

















Featured Guides






The Vault Guide to Resumes and Job-Hunting Skills, Second Edition


It takes more than a solid résumé and cover letter to make...









Vault Guide to the Case Interview, 8th Edition


Case interviews are a crucial part of the hiring process in the...









Vault Guide to Private Equity Jobs


The Vault Guides to Jobs series provides essential...











Vault Guide to Finance Interviews, 9th Edition


The Vault Guide to Finance Interviews, Ninth Edition is a must-have...









Vault Career Guide to Information Technology


Opportunity is definitely knocking for information technology...









Practice Perspectives: Vault’s Guide to Legal Practice Areas, 2017 Edition


Practice Perspectives: Vault’s Guide to Legal Practice Areas is...











Vault Guide to Top Internships, 2017 Edition


The Vault Guide to Top Internships rates 118 internship...









Vault Career Guide to Social Media, Second Edition


In the United States alone, roughly 87 percent of the population use...









Vault Career Guide to Investment Management


As the economy wavers and Social Security becomes increasingly less of...

















Career Advice






Resumes


Free sample resumes and expert advice









Cover Letters


Free sample cover letters and expert advice









Interviewing


Sample interview questions and expert advice









Networking


Get networking tips and expert advice

















© 2017 Vault.com Inc.


		    Browse >
	    


Industries
Professions
Blogs
Contributor Network
Interested in writing for us?
Brand Ambassadors






About Us
For Colleges
For Employers
Jobs
FAQs





Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Contact Us



Connect with Vault















X




                    Please contact customerservice@vault.com for assistance to configure your 
                    Vault account correctly for jobs-related functionality.
                





















Dillards - - Dillard's, Inc. - Financial Information






























Home  ›  Investor Relations  ›  Financial Information 
    


Investor Overview
History of Dillard's, Inc.
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance

Financial Information

SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Quarterly Results


Stock Information

Historic Stock Lookup
Dividend History


Investor FAQs
Contact Us




  
            
          




Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?





Financial Information
Here you will find a summary of Dillard's, Inc.'s latest financial information.




	Latest Earnings Release and 10-Q
	
Date Filed
Format
Size
 


First Quarter Financial Results

N/A
 


Form 10-Q
Jun 6, 2017

     
     
      
      

306.2 KB





 


Latest Annual Report and 10-K
Date Filed
Format
Size
 


2016 Annual Report
 





          3.2 MB
      





Form 10-K
Mar 24, 2017

     
     
      
      

548.7 KB





 


Latest Proxy Statement
Date Filed
Format
Size
 


Proxy Statement (DEFA14A)
Apr 7, 2017

     

463.8 KB





Proxy Statement
Apr 7, 2017

     

  1.0 MB










Share Related Items


Market Cap. (Mil) $



Shares Out (Mil)



Float (Mil)



Share Related information provided by MorningStar, Inc.
  Data as of Jul 28, 2017.
  Mil=Millions



 = add PDF file to Briefcase
	



Stock Quote (NYSE: DDS)
Price:
77.50

Change:
 0.00

Day High:
N/A

Day Low:
N/A

Volume:
N/A

4:04 PM ET on Jul 27, 2017
Delayed at least 20  minutes.Provided by eSignal.



Shareholder Tools



Shareholder Briefcase



Printed Materials



Email Alerts



Download Library



Snapshot



RSS News Feeds




Search Investor Relations






















 Sale & Clearance | Dillards(Logout)(Not Me)LoginMy Dillard'sMy Wish ListMy Wish ListRegistryShopping Bag (0) CLOSE Existing CustomersLoginNew CustomersCreate an accountMy Dillard'sPersonal Information Wish List Address Book Quick Checkout Profile Purchase History Manage eGift Cards Pay My Bill Manage Your Dillard's Card Manage Registry LogoutYou are logging in to Dillards.com.If you want to pay your bill, please visit Dillards.com/payonline.Create an account or log into an accountSale and ClearanceShop By BrandLimited AvailabilityAPO / FPOTrack OrderContact Us Via EmailSale and ClearanceAct fast! We only have a few left of these popular items. Don't miss out - shop our limited availability products now.Women's ClothingShop All 8190 resultsMenShop All 3605 resultsKidsShop All 3165 resultsShoesShop All 2579 resultsJuniorsShop All 2130 resultsLingerieShop All 1435 resultsAccessoriesShop All 705 resultsHandbagsShop All 417 resultsHomeShop All 395 resultsBeautyShop All 7 resultsPrices and sale offers may vary by store location, including Dillards.com, and are subject to change. © 2017 Dillard's






























CPSC, Dillard's, Inc. Announce Recall of Pine Tree Candles | CPSC.gov

































Skip to main content






Languages
简体中文
English
Bahasa Indonesia
한국어
Español
ภาษาไทย
Tiếng Việt





          Text Size: Decrease Font
Increase Font



Contact CPSC



Consumers:



Businesses:






Report an Unsafe Product

Consumers
Businesses










United States
CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION




Search CPSC











Search

















Report an Unsafe Product

Consumers
Businesses






 


HomeRecalls 



CPSC, Dillard's, Inc. Announce Recall of Pine Tree Candles
































FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEDecember 20, 2001Release # 02-075
Candle Recall Hotline: (800) 235-9660CPSC Media Contact: Kim Dulic, (301) 504-7058 



 
WASHINGTON, D.C. - In cooperation with the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC), Dillard's, Inc., of Little Rock, Ark., is voluntarily recalling about 12,000 Pine Tree Candles. The candles can collapse, causing the flame to spread and ignite decorative glitter and paint, which poses a fire hazard to consumers. Dillard's has received one report of a candle that collapsed and spread the flame. No injuries or property damage were reported.The Pine Tree Candles come in the shape of pine trees, and come in two sizes, tall and short. The tall candle is approximately 9 1/2 inches tall and 6 inches wide, and the short candle is approximately 8 inches tall and 5 1/2 inches wide. A label on the side of both candles reads "Noble Excellence." There is also a sticker on the bottom of the tall candle that reads "127CD109," and a sticker on the bottom of the short candle that reads "127CD108."Dillard's stores nationwide sold the candles from October 20, 2001 through December 12, 2001 for between $12 (short candle) and $15 (tall candle).Consumers should stop using these candles immediately and return them to any Dillard's store for a full refund. For more information, call Dillard's at (800) 235-9660 between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. CT Monday through Friday. Consumers can also visit the firm's web site at www.dillards.com for more information. 



The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission is charged with protecting the public from unreasonable risks of injury or death associated with the use of
          thousands of types of consumer products under the agency’s jurisdiction. Deaths, injuries, and property damage from consumer product incidents cost the
          nation more than $1 trillion annually. CPSC is committed to protecting consumers and families from products that pose a fire, electrical, chemical or
          mechanical hazard. CPSC's work to help ensure the safety of consumer products - such as toys, cribs, power tools, cigarette lighters and household
          chemicals -– contributed to a decline in the rate of deaths and injuries associated with consumer products over the past 40 years.
Federal law bars any person from selling products subject to a publicly-announced voluntary recall by a manufacturer or a mandatory recall ordered by the
          Commission.
To report a dangerous product or a product-related injury go online to www.SaferProducts.gov or call CPSC's Hotline at 800-638-2772 or teletypewriter at
          301-595-7054 for the hearing impaired. Consumers can obtain news release and recall information at www.cpsc.gov, on Twitter @USCPSC or by subscribing
          to CPSC's free e-mail newsletters.



Media Contact
Please use the below phone number for all media requests.

              Phone: (301) 504-7908
              Spanish: (301) 504-7800

View CPSC contacts for specific areas of expertise















×
You are about to leave the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) public website.


The link you selected is for a destination outside of the Federal Government. CPSC does not control this external site or its privacy policy and cannot attest to the accuracy of the information it contains. You may wish to review the privacy policy of the external site as its information collection practices may differ from ours. Linking to this external site does not constitute an endorsement of the site or the information it contains by CPSC or any of its employees.
Click Ok if you wish to continue to the website; otherwise, click Cancel to return to our site.


Ok
Cancel




 



