    Evelyn Dilsaver | The Charles Schwab Corporation | ZoomInfo.com










 





Tempur-Pedic Names Evelyn S. Dilsaver as Director (NYSE:TPX)









 








  
                    
                       
                           
   
	  





Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?







« Previous Release | Next Release »














December 17, 2009

Tempur-Pedic Names Evelyn S. Dilsaver as Director


LEXINGTON, Ky., Dec 17, 2009 /PRNewswire-FirstCall via COMTEX News Network/ -- Tempur-Pedic International Inc. (NYSE: TPX), the leading manufacturer, marketer and distributor of premium mattresses and pillows worldwide, today announced that its Board of Directors has voted to expand its Board to eleven directors and elect Evelyn S. Dilsaver to the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
Evelyn S. Dilsaver was President and Chief Executive Officer of Charles Schwab Investment Management from July 2004 until August 2007.  Prior to serving as President and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Dilsaver held various senior management positions with The Charles Schwab Corporation since December 1991, including Executive Vice President and Senior Vice President, Asset Management Products and Services, of Charles Schwab Investment Management and Chief Financial Officer for U.S. Trust Company.  Ms. Dilsaver is also a member of the board of directors of Aeropostale, Inc., Tamalpais Bancorp and HighMark Funds as well as Blue Shield of California and other non-profit boards.  Ms. Dilsaver is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a B.S. degree in Accounting from California State University-Hayward.
"I am delighted to welcome Evelyn Dilsaver to our Board of Directors.  She comes to Tempur-Pedic from a professional career in finance, accounting and general management and considerable experience with consumer-oriented businesses.  I am confident Evelyn will make substantial contributions to our Company," stated P. Andrews McLane, Chairman of the Board of Directors.
About the CompanyTempur-Pedic International Inc. (NYSE: TPX) manufactures and distributes mattresses and pillows made from its proprietary TEMPUR(R) pressure-relieving material. It is the worldwide leader in premium and specialty sleep. The Company is focused on developing, manufacturing and marketing advanced sleep surfaces that help improve the quality of life for people around the world. The Company's products are currently sold in over 80 countries under the TEMPUR(R) and Tempur-Pedic(R) brand names. World headquarters for Tempur-Pedic International is in Lexington, KY. For more information, visit http://www.tempurpedic.com or call 800-805-3635.
SOURCE  Tempur-Pedic International Inc.
http://www.tempurpedic.com

Copyright (C) 2009 PR Newswire. All rights reserved 


Close window | Back to top

 delicious
 Digg
 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 Twitter







Copyright 2017 Tempur Sealy International, Inc.








 

Evelyn S. Dilsaver: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:26 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Schwab Annuity Portfolios - Schwab S&P 500 Index Portfolio



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Evelyn S. Dilsaver  Chief Executive Officer and President, Schwab Annuity Portfolios - Schwab S&P 500 Index PortfolioAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 15 Board Members in 15 different organizations across 38 different industries.See Board Relationships62--
Background

		Ms. Evelyn S. Dilsaver has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Vanguard Montgomery Funds - Vanguard Market Neutral Fund since September 2005. Ms. Dilsaver serves as the President of Mutual Fund Division at UST Advisers, Inc. - Adviser of Equity Income Fund and Emerging Markets Fund. She serves as President of Excelsior Funds Trust. She served as Executive Vice President of Excelsior Venture Partners III, LLC. She served as the Chief Financial Officer and ... Chief Accounting Officer of U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management. She served as an Executive Vice President of Charles Schwab Corp. She served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Schwab Fund Complex and Laudus Fund Complex. She served as the Chief Executive Officer and President at Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc. She served as the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President at U.S.Trust Corporation. She was responsible for the Delaware Trust and Administrative Trust Services and synergy management. She served as the President of Energy and Natural Resources Fund and Excelsior Funds Inc. From July 2003 to July 2004, Ms. Dilsaver served as Senior Vice President of Asset Management Products and Services. Prior to joining U.S. Trust in October, 2000, she served as a Senior Vice President of Asset Management Products and Services with Charles Schwab Corporation, responsible for the integration of Schwab and U.S. Trust and served as an Executive Vice President. She served as the Chief Financial Officer of Laudus Trust and Laudus Variable Insurance Trust. She served as Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer of Excelsior Funds Inc., Excelsior Tax-Exempt Funds, Inc., and Excelsior Funds Trust. She served as Senior Vice President and Controller of First Nationwide Bank. She served as President of Columbia Funds Series Trust I - Columbia International Growth Fund. She worked at Columbia Funds Series Trust I - Columbia Pacific/Asia Fund. Ms. Dilsaver served as a Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. She served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of EQ Advisors Trust and EQ/AXA Rosenberg Value Long/Short Equity Portfolio since September 2005. She held several positions including Controller, Director of Business Strategy and Regional Branch Manager. She also served at Ernst & Whinney, a big six public accounting firm where she specialized in financial institutions. She has been a Director of California Physicians Service, Inc., since September 2009 and Tempur Sealy International Inc. since December 2009. She has been a Director of various HighMark Funds in Fund Complex since January 2008. She serves as a Trustee of Nationwide Funds in Fund Complex. Ms. Dilsaver serves on the Board of a Communications consulting company and serves as Vice President of the Assumption Foundation Board (associated with the local private school). She has been a Director at HealthEquity, Inc. since August 2014. She serves as a Director of Highmark Capital Management, Inc.; Aeropostale Inc., and Blue Shield of California. She has been an Independent Director of Aéropostale, Inc., since October 22, 2007. She has been a Member of Advisory Board at Protiviti Inc. since October 1, 2013. She served as a Member of the Charles Schwab Corporation from December 1991 to September 2007. She served as a Director of Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc.; Longs Drug Stores, L.L.C. (formally, Longs Drug Stores Corp.) since February 27, 2007; Tamalpais Bank and Tamalpais Bancorp. since July 2008. Ms. Dilsaver is on multiple not-for-profit boards, including the California State University East Bay Foundation, NACD Northern California Chapter, The Commonwealth Club and Women's Initiative. She is also the recipient of numerous leadership awards. She graduated from California State University, Hayward with a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and received her Certified Public Accountant while at Ernst & Whinney. She is a graduate of Stanford’s Senior Executive Program.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
211 Main StreetSan Francisco, California 94105United StatesPhone: 415-667-9200Fax: 415-667-1430
Board Members Memberships
DirectorHighmark Capital Management, Inc.TrusteeNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide HighMark Small Cap Core Fund2007-PresentIndependent DirectorAéropostale, Inc.2008-PresentTrusteeNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide Bailard Cognitive Value Fund2008-PresentTrusteeNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide Ziegler NYSE Arca Tech 100 Index Fund2008-PresentIndependent TrusteeNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide Bailard International Equities Fund2008-PresentTrusteeNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide Bailard Technology & Science Fund2008-PresentTrusteeNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide Ziegler Equity Income Fund2008-PresentTrusteeNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide HighMark Bond Fund2008-PresentTrusteeNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide HighMark National Intermediate Tax Free Bond Fund2008-PresentTrusteeNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide Ziegler Wisconsin Tax Exempt Fund2009-PresentDirectorCalifornia Physicians' Service, Inc.2009-PresentDirectorTempur Sealy International, Inc.2014-PresentDirectorHealthEquity, Inc.
Education
BS California State University, Hayward
Other Affiliations
First Nationwide BankThe Charles Schwab CorporationLongs Drug Stores, L.L.C.U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth ManagementAéropostale, Inc.California Physicians' Service, Inc.Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc.Tempur Sealy International, Inc.Excelsior Venture Partners III, LLCProtiviti Inc.Tamalpais BancorpHighmark Capital Management, Inc.California State University, HaywardTamalpais BankHealthEquity, Inc.Laudus Trust - Laudus Rosenberg International Small Capitalization FundSchwab Capital Trust - Laudus International MarketMasters FundVanguard Montgomery Funds - Vanguard Market Neutral FundEQ Advisors Trust - EQ/AXA Rosenberg Value Long/Short Equity PortfolioSchwab Capital Trust - Laudus U.S. MarketMasters FundSchwab Capital Trust - Schwab Total Stock Market Index FundLaudus Rosenberg U.S. Discovery FundNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide Bailard Cognitive Value FundSchwab Capital Trust - Technology FundNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide Ziegler NYSE Arca Tech 100 Index FundSchwab Capital Trust - Schwab Institutional Select S&P 500 FundSchwab Investments - Schwab 1000 Index FundLaudus Trust - Laudus Rosenberg European FundLaudus Trust - Laudus Rosenberg International Equity FundSchwab Capital Trust - Schwab S&P 500 Index FundSchwab Capital Trust - Schwab MarketTrack Conservative PortfolioSchwab Annuity Portfolios - MarketTrack Growth Portfolio IISchwab Capital Trust - Schwab Core Equity FundSchwab Capital Trust - Schwab Financial Services FundSchwab Capital Trust - Schwab Small-Cap Equity FundNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide Bailard International Equities FundHighMark Small Cap Value FundSchwab Capital Trust - Schwab Small-Cap Index FundNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide Bailard Technology & Science FundSchwab Capital Trust - Schwab International Index FundSchwab Capital Trust - Schwab MarketTrack Balanced PortfolioLaudus Trust - Laudus Rosenberg U.S. Large Capitalization Growth FundSchwab Capital Trust - Schwab MarketTrack Growth PortfolioSchwab Capital Trust - Schwab Hedged Equity FundThe Laudus Trust - Laudus Rosenberg U.S. Large Capitalization FundSchwab Capital Trust - Schwab Health Care FundNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide HighMark Value FundLaudus Trust - Laudus Rosenberg U.S. Small Capitalization FundLaudus Trust - Laudus Rosenberg Global Long/Short Equity FundSchwab Capital Trust - Schwab Dividend Equity FundNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide HighMark Large Cap Growth FundLaudus Trust - Laudus Rosenberg Long/Short Equity FundSchwab Capital Trust - Schwab Balanced FundSchwab Capital Trust - Laudus Small-Cap MarketMasters FundExcelsior Funds Inc. -Energy and Natural Resources FundExcelsior Funds, Inc. - Real Estate FundExcelsior Funds, Inc. - Excelsior Funds Trust - Excelsior Small Cap FundExcelsior Funds Inc. - Blended Equity FundColumbia Funds Series Trust I - Columbia Select Large Cap Growth FundExcelsior Funds Trust - Equity Income FundExcelsior Funds Trust - International Equity FundNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide Ziegler Equity Income FundNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide HighMark Small Cap Core FundColumbia Funds Series Trust I - Columbia International Growth FundHighMark Funds - HighMark Large Cap Value FundHighMark Funds - HighMark Fundamental Equity FundColumbia Funds Series Trust I - Columbia Pacific/Asia FundNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide HighMark Bond FundNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide HighMark National Intermediate Tax Free Bond FundHighMark Funds - HighMark Treasury Plus Money Market FundNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide Ziegler Wisconsin Tax Exempt FundNationwide Mutual Funds - Nationwide Geneva Small Cap Growth FundRussell Exchange Traded Funds Trust - Russell Equity ETF


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Schwab Annuity Portfolios - Schwab S&P 500 Index Portfolio, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Evelyn S. Dilsaver










This is a beta version of NNDB







Search: 
      
All Names
Living people
Dead people
Band Names
Book Titles
Movie Titles
Full Text

      for 
      











Evelyn S. DilsaverBorn: c. 1956Gender: FemaleRace or Ethnicity: AsianSexual orientation: StraightOccupation: BusinessNationality: United StatesExecutive summary: Former Schwab executiveHusband: (three sons)    University: BS Accounting, California State University Hayward    Charles Schwab President and CEO, Schwab Investment Management (2004-07)
    Charles Schwab Senior VP Asset Management Products (2003-04)
    Charles Schwab EVP and CFO, US Trust Company (2000-03)
    Charles Schwab (1991-2000)
    First Nationwide Bank Senior VP and Controller (1983-91)
    Ernst and Whinney (1977-)
    Member of the Board of Aeropostale (2007-)
    Member of the Board of Longs Drugs (2007-)
    Filipino Ancestry 





New!
NNDB MAPPER
Create a map starting with


Evelyn S. Dilsaver


Requires Flash 7+ and Javascript.

Do you know something we don't?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile

Copyright ©2014 Soylent Communications




NNDB MAPPERSan Francisco Political LandscapeEvelyn S. DilsaverRequires Flash 7+ and Javascript.Related TopicsAmerican BusinessHelix Fossil







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Evelyn S. Dilsaver - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Evelyn S. Dilsaver
Board Member at Aeropostale, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Evelyn S. Dilsaver? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Evelyn S. Dilsaver's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Evelyn S. Dilsaver's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Evelyn S. Dilsaver's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Evelyn S. Dilsaver through your network of contacts.
												








Evelyn S. Dilsaver's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Tempur Sealy International, Inc.


Board Member, 
Aeropostale, Inc.


Board Member, 
HealthEquity, Inc.


Past
To view Evelyn S. Dilsaver's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
62

 
 


Evelyn S. Dilsaver's Biography



Evelyn Dilsaver has served as a member of our board of directors since August 2014. Ms. Dilsaver was formerly a member of The Charles Schwab Corporation from December 1991 until her retirement in September 2007. During her tenure at The Charles Schwab Corporation, Ms. Dilsaver held various senior management positions within the organization, including Executive Vice President (The Charles Schwab Corporation) and President and Chief Executive Officer (Charles Schwab Investment Management). Prior to becoming President and Chief Executive Officer of Charles Schwab Investment Management, from July 2003 to July 2004, Ms. Dilsaver held the position ...
(Read More)

			Evelyn Dilsaver has served as a member of our board of directors since August 2014. Ms. Dilsaver was formerly a member of The Charles Schwab Corporation from December 1991 until her retirement in September 2007. During her tenure at The Charles Schwab Corporation, Ms. Dilsaver held various senior management positions within the organization, including Executive Vice President (The Charles Schwab Corporation) and President and Chief Executive Officer (Charles Schwab Investment Management). Prior to becoming President and Chief Executive Officer of Charles Schwab Investment Management, from July 2003 to July 2004, Ms. Dilsaver held the position of Senior Vice President, Asset Management Products and Services. Ms. Dilsaver is a member of the board of directors and chair of the audit committee of the publicly traded company Tempur Sealy International, Inc. (NYSE: TPX) and is a member of the board of directors and nominating and governance committee and chair of the audit committee of the publicly traded company Aéropostale Inc. (NYSE: ARO). In the past five years, Ms. Dilsaver has also served as a director of HighMark Funds, Russell Exchange Traded Funds, Longs Drug Stores Corp. and Tamalpais Bancorp. She is also a member of the board of directors of a privately held corporation. Ms. Dilsaver holds a B.S. in Accounting from California State University, East Bay, and is a Certified Public Accountant. The board of directors believes that Ms. Dilsaver's extensive financial industry experience and her background as a chief executive officer qualifies her to serve as a member of our board of directors.
		
Source: HealthEquity, Inc. on 05/08/2015
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Evelyn S. Dilsaver's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Evelyn S. Dilsaver. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Evelyn S. Dilsaver's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Evelyn S. Dilsaver's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Evelyn S. Dilsaver through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Evelyn S. Dilsaver


















Evelyn S. Dilsaver's Connections (153)





Sign up now to view Evelyn S. Dilsaver's 153 connections »









Dale E. Williams
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Tempur Sealy International, Inc.









Leroy T. Barnes
Board Member, The McClatchy Company









Alecia A. DeCoudreaux
Board Member, CVS Health Corporation









Frederick B. Lamster
Former Chairman of the Board, Body Central Corp.









David B. Vermylen
Board Member, Aeropostale, Inc.









Arthur I. Rubinfeld
Former President, Global Development, Starbucks Corporation









Adrian T. Dillon
Former Board Member, Williams-Sonoma, Inc.









Robert W. Selander
Board Member, The Western Union Company









George M. Scalise
Former Board Member, Intermolecular, Inc.









Ian Sacks
Board Member, HealthEquity, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



















Evelyn Dilsaver | Blue Shield of California Foundation


















Jump to navigation








Contact Us
Blog
Grantee Login
Search




Search form

Search 















Home
About Us
Programs
Grants
Publications
Our Work
Impact



Main menu
Home
About UsPresident's Message
Staff
BoardEliza Daniely-Woolfolk
Evelyn Dilsaver
Katherine A. Flores, M.D.
Kim Belshé
Michael A. Rodriguez
Michael Mathias
N. Marcus Thygeson, M.D., M.P.H.
Peter Long, Ph.D.
Raymond Baxter, PhD

Policies
Financials
Careers
Annual Reports
Legacy Projects

Programs
Grants
Publications
Our Work
Impact




President's Message
Staff
Board
Policies
Financials
Careers
Annual Reports
Legacy Projects






 

Evelyn Dilsaver



    Independent Board Director   
Once a CPA at Ernst, Ms Dilsaver spent the first 17 years of her career in the audit and finance functions as controller for a bank and for Charles Schwab and as chief financial officer for U.S. Trust, a wealth management firm. She was given the opportunity to hone her skills in marketing, business development, strategy, mergers and acquisitions and product development, culminating in the role of executive vice president of Charles Schwab, a member of the management committee and president and CEO of Charles Schwab Investment Management.
Ms. Dilsaver is a recognized leader in building motivated teams in the public and nonprofit world. As president and CEO of Charles Schwab Investment Management, she was responsible for all aspects of the business, growing the assets to over $200 billion while generating $1 billion in revenue.
Recognized in the community for her leadership, she has received the San Francisco Business Times’ “100 Most Influential Woman” award 2003-2009, California State University (CSU) East Bay Alumnae of the year 2008, and the San Francisco Business Times’ “Outstanding Director” 2014. Ms. Dilsaver has served on several public and private boards and currently serves on public company boards Aeropostale (ARO), Tempur-pedic (TPX) and Health Equity (HQY); Blue Shield of California; a private REIT and global consulting firm Protiviti. She also serves in leadership roles on several nonprofit boards, including the Commonwealth Club, CSU East Bay Foundation, and the National Association of Corporate Directors Northern California chapter. She is a graduate of CSU East Bay and the Stanford Senior Executive Program.






 




 











© 2009 - 2017. All Rights Reserved. Blue Shield of California Foundation is an independent licensee of the Blue Shield Association.


 
 





Evelyn Dilsaver Speaking Fee & Booking Agent Contact






































































call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532













 


















call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532    
 



About Us
Speaking Engagements
Appearances
Endorsements
Blog
Recent Bookings
Contact


















 

 




­ 



Home >
				Business Executive >
				Evelyn Dilsaver
		

Evelyn Dilsaver Speaker Profile






 Chief Executive Officer and President, Schwab Annuity Portfolios - Schwab S&P 500 Index Portfolio




 

Business Executive, CEO Speakers, 
Fee Range: Call for Booking Fee
Travels From:  Available upon request











Available For: 
												Corporate Appearances, Speaking Engagements, Autograph Signings, Endorsements, Meet & Greets and Keynote Speeches 					 

Evelyn Dilsaver Booking Agent Information
Contact Celebrity Talent Promotions now at 1-888-752-3532 to book Evelyn Dilsaver for a guest appearance, motivational keynote speech, grand opening, autograph signing, product announcement, employee gathering, endorsement or speaking engagement. Our booking agents work on your behalf to get your organization the best price for your desired celebrity.
Booking agents at Celebrity Talent Promotions can assist with booking speakers such as Evelyn Dilsaver for speaking engagements or appearances. Our agents have years of experience booking Business Executive, CEO Speakers and can provide availability, fees and all costs associated with hiring Evelyn Dilsaver for your next corporate event. If your company is interested in finding out booking fees and availability for Evelyn Dilsaver call us at 1.888.752.3532.
Evelyn Dilsaver Biography

Ms. Evelyn S. Dilsaver has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Vanguard Montgomery Funds – Vanguard Market Neutral Fund since September 2005. Ms. Dilsaver serves as the President of Mutual Fund Division at UST Advisers, Inc. – Adviser of Equity Income Fund and Emerging ...
>>Read More 


Ms. Evelyn S. Dilsaver has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Vanguard Montgomery Funds – Vanguard Market Neutral Fund since September 2005. Ms. Dilsaver serves as the President of Mutual Fund Division at UST Advisers, Inc. – Adviser of Equity Income Fund and Emerging Markets Fund. She serves as President of Excelsior Funds Trust. She served as Executive Vice President of Excelsior Venture Partners III, LLC. She served as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management. She served as an Executive Vice President of Charles Schwab Corp. She served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Schwab Fund Complex and Laudus Fund Complex. She served as the Chief Executive Officer and President at Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc. She served as the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President at U.S.Trust Corporation. She was responsible for the Delaware Trust and Administrative Trust Services and synergy management. She served as the President of Energy and Natural Resources Fund and Excelsior Funds Inc. From July 2003 to July 2004, Ms. Dilsaver served as Senior Vice President of Asset Management Products and Services. Prior to joining U.S. Trust in October, 2000, she served as a Senior Vice President of Asset Management Products and Services with Charles Schwab Corporation, responsible for the integration of Schwab and U.S. Trust and served as an Executive Vice President. She served as the Chief Financial Officer of Laudus Trust and Laudus Variable Insurance Trust. She served as Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer of Excelsior Funds Inc., Excelsior Tax-Exempt Funds, Inc., and Excelsior Funds Trust. She served as Senior Vice President and Controller of First Nationwide Bank. She served as President of Columbia Funds Series Trust I – Columbia International Growth Fund. She worked at Columbia Funds Series Trust I – Columbia Pacific/Asia Fund. Ms. Dilsaver served as a Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. She served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of EQ Advisors Trust and EQ/AXA Rosenberg Value Long/Short Equity Portfolio since September 2005. She held several positions including Controller, Director of Business Strategy and Regional Branch Manager. She also served at Ernst & Whinney, a big six public accounting firm where she specialized in financial institutions. She has been a Director of California Physicians Service, Inc., since September 2009 and Tempur Sealy International Inc. since December 2009. She has been a Director of various HighMark Funds in Fund Complex since January 2008. She serves as a Trustee of Nationwide Funds in Fund Complex. Ms. Dilsaver serves on the Board of a Communications consulting company and serves as Vice President of the Assumption Foundation Board (associated with the local private school). She has been a Director at HealthEquity, Inc. since August 2014. She serves as a Director of Highmark Capital Management, Inc.; Aeropostale Inc., and Blue Shield of California. She has been an Independent Director of Aéropostale, Inc., since October 22, 2007. She has been a Member of Advisory Board at Protiviti Inc. since October 1, 2013. She served as a Member of the Charles Schwab Corporation from December 1991 to September 2007. She served as a Director of Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc.; Longs Drug Stores, L.L.C. (formally, Longs Drug Stores Corp.) since February 27, 2007; Tamalpais Bank and Tamalpais Bancorp. since July 2008. Ms. Dilsaver is on multiple not-for-profit boards, including the California State University East Bay Foundation, NACD Northern California Chapter, The Commonwealth Club and Women’s Initiative. She is also the recipient of numerous leadership awards. She graduated from California State University, Hayward with a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and received her Certified Public Accountant while at Ernst & Whinney. She is a graduate of Stanford’s Senior Executive Program.













	     			﻿
                




Disclaimer:
Some parts of the celebrities' biography may be used from Wikipedia, used under the GNU Free Documentation License. CelebrityTalentPromotions.com acts only as an celebrity broker for corporate functions, private events and speaking engagements, and does not claim or represent itself as Evelyn Dilsaver's agent, speakers bureau, manager, publicist, assistant, PR firm or management company. Celebrity Talent Promotions is a Celebrity booking agency representing organizations seeking to hire motivational speakers, athletes, celebrities and corporate entertainment for private corporate events, celebrity endorsements, personal celebrity appearances, spokes person campaigns and speaking engagements. Evelyn Dilsaver's booking and appearance fees, costs and prices on this website are estimates and only act as a guideline. Booking fees are determined by several factors, including location of event, the celebrities schedule, desired duties, supply and demand and other market factors. Bios on this site are for informational purposes 















Check Availability


Fill out our form to get more information
on celebrity booking fees and availability






Fee Range:Please Select$2,500-$5,000$5,000-$10,000$10,000-$20,000$20,000-$30,000$30,000-$50,000$50,000-$100,000$100,000 and UpNot Sure



 
Search Other Talent:



Search Talent:


 By Category 
Accountant
Activists
Actors
Actresses
Addiction Speaker
Adventurers & Explorer
Advertising
Advertising Speakers
Aerospace
Agriculture
Analyst
Animal Speaker
Anthropologist
Architect
Architecture & Design Speakers
Artist
Arts & Sciences
Astronauts
Astrophysicist
Athlete
Attorney
Authors
Auto Racing
Aviation Speaker
Banking
--Baseball
Behavior Expert
Black Heritage
Blogger
Boxing
Broadcasters
Broadcasting Speakers
Broadway Stars
Business Advisor
Business Coach
Business Executive
Business Growth
Business Leaders
Business Referral
Business Speakers
Business Trainer
Cancer Speakers
Celebrity Chefs
Celebrity DJ
Celebrity Headliners
Celebrity Personalities
CEO Speakers
Children's Rights Advocate
Christian Speakers
Classic TV Star
Coaching
Comedians
Commentator
Communication Speakers
Community Leader
Computer Graphics
Computers
Conflict Resolution
Conservative Speaker
Consulting
Corporate Responsibility
Creativity Speaker
Critic
Customer Service
Cybersecurity
Dancer
Design
Designer
Developer
Digital Marketing
Digital Strategist
Diplomat
Director
Diversity Speakers
Doctor
Documentary Producer
E-Commerce
Economics
Editor
Education Speakers
Empowerment Speaker
Engineering
Entertainers
Entertainment
Entrepreneur Speakers
Environmental Speakers
Ethics & Integrity
Extreme Sports
Fashion Designers
Fashion Speaker
Featured Business Speakers
Featured Celebrities
Featured Celebrity Chefs
Featured Comedians
Featured Overall Speakers
Featured Technology Speakers
Featured TV Personalities
Female Hollywood Celebrities
Female Speakers
Figure Skating
Filmmaker
Financial Speakers
Fitness Experts
Fitness Speaker
Foods
Football Celebrities
Footballs
Foreign Policy Speakers
Futurist
Gender and Sexuality Speakers
Generation Issues
Global Issues
Golf
Government Officials
Government Speaker
Graphic Design
Green Speakers
Growth Leader
Hall of Famers
Health & Wellness Speakers
Healthcare
Heroes
Hispanic Heritage
Historian
Hockey
Home and Garden
Homeland Security and Terrorisms
Horse Racing
Hospitality
Host
Host Emcee
Hot Celebrity
Human Resource Speaker
Human Resources
Human Rights
Illusionist
Information Technology
Innovation Speakers
Inspirational Speakers
International Business Speakers
International Relations
Internet / Youtube Sensations
Internet Security
Internet Speaker
Inventor
Investments
Jewish Speakers
Journalist
Judicial System Speaker
Keynote Speaker
Language and Linguistics
Law Enforcement
Leadership Speakers
Legal Speakers
Liberal Speakers
Life Coach
Lifestyle Speakers
Magician
Male Hollywood Celebrities
Marketing Speakers
Marketings and Brandings
Media Speakers
Medical Speakers
Mental Health
Military
Ministry Speaker
Missionary
Models
Motivational Speakers
Musician
Negotiation
Networking
News Anchor
Non Profit Speakers
Nonprofit Fundraising
Nutrition Speakers
Olympic Athletes
Pediatrics
Personal Development
Personal Finance
Personal Growth Speaker
Philanthropist
Philosopher
Photographer
Pilot
Poet
Political Speakers
Producers & Directors
--Professor
Programming
Psychology Speakers
Public Policy
Public Relations
Public Speaking
Publishing
Real Estate Speakers
Reality TV Stars
Record Label Producer
Relationship Speakers
Religion
Religious Speaker
Reporter
--Researcher
Sales Speakers
Scholar
Science & Engineering
Security Expert
Seminar Speakers
Sex Expert
Skateboarders
Skiing
Small Business Speakers
Soccer Celebrities
Social Media Speakers
Software Engineer
Spanish Culture
Sports
Sports Broadcasters
Sports Figures
Sports Inspiration
Sports Motivation
Strategist
Stuntman
Success
Supreme Court Justice
Sustainability
Swimmers and Divers
Swimming
Talent Agent
--Teacher
Teamwork and Teambuildings
Technology Speakers
Television Personalities
Tennis Player
Therapist
Top Technology Speakers
Top10 Business Speakers
Top10 Celebrity Chefs
Top10 Comedians
Top10 Technology Speakers
Top10 TV Personalities
TV Personalities
University Speakers
Venture Capitals
Vice President of a Business
Violence Speaker
Viral Marketing
Web Developer
Wine Enthusiast and Educator
Women Speakers
Women's Health
Women's Rights
Women's Speaker
Writer
Writers and Journalists
Youth Outreach
YouTube Sensations




 By Fee 
 Call for Booking Fee 
$5,000-$10,000
$10,000-$20,000
$20,000-$30,000
$30,000-$50,000
$50,000-$100,000
$100,000 and Up


 






Questions About Booking?

Speak to our 
Live Booking Agents
call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532



Similar Talent and Speakers


 
John Qualter
Cofounder, Director of Media, BioDigital Systems




 
John Putzier
President of FirStep, Inc.




 
John Pudner
Executive Director, Take Back Our Republic




 
John Ridding
Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Times




 
John Paul Macdonald
Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Public Affairs, Bombardier Inc.




>>View More Speakers





 


Start Your Celebrity Booking Request Now







 
  
 
 


 








