

























Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Sells 17,710 Shares of Radian Group Inc. (NYSE:RDN) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Radian Group Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Radian Group Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Brokerages Anticipate 1-800 FLOWERS.COM, Inc. (FLWS) to Announce -$0.08 Earnings Per Share
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Sells 1,411 Shares of McKesson Corporation (NYSE:MCK)
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Sells 17,710 Shares of Radian Group Inc. (NYSE:RDN)
Wyndham Worldwide Corp (NYSE:WYN) Shares Sold by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP
UBS Group AG Sells 4,725 Shares of MSA Safety Incorporporated (NYSE:MSA)
UBS Group AG Has $1.40 Million Stake in Noble Corporation (NYSE:NE)
Pandora Media, Inc. (NYSE:P) Position Boosted by Vanguard Group Inc.
Valero Energy Corporation (VLO) Shares Bought by Snow Capital Management LP
Geode Capital Management LLC Buys 56,939 Shares of Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR)
Brink’s Company (The) (NYSE:BCO) Shares Bought by Geode Capital Management LLC
Geode Capital Management LLC Raises Stake in DSW Inc. (NYSE:DSW)
Geode Capital Management LLC Has $18.82 Million Stake in Gamestop Corporation (GME)
Insulet Corporation (PODD) Shares Bought by Vanguard Group Inc.
Vanguard Group Inc. Has $200.13 Million Stake in Platform Specialty Products Corporation (PAH)
Royal Bank Of Canada Reiterates “$13.00” Price Target for Depomed, Inc. (NASDAQ:DEPO)
United Natural Foods, Inc. (NASDAQ:UNFI) Given a $34.00 Price Target at Royal Bank Of Canada
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ:FFWM) to Hold
Marshall Wace North America L.P. Takes Position in Praxair, Inc. (NYSE:PX)
Plancorp LLC Lowers Position in Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS)
The Priceline Group Inc. (NASDAQ:PCLN) Stake Boosted by Parallel Advisors LLC


 


Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Sells 17,710 Shares of Radian Group Inc. (NYSE:RDN)

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments 

Dimensional Fund Advisors LP cut its stake in Radian Group Inc. (NYSE:RDN) by 0.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 2,795,106 shares of the insurance provider’s stock after selling 17,710 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP owned approximately 1.30% of Radian Group worth $50,199,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of RDN. Capital One National Association increased its position in Radian Group by 0.9% in the first quarter. Capital One National Association now owns 26,450 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $475,000 after buying an additional 243 shares during the last quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. increased its position in Radian Group by 3.6% in the first quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 17,395 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $312,000 after buying an additional 597 shares during the last quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC increased its position in Radian Group by 4.9% in the first quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 21,266 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $381,000 after buying an additional 984 shares during the last quarter. Swiss National Bank increased its position in Radian Group by 0.7% in the first quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 354,650 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $6,370,000 after buying an additional 2,300 shares in the last quarter. Finally, US Bancorp DE increased its position in Radian Group by 2.2% in the first quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 116,345 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $2,089,000 after buying an additional 2,515 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 92.86% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Radian Group Inc. alerts:



Shares of Radian Group Inc. (NYSE RDN) opened at 17.23 on Wednesday. Radian Group Inc. has a 12 month low of $12.14 and a 12 month high of $19.87. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $16.88 and its 200-day moving average price is $17.73. The company has a market cap of $3.71 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.07 and a beta of 1.60. 




Radian Group (NYSE:RDN) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The insurance provider reported $0.37 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.43 by $0.06. Radian Group had a return on equity of 12.26% and a net margin of 26.23%. The company had revenue of $288.80 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $304.96 million. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.37 EPS. Radian Group’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Radian Group Inc. will post $1.63 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
WARNING: “Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Sells 17,710 Shares of Radian Group Inc. (NYSE:RDN)” was originally reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/26/dimensional-fund-advisors-lp-cuts-stake-in-radian-group-inc-nyserdn-updated.html. 
A number of research analysts have recently commented on the company. BidaskClub upgraded Radian Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, June 13th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Radian Group from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, June 28th. ValuEngine upgraded Radian Group from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, June 7th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “buy” rating and issued a $21.00 price target on shares of Radian Group in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG lowered their price target on Radian Group from $22.00 to $21.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $20.88.
Radian Group Company Profile
Radian Group Inc is an insurance holding company that provides mortgage insurance, and products and services to the real estate and mortgage finance industries. The Company operates in two segments: Mortgage Insurance and Services. The Mortgage Insurance segment provides credit-related insurance coverage, principally through private mortgage insurance to mortgage lending institutions. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Radian Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Radian Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿

























Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Donaldson Company Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Donaldson Company Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Spartan Motors (NASDAQ:SPAR) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Accern Reports
Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact FireEye (NASDAQ:FEYE) Share Price
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact DURECT Corporation (NASDAQ:DRRX) Stock Price
Liontrust Asset Management PLC (LON:LIO) Earns Buy Rating from Canaccord Genuity
Royal Bank Of Canada Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Dover Corporation (DOV)
Brokerages Expect Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (APC) to Announce -$0.22 EPS
FBR & Co Weighs in on Pandora Media, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (P)
Diageo PLC (DEO) Position Increased by Capstone Asset Management Co.
Community Trust & Investment Co. Buys Shares of 39,360 Enbridge Inc (NYSE:ENB)
Trust Co. of Vermont Holds Position in Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC)
Creative Planning Holds Position in Dana Incorporated (DAN)
Creative Planning Acquires 2,223 Shares of OGE Energy Corporation (OGE)
Estee Lauder Companies, Inc. (The) (EL) Stake Decreased by Capstone Asset Management Co.
Creative Planning Sells 22,747 Shares of Southside Bancshares, Inc. (SBSI)
Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCBI) Stake Boosted by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky
Regions Financial Corporation (RF) Stake Boosted by Capstone Asset Management Co.
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ Continues to Hold Stake in SEI Investments Company (NASDAQ:SEIC)
Mobile Mini, Inc. (MINI) Position Increased by Atria Investments LLC
Microchip Technology Incorporated (MCHP) Position Cut by Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX
Waters Corporation (WAT) Stake Decreased by Fulton Bank N.A.


 


Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 

Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its position in Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) by 0.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 855,564 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 2,545 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP’s holdings in Donaldson were worth $38,944,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc. raised its position in Donaldson by 0.3% in the first quarter. Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc. now owns 59,312 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $2,700,000 after buying an additional 190 shares during the last quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC raised its position in Donaldson by 8.8% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 1,017,494 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $46,315,000 after buying an additional 82,066 shares during the last quarter. Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. raised its position in Donaldson by 338.0% in the first quarter. Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. now owns 34,809 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,584,000 after buying an additional 26,861 shares during the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in Donaldson by 8.3% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 12,152,840 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $553,197,000 after buying an additional 930,432 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Marshall Wace North America L.P. purchased a new position in Donaldson during the first quarter worth about $2,678,000. 78.76% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 




Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) opened at 47.18 on Tuesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $6.18 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.08 and a beta of 1.21. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $46.07 and its 200-day moving average price is $44.91. Donaldson Company, Inc. has a 12-month low of $35.52 and a 12-month high of $48.91. 


 Get Donaldson Company Inc. alerts:



Donaldson (NYSE:DCI) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, June 1st. The industrial products company reported $0.45 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.01. Donaldson had a return on equity of 28.12% and a net margin of 9.72%. The business had revenue of $608.20 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $580.44 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.43 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that Donaldson Company, Inc. will post ($0.38) EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, June 28th. Stockholders of record on Monday, June 12th were paid a dividend of $0.175 per share. This represents a $0.70 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.48%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, June 8th. Donaldson’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 41.92%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/25/donaldson-company-inc-dci-shares-bought-by-dimensional-fund-advisors-lp.html. 
A number of research analysts recently issued reports on the company. BidaskClub raised Donaldson from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, July 13th. Zacks Investment Research raised Donaldson from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $52.00 target price on the stock in a report on Friday, June 9th. Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $48.00 target price (up from $45.00) on shares of Donaldson in a report on Friday, June 2nd. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Donaldson in a report on Thursday, June 1st. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC raised Donaldson from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $54.00 target price on the stock in a report on Wednesday, May 31st. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. Donaldson has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $48.25.
In other news, Director Michael J. Hoffman sold 14,400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, June 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $46.84, for a total transaction of $674,496.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 41,473 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,942,595.32. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 0.88% of the company’s stock. 
Donaldson Company Profile
Donaldson Company, Inc is a manufacturer of filtration systems and replacement parts. The Company’s segments include Engine Products, Industrial Products and Corporate. The Company’s products are manufactured at approximately 44 plants around the world and through three joint ventures. The Company offers its products under the Ultra-Web, PowerCore and Donaldson brands. 
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DCI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI).

 
Receive News & Ratings for Donaldson Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Donaldson Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 




























﻿




























Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Purchases 2,545 Shares of Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) - StockNewsTimes














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Donaldson Company Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Donaldson Company Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @StockNewTimes









Recent Posts

Brokerages Expect Flextronics International Ltd. (FLEX) to Announce $0.22 Earnings Per Share
AU Optronics Corp (NYSE:AUO) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.02 EPS
Ford Motor Company (F) Posts  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.13 EPS
Intel Corporation (INTC) PT Set at $40.00 by Northland Securities
CNH Industrial NV (NASDAQ:CNHI) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance
Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Takes Position in Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS)
Praxair, Inc. (NYSE:PX) Shares Sold by US Bancorp DE
Edison International (NYSE:EIX) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance
Strayer Education’s (NASDAQ:STRA) Hold Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies
Cantor Fitzgerald Initiates Coverage on PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL)
Bojangles’, Inc. (NASDAQ:BOJA) Downgraded by William Blair
Echo Global Logistics, Inc. (ECHO) Downgraded by UBS AG
Capital Management Associates NY Maintains Stake in Air Lease Corporation (AL)
Albert D Mason Inc. Sells 60 Shares of Imperial Oil Ltd (NYSEMKT:IMO)
Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:LECO) Shares Sold by Albert D Mason Inc.
Ship Finance International Limited (SFL) Position Maintained by Albert D Mason Inc.
Longfellow Investment Management Co. LLC Has $11,600,000 Stake in Reynolds American Inc (RAI)
26,780 Shares in SPDR KBW Regional Banking (NYSE:KRE) Acquired by First Midwest Bank Trust Division
Head-To-Head Analysis: Smith (A.O.) Corporation (AOS) versus Aerohive Networks (HIVE)
Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc (HIK) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages



 


Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Purchases 2,545 Shares of Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI)

					Posted by Mandy Boone on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 



Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of  Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) by 0.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 855,564 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 2,545 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP owned about 0.65% of Donaldson worth $38,944,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Clean Yield Group purchased a new position in shares of  Donaldson during the first quarter valued at about $109,000.  TrimTabs Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of  Donaldson during the first quarter valued at about $125,000.  Schroder Investment Management Group purchased a new position in shares of  Donaldson during the first quarter valued at about $154,000.  Mosaic Family Wealth LLC boosted its position in shares of  Donaldson by 3.0% in the first quarter. Mosaic Family Wealth LLC now owns 4,215 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $192,000 after buying an additional 123 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Tyers Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of  Donaldson by 16.5% in the first quarter. Tyers Asset Management LLC now owns 4,416 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $201,000 after buying an additional 624 shares in the last quarter. 78.76% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Donaldson Company Inc. alerts:



Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) opened at 47.18 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $46.07 and its 200-day moving average is $44.91. Donaldson Company, Inc. has a 1-year low of $35.52 and a 1-year high of $48.91. The firm has a market capitalization of $6.18 billion, a PE ratio of 28.08 and a beta of 1.21. 




Donaldson (NYSE:DCI) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, June 1st. The industrial products company reported $0.45 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.44 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $608.20 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $580.44 million. Donaldson had a return on equity of 28.12% and a net margin of 9.72%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 6.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.43 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts forecast that  Donaldson Company, Inc. will post ($0.38) EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, June 28th. Stockholders of record on Monday, June 12th were issued a dividend of $0.175 per share. This represents a $0.70 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.48%. The ex-dividend date  was Thursday, June 8th. Donaldson’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 41.92%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Purchases 2,545 Shares of Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI)” was originally  reported by StockNewsTimes and is the sole property of of StockNewsTimes. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/25/dimensional-fund-advisors-lp-purchases-2545-shares-of-donaldson-company-inc-nysedci.html. 
DCI has been the topic of several recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Donaldson from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $52.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, May 31st. Jefferies Group LLC raised shares of Donaldson from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $54.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, May 31st. BidaskClub raised shares of Donaldson from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, July 13th. Stifel Nicolaus  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $48.00 price objective (up from $45.00) on shares of Donaldson in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Donaldson in a research note on Thursday, June 1st. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $48.25.
In other news, Director Michael J. Hoffman sold 14,400 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, June 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $46.84, for a total transaction of $674,496.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 41,473 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,942,595.32. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 0.88% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
About Donaldson
Donaldson Company, Inc is a manufacturer of filtration systems and replacement parts. The Company’s segments include Engine Products, Industrial Products and Corporate. The Company’s products are manufactured at approximately 44 plants around the world and through three joint ventures. The Company offers its products under the Ultra-Web, PowerCore and Donaldson brands.







Receive News & Ratings for Donaldson Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Donaldson Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 















































Individual Investors | Dimensional














 









 









                    Individuals
                


Individuals can invest in Dimensional funds through a select group of financial advisors.


We believe an advisor can work closely with you to understand your financial needs and provide a range of wealth management services, while encouraging the discipline essential to long-term investment success.
Dimensional’s Find an Advisor tool can help you locate an advisor near you.





Find an Advisor 

Financial advisors who work with Dimensional operate independently from Dimensional and vary in the extent to which they use Dimensional Funds.
To find an advisor nearest you,* select one of the options below and enter your zip code.


Find an Advisor




Advisors who primarily use Dimensional funds**



No preference





Enter Zip Code








Submit


* All advisors shown in the search results manage at least $20 million in total assets and have used Dimensional funds for at least one year (based on data known to Dimensional).


** Advisors who primarily use Dimensional funds have over 40% of firm assets invested in Dimensional funds (based on data known to Dimensional).












                                #8
                            

Eighth largest US mutual fund family
 
Source: Morningstar Direct Asset Flow. As of November 30, 2016.



                                Zero
                            

Loads paid to advisors by Dimensional US mutual funds



                                28 Years
                            

                                Working with financial advisors in the US
                            







                Financial Advisors on Investing
            
When you see markets differently, you live your life differently. Hear financial advisors address common investment questions and discover how qualified advice can improve your investment experience. 

﻿


        




                                                        How Do I Handle the Ups and Downs in the Market?
                                                    












                                                        Why Should I Invest Internationally?
                                                    












                                                        Is Now a Good Time to Be in the Market?
                                                    












Show More +







Dimensional Fund Advisors LP does not endorse, recommend, or guarantee the services of any advisor. The experience of the speaker may not be representative of the experiences of other individuals. There is no guarantee an investing strategy will be successful.













                                        ROBERT MERTON
                                    
Nobel laureate, 1997 Professor, MIT; Resident Scientist, Dimensional Holdings                                    
                                

                            “Knowing that someone has the incentive to work for you, rather than do something else, is pretty fundamental.”

                        




                                ROBERT MERTON
                            

                            Nobel laureate, 1997 Professor, MIT; Resident Scientist, Dimensional Holdings
                            
                        











Find  an Advisor tool for informational purposes only. Dimensional makes no representation as to the suitability of any advisor, and we do not endorse, recommend, or guarantee the services of any advisor. We urge you to carefully evaluate any advisor whom you may consider hiring. You are responsible for monitoring your advisor’s investment performance. We will not supervise or monitor the advisor’s activities or your account, nor are we responsible for the performance of your investments. We have no discretionary authority or control with respect to how your advisor manages your investment assets. We disclaim any responsibility or liability for any damages arising from your decision to engage the services of an advisor.








Dimensional Fund Advisors LP is an investment advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the Dimensional funds carefully before investing. For this and other information about the Dimensional funds, please read the prospectus carefully before investing. Prospectuses are available by calling Dimensional Fund Advisors collect at (512) 306-7400 or at us.dimensional.com. Dimensional funds are distributed by DFA Securities LLC. None of the other Dimensional entities are currently licensed by, registered with, or supervised by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Nothing on this website shall constitute or serve as an offer to sell products or services in any country or jurisdiction by any Dimensional global firm. For informational purposes only. All information is given in good faith and without warranty and should not be considered investment advice or an offer of any security for sale.









 
Find an Advisor

 

 Learn more about our
Mutual Funds

 






Find an Advisor
Financial advisors who work with Dimensional operate independently from Dimensional and vary in the extent to which they use Dimensional Funds.
To find an advisor nearest you,* select one of the options below and enter your zip code.


Find an Advisor




Advisors who primarily use Dimensional funds**



No preference





Enter Zip Code








Submit


* All advisors shown in the search results manage at least $20 million in total assets and have used Dimensional funds for at least one year (based on data known to Dimensional).


** Advisors who primarily use Dimensional funds have over 40% of firm assets invested in Dimensional funds (based on data known to Dimensional).






Shares of Dimensional's funds are generally available only to institutional investors and clients of select independent financial advisors. Such advisors do not receive compensation from Dimensional or its funds. We believe the decision to hire a financial advisor is in fact a highly personal one. Dimensional does not recommend specific advisors. We will provide, free of any charge or obligation, a list of advisors near you who are authorized to use our funds.

Please be advised that Dimensional does not endorse, recommend, or guarantee the services of the independent financial advisors whose contact information we may provide. The financial advisors are not employees or agents of Dimensional. The list will be only a partial list of financial advisors from whom Dimensional currently agrees to accept client investments. By engaging this service, you agree that Dimensional bears no responsibility for the merits and risks of using any of the independent financial advisors listed and does not represent that any adviser is suitable for you.

Dimensional does not evaluate independent financial advisors in any manner. Dimensional does not evaluate the performance or investigate the registration status or disciplinary history of financial advisors. Dimensional does not and will not supervise any financial advisor and takes no responsibility to monitor the financial advisor's performance or transactions in an investor's account. The contact information that you may be provided is for your informational purposes only and you alone bear the sole responsibility of evaluating the merits and risks associated with the use of any independent financial advisor.

Dimensional urges you to carefully evaluate any financial advisor you may consider hiring. For tips on evaluating a financial advisor, visit the investor information website of the US Securities and Exchange Commission, where you may obtain informative publications such as Investment Advisors: What You Need to Know Before Choosing One and Protect Your Money: Check Out Brokers and Investment Advisors.

In exchange for receiving a list of independent financial advisors from whom Dimensional currently agrees to accept client investments into its funds, you agree not to hold Dimensional liable for any possible claim for damages arising from any decision you make to engage the services of a financial advisor.




I Have Read and Agree To The Terms




Find an Advisor
Financial advisors who work with Dimensional operate independently from Dimensional and vary in the extent to which they use Dimensional Funds.
To find an advisor nearest you,* select one of the options below and enter your zip code.


Find an Advisor




Advisors who primarily use Dimensional funds**



No preference





Enter Zip Code








Submit


* All advisors shown in the search results manage at least $20 million in total assets and have used Dimensional funds for at least one year (based on data known to Dimensional).


** Advisors who primarily use Dimensional funds have over 40% of firm assets invested in Dimensional funds (based on data known to Dimensional).















﻿




























Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $35.21 Million Stake in Smith (A.O.) Corporation (NYSE:AOS) - StockNewsTimes














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Smith (A.O.) Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Smith (A.O.) Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @StockNewTimes









Recent Posts

Brokerages Expect Flextronics International Ltd. (FLEX) to Announce $0.22 Earnings Per Share
AU Optronics Corp (NYSE:AUO) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.02 EPS
Ford Motor Company (F) Posts  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.13 EPS
Intel Corporation (INTC) PT Set at $40.00 by Northland Securities
CNH Industrial NV (NASDAQ:CNHI) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance
Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Takes Position in Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS)
Praxair, Inc. (NYSE:PX) Shares Sold by US Bancorp DE
Edison International (NYSE:EIX) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance
Strayer Education’s (NASDAQ:STRA) Hold Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies
Cantor Fitzgerald Initiates Coverage on PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL)
Bojangles’, Inc. (NASDAQ:BOJA) Downgraded by William Blair
Echo Global Logistics, Inc. (ECHO) Downgraded by UBS AG
Capital Management Associates NY Maintains Stake in Air Lease Corporation (AL)
Albert D Mason Inc. Sells 60 Shares of Imperial Oil Ltd (NYSEMKT:IMO)
Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:LECO) Shares Sold by Albert D Mason Inc.
Ship Finance International Limited (SFL) Position Maintained by Albert D Mason Inc.
Longfellow Investment Management Co. LLC Has $11,600,000 Stake in Reynolds American Inc (RAI)
26,780 Shares in SPDR KBW Regional Banking (NYSE:KRE) Acquired by First Midwest Bank Trust Division
Head-To-Head Analysis: Smith (A.O.) Corporation (AOS) versus Aerohive Networks (HIVE)
Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc (HIK) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages



 


Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $35.21 Million Stake in Smith (A.O.) Corporation (NYSE:AOS)

					Posted by Jesse Mackey on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 



Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in  Smith (A.O.) Corporation (NYSE:AOS) by 0.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 688,153 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 1,515 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP’s holdings in Smith (A.O.) Corporation were worth $35,205,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Quadrature Capital Ltd purchased a new stake in  Smith (A.O.) Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at about $744,000.  UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its stake in  Smith (A.O.) Corporation by 94.5% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 399,201 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $18,903,000 after buying an additional 193,923 shares during the period.  Teachers Advisors LLC raised its stake in  Smith (A.O.) Corporation by 509.7% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 485,709 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $22,998,000 after buying an additional 406,045 shares during the period.  Macquarie Group Ltd. raised its stake in  Smith (A.O.) Corporation by 138.4% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 58,918 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $2,789,000 after buying an additional 34,209 shares during the period.  Finally, Pensionfund Sabic purchased a new stake in  Smith (A.O.) Corporation during the first quarter valued at about $1,499,000. 74.88% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Smith (A.O.) Corporation alerts:



Smith (NYSE AOS) opened at 53.91 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $9.33 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 27.79 and a beta of 1.53. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $56.59 and a 200 day moving average of $52.54. Smith has a 12 month low of $43.66 and a 12 month high of $57.97. 




Smith (A.O.) Corporation (NYSE:AOS) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, July 26th. The industrial products company reported $0.53 EPS for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.53. Smith (A.O.) Corporation had a return on equity of 22.39% and a net margin of 12.22%. The company had revenue of $738.20 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $729.33 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.49 earnings per share. Smith (A.O.) Corporation’s revenue was up 10.7% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts anticipate that  Smith will post $2.10 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Stockholders of record on Monday, July 31st will be issued a dividend of $0.14 per share. This represents a $0.56 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.04%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, July 27th. Smith (A.O.) Corporation’s payout ratio is 29.02%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally  reported by StockNewsTimes and is the sole property of of StockNewsTimes. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/28/dimensional-fund-advisors-lp-has-35-21-million-stake-in-smith-a-o-corporation-nyseaos.html. 
AOS has been the topic of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Smith (A.O.) Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $57.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. KeyCorp  reaffirmed a “sector weight” rating on shares of Smith (A.O.) Corporation in a research report on Friday, April 28th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Jefferies Group LLC  set a $60.00 price target on shares of Smith (A.O.) Corporation and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, June 1st. BidaskClub lowered shares of Smith (A.O.) Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday. Finally, Boenning Scattergood  reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Smith (A.O.) Corporation in a research report on Wednesday. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued  a buy rating to the stock. Smith (A.O.) Corporation presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $65.40.
In other news, insider Mark A. Petrarca sold 20,800 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $53.88, for a total transaction of $1,120,704.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 103,449 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,573,832.12. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Chairman Ajita G. Rajendra sold 30,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $55.25, for a total value of $1,657,500.00. Following the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 269,345 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $14,881,311.25. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 145,928 shares of company stock valued at $7,960,678 in the last three months. 1.27% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
Smith (A.O.) Corporation Company Profile
A. O. Smith Corporation operates through two segments: North America and Rest of World. The Company’s Rest of World segment primarily consists of China, Europe and India. Both segments manufacture and market comprehensive lines of residential and commercial gas, gas tankless and electric water heaters, as well as water treatment products.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AOS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Smith (A.O.) Corporation (NYSE:AOS).







Receive News & Ratings for Smith (A.O.) Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smith (A.O.) Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 



































































Dimensional Fund Advisors LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:48 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Dimensional Fund Advisors LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services primarily to investment companies and mutual funds. It also provides its services to high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, pooled investment vehicles, charitable organizations, corporations, and state or municipal government entities. The firm manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. It also launches and manages equity and fixed income mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. It also invests in real estate markets. The firm primarily invests in growth and value s...
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services primarily to investment companies and mutual funds. It also provides its services to high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, pooled investment vehicles, charitable organizations, corporations, and state or municipal government entities. The firm manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. It also launches and manages equity and fixed income mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. It also invests in real estate markets. The firm primarily invests in growth and value stocks of micro-cap, small-cap, and large-cap companies. It employs a fundamental analysis to make its investments. For its fixed income securities, the firm invests in bonds, U.S. treasury bills, and U.S. government securities. It benchmarks the performance of its large-cap equity portfolios against the S&P 500 Index, Consumer Price Index, MSCI EAFE Index, and Dow Jones Wilshire 500 Index. The firm benchmarks the performance of its fixed income portfolios against the Long Term Government Bond Index. It benchmarks the performance of its equity portfolio investing in Japanese companies against the MSCI Japan Index. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP was founded in 1981 and is based in Austin, Texas with additional offices in Charlotte, North Carolina, Santa Monica, California, London, United Kingdom, Sydney, Australia, Melbourne, Australia, Amsterdam, Netherlands, Toronto, Canada, Vancouver, Canada, Berlin, Germany, Singapore, and Chiyoda-ku, Japan.
Detailed Description


Dimensional Place6300 Bee Cave RoadBuilding OneAustin, TX 78746United StatesFounded in 1981



Phone: 512-306-7400

Fax: 512-306-7499

www.us.dimensional.com







Key Executives for Dimensional Fund Advisors LP




Mr. David Gilbert Booth


      	Founder, Executive Chairman, Co-Chief Executive Officer, and President
      


Age: 70
        







Dr. Eduardo Augusto Repetto Ph.D.


      	Co-Chief Executive Officer, Co-Chief Investment Officer & Director
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. David Paul Butler CFA


      	Director, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Head of Global Financial Advisor Services
      


Age: 52
        







Mr. Stephen A. Clark


      	Head of Global Institutional Services 
      


Age: 44
        







Mr. Ryan J. Wiley


      	Vice President & Co-Head of Global Equity Trading
      


Age: 40
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Key Developments

Dimensional Funds Presents at The North American Electronic Bond Trading Forum 2017, Jun-21-2017 04:15 PM
Jun 19 17
Dimensional Funds Presents at The North American Electronic Bond Trading Forum 2017, Jun-21-2017 04:15 PM. Venue: New York, New York, United States. Speakers: David LaRusso, Vice President and Senior Trader.


Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Announces Executive Changes
Feb 23 17
David Booth is stepping down as CEO of Dimensional Fund Advisors LP. Replacing Booth as co-CEO is Dave Butler. He will share the title with Eduardo Repetto, who has been co-CEO since 2010. Butler has also earned a seat on the company's board. Butler will remain head of global financial advisor services at DFA. Butler will oversee operations that stretch from London to Tokyo.


Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Presents at 14th Annual Citi Asia Pacific Investor Conference, Feb-23-2017 03:30 PM
Feb 21 17
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Presents at 14th Annual Citi Asia Pacific Investor Conference, Feb-23-2017 03:30 PM. Venue: Ritz-Carlton Millenia, Singapore, Singapore. Speakers: Stephen Quance.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      March 15, 2017
			    
KCG Holdings, Inc.



Merger/Acquisition

			      January 20, 2017
			    
Jaclyn Inc.



Merger/Acquisition

			      October 5, 2016
			    
Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Dimensional Fund Advisors LP, please visit www.us.dimensional.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Dimensional Investing | Dimensional Fund Advisors














 









 












Dimensional Investing is about implementing the great ideas in finance
for our clients.




Scroll







Dimensional* at a Glance


As of June 30, 2017                   




                                    36
                                

                                    Years since founding
                                



                                    $518B
                                

                                    In firmwide assets under management, USD (in billions)
                                



                                    12
                                

                                    Offices in eight countries
                                



                                    1,100+
                                

                                    Employees globally
                                







                                    Letter from the Chairman
                                


                                    Founder and Executive Chairman David Booth reflects on the importance of having an investment philosophy you can stick with over the long-term.
                                
Read more 


                                    Dimensional Named “Retirement Leader of the Year”
                                


                                    Dimensional Fund Advisors is honored to be named “2017 Retirement Leader of the Year” by Fund Intelligence.
                                
Learn more 


                                    Find an Advisor Near You
                                


                                    Use our “Find an Advisor” tool to connect with professionals in your area who use Dimensional funds.
                                
Learn more 


                                    Next Generation Target Date Solution
                                


                                    Dimensional’s Target Date Retirement Income Funds are designed to focus on income growth and a more complete risk management framework.
                                
Read more 










How do Dimensional’s results compare to the industry?


















Performance data shown represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. Beginning sample includes funds as of January 1, 2002. The number of beginners is: Industry- 3,545 and Dimensional- 29. Outperformers (winners) are funds with return observations for every month of the 15-year period whose cumulative net return over the period exceeded that of their respective benchmark. US-domiciled open-end mutual fund data is from Morningstar and Center for Research in Security Prices (CRSP) from the University of Chicago.  Equity fund sample includes the Morningstar historical categories: Diversified Emerging Markets, Europe Stock, Foreign Large Blend, Foreign Large Growth, Foreign Large Value, Foreign Small/Mid Blend, Foreign Small/Mid Growth, Foreign Small/Mid Value, Japan Stock, Large Blend, Large Growth, Large Value, Mid-Cap Blend, Mid-Cap Value, Miscellaneous Region, Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stock, Small Blend, Small Growth, Small Value, and World Stock. Fixed income fund sample includes the Morningstar historical categories: Corporate Bond, Inflation-Protected Bond, Intermediate Government, Intermediate-Term Bond, Muni California Intermediate, Muni National Intermediate, Muni National Short, Muni New York Intermediate, Muni Single State Short, Short Government, Short-Term Bond, Ultrashort Bond, and World Bond. Index funds and fund-of-funds are excluded from the sample.The return for funds with multiple share classes is taken as the asset-weighted average of the individual share class observations. Performance of each fund in the industry sample are evaluated relative to the fund’s Morningstar Category Index. Dimensional fund data provided by the fund accountant. Dimensional funds exclude VA funds and those distributed exclusively through Loring Ward.Performance of Dimensional funds measured against prospectus benchmarks. When evaluating the Dimensional funds relative to the fund’s Morningstar category index, 79% outperform. For further methodology details, see the Mutual Fund Landscape brochure.








Do you have an investment approach you can stay with during turbulent markets?


















In USD. Industry net new cash flow data provided by Investment Company Institute© based on the approximately 4,600 US-domiciled equity (domestic and international) mutual funds reported on an aggregate level to the Investment Company Institute©. This includes information on Dimensional’s US-domiciled funds during this period. Dimensional estimated net flow data provided by Morningstar based on Dimensional’s US-domiciled equity mutual funds. For illustrative purposes only. 










01
An enduring belief in the
Power of  Markets









                Capital Markets Have RewardedLong-Term Investors
            

                Growth of $1 USD, Jan. 1926–Dec. 2016
            




















          In USD. Indices are not available for direct investment. Their performance does not reflect the expenses associated with the management of an actual portfolio. US Small Cap is the CRSP 6–10 Index; US Large Cap is the S&P 500 Index. Treasury Bills is the IA SBBI US 30 Day TBill TR USD, provided by Ibbotson Associates via Morningstar Direct. Long-Term Government Bonds is the IA SBBI US LT Govt TR USD, provided by Ibbotson Associates via Morningstar Direct. US Inflation is measured as changes in the US Consumer Price Index. US Consumer Price Index data is provided by the US Department of Labor Bureau of Labor Statistics. CRSP data is provided by the Center for Research in Security Prices, University of Chicago. The S&P data is provided by Standard & Poor’s Index Services Group. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
        











At Dimensional, our investment approach is based on a belief in markets.

Rather than relying on futile forecasting or trying to outguess others, we draw information about expected returns from the market itself—letting the collective knowledge of its millions of buyers and sellers set security prices.

Letting markets do what they do best—drive information into prices—frees us to spend time where we believe we have an advantage, namely in how we interpret the research, how we design and manage portfolios, and how we service our clients. It means we take a less subjective, more systematic approach to investing—an approach we can implement consistently and investors can understand and stick with, even in challenging market environments.





                                        Read more
                                    






                            How Many Funds Outperformed Benchmarks?
                        







Only 18% of equity and fixed income funds that were around at the start of 2002 beat their Morningstar Category index, 15 years later. Over the same time period, 83% of equity and fixed income Dimensional funds outperformed their prospectus benchmarks. The figures are drawn from a selected universe of industry and Dimensional funds available in the US. Please refer to the disclosure for more details.









 
            





Performance data shown represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. Beginning sample includes funds as of January 1, 2002. The number of beginners is: Industry- 3,545 and Dimensional- 29. Outperformers (winners) are funds with return observations for every month of the 15-year period whose cumulative net return over the period exceeded that of their respective benchmark. US-domiciled open-end mutual fund data is from Morningstar and Center for Research in Security Prices (CRSP) from the University of Chicago.  Equity fund sample includes the Morningstar historical categories: Diversified Emerging Markets, Europe Stock, Foreign Large Blend, Foreign Large Growth, Foreign Large Value, Foreign Small/Mid Blend, Foreign Small/Mid Growth, Foreign Small/Mid Value, Japan Stock, Large Blend, Large Growth, Large Value, Mid-Cap Blend, Mid-Cap Value, Miscellaneous Region, Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stock, Small Blend, Small Growth, Small Value, and World Stock. Fixed income fund sample includes the Morningstar historical categories: Corporate Bond, Inflation-Protected Bond, Intermediate Government, Intermediate-Term Bond, Muni California Intermediate, Muni National Intermediate, Muni National Short, Muni New York Intermediate, Muni Single State Short, Short Government, Short-Term Bond, Ultrashort Bond, and World Bond. Index funds and fund-of-funds are excluded from the sample.The return for funds with multiple share classes is taken as the asset-weighted average of the individual share class observations. Performance of each fund in the industry sample are evaluated relative to the fund’s Morningstar Category Index. Dimensional fund data provided by the fund accountant. Dimensional funds exclude VA funds and those distributed exclusively through Loring Ward.Performance of Dimensional funds measured against prospectus benchmarks. When evaluating the Dimensional funds relative to the fund’s Morningstar category index, 79% outperform. For further methodology details, see the Mutual Fund Landscape brochure.



















                                        David Booth
                                    
Founder and Executive Chairman                                    
                                

                            “The number of managers that can successfully pick stocks are fewer than you’d expect by chance. So, why even play that game? You don’t need to.” 

                        




                                David Booth
                            

                            Founder and Executive Chairman
                            
                        









02
Applying insights from
 FINANCIAL SCIENCE









 Breakthroughs in Modern Finance 








1966Efficient Market Hypothesis
 






Efficient Market Hypothesis
Eugene Fama
                  Nobel laureate, 2013
                  Professor, University of Chicago

Eugene Fama’s efficient market hypothesis marks a pivotal moment for modern finance. The essence of the argument can be described by the simple statement that security prices reflect all available information.









1973Intertemporal CAPM
 


 



Intertemporal CAPM
Robert Merton
                    Nobel laureate, 1997
                    Professor, MIT

The ICAPM set up a theoretical framework for how multiple sources of risk could arise. It expanded on the one-period CAPM model where the only priced risk was market beta.









1981Small Cap Investing
 


 



Small Cap Investing
Dimensional Fund Advisors
                    David Booth, Founder
                    and Executive Chairman

Dimensional pioneers small cap investing with the launch of its first strategy, which offers investors diversified, efficient access to small company stocks.






1981 Dimensional Founded



1983Term Structure
 






Term Structure
Eugene Fama
                    Nobel laureate, 2013
                    Professor, University of Chicago

Research shows implied forward interest rates provide information on expected term premiums in fixed income.







1992Value Breakthrough
 






Value Breakthrough
Eugene Fama
                    Nobel laureate, 2013
                    Professor, University of Chicago
Kenneth French
                    Professor, Dartmouth College

Eugene Fama and Kenneth French develop the three-factor asset pricing model, which identifies market, size, and price (value) factors as the principal drivers of equity returns.









2012Profitability
 


 



Profitability
Eugene Fama
                    Nobel laureate, 2013
                    Professor, University of Chicago
Kenneth French
                    Professor, Dartmouth College
Robert Novy-Marx
                    Professor, University of Rochester

A body of academic research led to identifying profitability as a dimension of higher expected returns that can be pursued across equity markets.









Today
 


 












 Dimensional’s Research and Investment teams draw insight from academia, but what sets us apart is how we interpret, test, and apply that research to practical investment solutions for our clients. 




Tomorrow
...
 


 Dimensional was built around a set of ideas bigger than the firm itself. With a confidence in markets, deep connections to the academic community, and a focus on implementation, we go where the science leads, and continue to pursue new insights, both large and small, that can benefit our clients. 

















 Eugene Fama and Kenneth French are members of the Board of Directors for and provide consulting services to Dimensional Fund Advisors LP. Robert Merton and Robert Novy-Marx provide consulting services to Dimensional Fund Advisors LP. 


 








Dimensional’s investment approach is grounded in economic theory and backed by decades of empirical research.


Our internal team of researchers works closely with leading financial economists to better understand where returns come from.


Research has shown that securities that offer higher expected returns share certain characteristics, which we call dimensions. To be considered a dimension, these characteristics must be sensible, persistent over time, pervasive across markets, and cost-effective to capture.





                                        Read More 
                                    






                                The Evolution of Indexing and Dimensional
                            


















                                        Eugene Fama
                                    
Nobel laureate, 2013 Professor, University of Chicago; Director and Consultant, Dimensional                                    
                                

                            “We’re very careful in looking at new research that comes along and making sure it’s robust.” 

                        




                                Eugene Fama
                            

                            Nobel laureate, 2013 Professor, University of Chicago; Director and Consultant, Dimensional
                            
                        












Understanding what drives returns is the starting point. From here, we focus on fine-tuning our method of capturing them.


We structure broadly diversified portfolios that emphasize the dimensions of higher expected returns, while addressing the tradeoffs that arise when executing portfolios.


Every day our portfolio managers and traders seek to balance costs against expected returns and diversification. We work for the slightest expected gain, as every incremental improvement can add up over time.





                                        Read More
                                    






                            The Gap Between Realityand a Model
                        







Limitations
of the Model


False
Positives

Insights



MODEL
REALITY









                 Academic models provide useful insight, but they are incomplete. It’s in the gap between reality and a model where sound judgment and experience matter.
            





                                        Watch
                                        
                                            Dimensional Stories: Models
                                            (03:07)
                                        














                                        Eduardo Repetto
                                    
Co-Chief Executive Officer; Co-Chief Investment Officer                                    
                                

                            “The money we manage is not our money—it’s our clients’ past and their future. We take that responsibility very seriously.”

                        




                                Eduardo Repetto
                            

                            Co-Chief Executive Officer; Co-Chief Investment Officer
                            
                        







 


03

A commitment 
TO OUR CLIENTS









                The Global Financial Crisis and Its Aftermath 
            

                A key to a good long-term investment experience is being able to stay with your investment philosophy, even during tough times. During the rocky 2008–2012 period, many investors sold their equity funds. Dimensional’s equity funds had inflows throughout the period, which could suggest that in aggregate investors were prepared to withstand the market’s movements in order to pursue long-term results.
            




















        In USD. Dimensional estimated net flow data provided by Morningstar based on Dimensional’s US-domiciled equity mutual funds. Industry net new cash flow data provided by Investment Company Institute© based on the approximately 4,600 US-domiciled equity (domestic and international) mutual funds reported on an aggregate level to the Investment Company Institute©. This includes information on Dimensional’s US-domiciled funds during this period. For illustrative purposes only.
        












Dimensional Investing is about providing a successful investment experience.


That means more than considering investment returns. It means offering peace of mind knowing that a transparent approach backed by decades of research is powering every decision.


Markets go up and they go down. The goal of Dimensional Investing is to help people be prepared, so they can stick with their plan.





                                        Read more
                                    






Institutional Investor’s2016 Money Masters
                            


















                                        DAVE BUTLER 
                                    
Co-Chief Executive Officer and Head of Global Financial Advisor Services                                    
                                

                            “The client experience has always been, and will continue to be, why we do what we do.” 

                        




                                DAVE BUTLER 
                            

                            Co-Chief Executive Officer and Head of Global Financial Advisor Services
                            
                        










*“Dimensional” refers to the Dimensional separate but affiliated entities generally, rather than to one particular entity. These entities are Dimensional Fund Advisors LP, Dimensional Fund Advisors Ltd., DFA Australia Limited, Dimensional Fund Advisors Canada ULC, Dimensional Fund Advisors Pte. Ltd., and Dimensional Japan Ltd.








Dimensional Fund Advisors LP is an investment advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the Dimensional funds carefully before investing. For this and other information about the Dimensional funds, please read the prospectus carefully before investing. Prospectuses are available by calling Dimensional Fund Advisors collect at (512) 306-7400 or at us.dimensional.com. Dimensional funds are distributed by DFA Securities LLC. None of the other Dimensional entities are currently licensed by, registered with, or supervised by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Nothing on this website shall constitute or serve as an offer to sell products or services in any country or jurisdiction by any Dimensional global firm. For informational purposes only. All information is given in good faith and without warranty and should not be considered investment advice or an offer of any security for sale.








Eugene Fama is a member of the Board of Directors for and provides consulting services to Dimensional Fund Advisors LP.








Research Dimensional Fund Advisors and DFA Securities with FINRA's BrokerCheck.








Profitability is a measure of current profitability, based on information from individual companies’ income statements. 




















Mutual Funds | Dimensional














 









 








Mutual Funds
Dimensional has been translating financial science into practical investment solutions since 1981. Our equity and fixed income strategies combine rigorous research on the underlying drivers of returns with efficient execution in complex markets.





Clear AllHide FiltersSearchFiltersMutual FundsSearchCloseFiltersClear AllASSET CLASSASSET CLASS EquityFixed IncomeReal EstateGlobal AllocationCommoditiesTarget DateADDITIONAL FILTERSADDITIONAL FILTERS Socially ResponsibleSustainabilityApply Filters



PerformanceFund DocumentsView BenchmarkAS OF07/27/17MonthlyQuarterlyANNUALIZED NET RETURNS AS OF 06/30/17EXPENSE RATIO1PORTFOLIO NAMETICKERINCEPTION DATENAVYTD1 YEAR3 YEAR5 YEAR10 YEARSINCE INCEPTIONGROSSNETAsia Pacific Small Company Portfolio (I)DFRSX01/05/93$23.0012.03%14.95%1.86%5.76%2.33%8.16%0.64%0.54%Calif. Intermediate-Term Muni Bond PortfolioDCIBX11/29/11$10.642.54%-0.17%2.15%2.28%—2.51%0.23%0.23%Calif. Short-Term Muni Bond Portfolio (I)DFCMX04/02/07$10.341.24%0.18%0.83%0.82%1.75%1.77%0.22%0.22%Commodity Strategy PortfolioDCMSX11/09/10$5.85-4.09%-5.09%-13.45%-7.52%—-7.38%0.33%0.33%Continental Small Company Portfolio (I)DFCSX04/15/88$27.2123.13%33.68%7.11%17.29%3.57%9.92%0.64%0.54%Dimensional 2005 Target Date Ret Income FundDRIMX11/02/15$10.503.26%3.75%———4.24%2.04%0.21%Dimensional 2010 Target Date Ret Income FundDRIBX11/02/15$10.613.58%3.84%———4.95%0.89%0.21%Dimensional 2015 Target Date Ret Income FundDRIQX11/02/15$10.653.60%3.52%———5.33%0.47%0.21%Dimensional 2020 Target Date Ret Income FundDRIRX11/02/15$10.794.29%4.86%———6.30%0.37%0.23%Dimensional 2025 Target Date Ret Income FundDRIUX11/02/15$10.995.63%7.51%———7.35%0.37%0.25%Dimensional 2030 Target Date Ret Income FundDRIWX11/02/15$11.157.06%10.56%———8.01%0.43%0.26%Dimensional 2035 Target Date Ret Income FundDRIGX11/02/15$11.268.31%13.96%———8.29%0.52%0.28%Dimensional 2040 Target Date Ret Income FundDRIHX11/02/15$11.509.72%16.95%———9.36%0.52%0.28%Dimensional 2045 Target Date Ret Income FundDRIIX11/02/15$11.6510.49%18.48%———10.10%0.77%0.29%Dimensional 2050 Target Date Ret Income FundDRIJX11/02/15$11.6010.54%18.46%———10.12%0.75%0.29%Dimensional 2055 Target Date Ret Income FundDRIKX11/02/15$11.5910.41%18.37%———10.06%3.60%0.29%Dimensional 2060 Target Date Ret Income FundDRILX11/02/15$11.6110.50%18.44%———10.07%5.48%0.29%Dimensional Retirement Income FundTDIFX11/02/15$10.462.88%3.41%———3.71%2.01%0.22%Diversified Fixed Income PortfolioDFXIX08/10/16$9.771.43%————-1.05%0.45%0.15%Emerging Markets Core Equity Portfolio (I)DFCEX04/05/05$21.6019.00%21.94%1.65%4.69%2.77%8.13%0.53%0.53%Emerging Markets Portfolio (I)DFEMX04/25/94$28.5719.71%22.45%1.38%4.19%2.43%7.01%0.58%0.48%Emerging Markets Portfolio (II)DFETX08/14/97$27.4419.79%22.71%1.61%4.42%2.65%7.20%0.44%0.34%Emerging Markets Small Cap Portfolio (I)DEMSX03/05/98$22.6417.44%19.52%3.49%6.86%3.98%11.66%0.92%0.72%Emerging Markets Social Core Equity PortfolioDFESX08/31/06$13.8919.68%23.24%1.87%4.61%2.37%5.90%0.56%0.56%Emerging Markets Value Portfolio (I)DFEVX04/01/98$29.5317.42%27.59%0.78%3.83%1.36%10.36%0.66%0.56%Emerging Markets Value Portfolio (R2)DFEPX01/29/08$29.3517.28%27.33%0.54%3.57%—1.00%0.91%0.81%Enhanced US Large Co. Portfolio (I)DFELX07/02/96$13.959.49%17.71%9.70%14.73%7.48%8.52%0.23%0.15%Five-Year Global Fixed Income Portfolio (I)DFGBX11/06/90$11.001.56%-0.14%1.90%1.89%3.30%5.33%0.27%0.27%Global Allocation 25/75 Portfolio (I)DGTSX12/24/03$13.313.10%4.93%2.44%3.99%3.77%4.43%0.42%0.25%Global Allocation 25/75 Portfolio (R2)DFGPX12/24/03$13.282.98%4.72%2.07%3.66%3.39%4.08%0.67%0.50%Global Allocation 60/40 Portfolio (I)DGSIX12/24/03$17.396.32%11.96%3.96%8.10%4.71%6.40%0.50%0.28%Global Allocation 60/40 Portfolio (R2)DFPRX12/24/03$17.496.23%11.66%3.70%7.85%4.44%6.14%0.75%0.53%Global Equity Portfolio (I)DGEIX12/24/03$21.599.21%19.96%5.57%12.47%5.02%8.17%0.58%0.30%Global Equity Portfolio (R2)DGERX12/24/03$21.729.09%19.67%5.30%12.18%4.75%7.90%0.83%0.55%Global Real Estate Securities PortfolioDFGEX06/04/08$11.003.75%-1.78%5.56%8.37%—5.41%0.38%0.24%Global Small Company PortfolioDGLIX01/18/17$10.98—————7.40%0.75%0.49%Inflation-Protected Securities Portfolio (I)DIPSX09/18/06$11.761.16%-0.89%0.67%0.22%4.51%4.27%0.12%0.12%Intermediate Government Fixed Income Portfolio (I)DFIGX10/19/90$12.502.13%-2.53%2.30%1.62%4.65%6.22%0.12%0.12%Intermediate-Term Extended Quality PortfolioDFTEX07/20/10$10.853.67%0.37%3.59%3.36%—4.30%0.22%0.22%Intermediate-Term Muni Bond PortfolioDFTIX03/01/12$10.262.39%-0.25%2.10%1.91%—1.74%0.22%0.23%International Core Equity Portfolio (I)DFIEX09/15/05$13.5814.39%22.73%2.16%9.95%1.93%5.26%0.30%0.30%International High Relative Profitability PortfolioDIHRX05/16/17$10.21—————0.38%0.39%0.35%International Large Cap Growth PortfolioDILRX12/20/12$12.5016.85%16.30%1.88%——7.21%0.33%0.30%International Real Estate Securities Portfolio (I)DFITX03/01/07$5.146.38%-0.92%1.07%6.93%0.28%0.33%0.28%0.28%International Small Cap Growth PortfolioDISMX12/20/12$15.0719.60%22.53%6.51%——11.45%0.65%0.55%International Small Cap Value Portfolio (I)DISVX12/29/94$22.4514.55%28.80%4.16%13.74%3.55%7.91%0.68%0.68%International Small Company Portfolio (I)DFISX09/30/96$20.5916.39%24.07%4.56%12.26%3.69%7.31%0.53%0.53%International Social Core Equity PortfolioDSCLX11/01/12$13.0914.06%23.15%1.83%——8.17%0.37%0.37%International Sustainability Core 1 PortfolioDFSPX03/12/08$10.4315.79%22.72%1.91%9.40%—2.80%0.38%0.38%International Value Portfolio (I)DFIVX02/15/94$18.9010.43%25.92%-0.26%8.26%0.03%6.32%0.63%0.43%International Value Portfolio (II)DIVTX08/02/94$5.0710.30%26.17%-0.10%8.45%0.18%6.21%0.47%0.27%International Value Portfolio (III)DFVIX02/02/95$16.0110.48%25.95%-0.12%8.44%0.21%6.83%0.44%0.24%International Value Portfolio (R2)DFIPX04/30/08$18.8510.26%25.57%-0.53%7.98%—0.53%0.88%0.68%International Vector Equity PortfolioDFVQX08/14/08$12.7014.51%24.67%2.44%10.48%—5.47%0.49%0.49%Investment Grade PortfolioDFAPX03/07/11$10.902.60%-0.49%2.80%2.47%—3.71%0.22%0.22%Japanese Small Company Portfolio (I)DFJSX01/31/86$26.2916.27%25.94%10.22%12.30%5.60%5.63%0.64%0.54%Large Cap International Portfolio (I)DFALX07/17/91$22.6013.98%20.06%0.89%8.31%1.32%5.73%0.23%0.23%LTIP PortfolioDRXIX03/07/12$9.061.26%-3.68%0.43%-1.22%—0.21%0.21%0.15%LWAS/DFA Intl. High BtM PortfolioDFHBX06/10/93$8.2610.47%25.79%-0.35%8.21%-0.03%6.69%0.49%0.29%LWAS/DFA Two-Year Fixed PortfolioDFCFX06/06/96$9.990.73%0.57%0.69%0.56%1.45%3.01%0.21%0.21%LWAS/DFA Two-Year Govt. PortfolioDFYGX06/06/96$9.830.25%-0.05%0.42%0.36%1.39%3.01%0.20%0.20%LWAS/DFA US High BtM PortfolioDFBMX06/06/96$19.375.83%20.86%7.55%16.07%6.18%9.31%0.28%0.18%MN Municipal Bond PortfolioDMNBX07/25/17$10.00——————0.31%0.31%Municipal Bond PortfolioDFMPX03/10/15$10.242.11%0.01%———1.96%0.25%0.23%Municipal Real Return PortfolioDMREX11/04/14$9.961.61%1.25%———0.68%0.25%0.27%NY Municipal Bond PortfolioDNYMX06/16/15$10.281.83%0.21%———2.28%0.34%0.25%One-Year Fixed Income Portfolio (I)DFIHX07/25/83$10.310.60%0.63%0.60%0.54%1.34%4.68%0.17%0.17%Real Estate Securities Portfolio (I)DFREX01/05/93$35.362.50%-1.96%8.37%9.32%5.75%10.16%0.19%0.18%Selectively Hedged Global Equity Portfolio (I)DSHGX11/14/11$15.709.75%21.83%5.58%11.80%—11.28%0.64%0.35%Selectively Hedged Global Fixed PortfolioDFSHX01/09/08$9.722.65%1.42%-0.58%0.54%—1.06%0.17%0.17%Short-Duration Real Return PortfolioDFAIX11/05/13$9.950.51%1.32%0.23%——0.79%0.23%0.24%Short-Term Extended Quality PortfolioDFEQX03/04/09$10.871.55%0.60%1.68%1.70%—3.14%0.22%0.22%Short-Term Government PortfolioDFFGX06/01/87$10.640.75%-0.63%1.04%0.85%2.49%5.05%0.19%0.19%Short-Term Muni. Bond Portfolio (I)DFSMX08/20/02$10.221.30%0.16%0.84%0.73%1.62%1.78%0.22%0.22%Social Fixed Income PortfolioDSFIX04/05/16$9.912.58%-0.82%———0.52%0.56%0.26%TA US Core Equity 2 Portfolio (I)DFTCX10/04/07$16.806.46%19.85%7.46%14.71%—7.23%0.24%0.24%TA World ex US Core Equity PortfolioDFTWX03/06/08$11.0215.68%22.79%2.02%8.60%—3.20%0.37%0.37%Targeted Credit PortfolioDTCPX05/20/15$10.072.00%1.19%———2.07%0.24%0.20%Tax-Managed International Value PortfolioDTMIX04/16/99$15.5510.49%25.66%-0.47%7.94%0.17%5.76%0.53%0.53%Tax-Managed US Equity PortfolioDTMEX09/25/01$26.848.96%18.91%9.03%14.57%7.14%7.98%0.22%0.22%Tax-Managed US Marketwide Value PortfolioDTMMX12/14/98$29.305.40%19.32%7.49%15.82%6.32%7.62%0.57%0.37%Tax-Managed US Marketwide Value Portfolio (II)DFMVX12/16/98$27.375.48%19.51%7.66%15.99%6.48%7.74%0.42%0.22%Tax-Managed US Small Cap PortfolioDFTSX12/15/98$41.991.80%22.16%7.43%14.71%6.57%9.64%0.52%0.52%Tax-Managed US Targeted Value PortfolioDTMVX12/11/98$36.160.91%22.16%6.28%15.45%6.20%10.36%0.44%0.44%Two-Year Global Fixed Income Portfolio (I)DFGFX02/09/96$9.970.70%0.65%0.70%0.65%1.52%3.15%0.17%0.17%United Kingdom Small Company Portfolio (I)DFUKX03/04/86$31.3114.34%18.55%0.36%11.65%3.96%9.35%0.71%0.59%US Core Equity 1 Portfolio (I)DFEOX09/15/05$21.057.88%19.65%8.14%14.78%7.29%8.37%0.19%0.19%US Core Equity 2 Portfolio (I)DFQTX09/15/05$20.006.37%19.81%7.24%14.61%6.83%8.10%0.22%0.22%US High Relative Profitability PortfolioDURPX05/16/17$10.41—————1.86%0.29%0.25%US Large Cap Equity PortfolioDUSQX06/25/13$15.298.81%18.92%8.32%——12.50%0.17%0.18%US Large Cap Growth PortfolioDUSLX12/20/12$17.3310.24%16.54%9.36%——14.49%0.20%0.20%US Large Cap Value Portfolio (I)DFLVX02/19/93$37.375.82%20.86%7.58%16.13%6.25%10.25%0.37%0.27%US Large Cap Value Portfolio (II)DFCVX08/02/94$18.475.87%20.99%7.72%16.27%6.36%10.53%0.25%0.15%US Large Cap Value Portfolio (III)DFUVX02/02/95$26.265.86%21.03%7.73%16.29%6.39%10.93%0.23%0.13%US Large Company PortfolioDFUSX09/23/99$19.269.31%17.87%9.56%14.55%7.18%5.64%0.08%0.08%US Micro Cap Portfolio (I)DFSCX12/23/81$21.331.60%24.05%7.66%14.95%7.16%12.02%0.52%0.52%US Small Cap Growth PortfolioDSCGX12/20/12$17.395.37%20.08%7.60%——14.11%0.39%0.40%US Small Cap Portfolio (I)DFSTX03/19/92$34.771.91%21.56%7.25%14.61%7.95%10.63%0.37%0.37%US Small Cap Value Portfolio (I)DFSVX03/02/93$37.01-1.90%21.86%4.72%13.97%5.89%11.78%0.52%0.52%US Social Core Equity 2 PortfolioDFUEX10/01/07$14.916.12%21.02%6.60%14.11%—6.41%0.28%0.28%US Sustainability Core 1 PortfolioDFSIX03/12/08$19.618.42%20.42%8.05%14.78%—9.47%0.26%0.25%US Targeted Value Portfolio (I)DFFVX02/23/00$24.14-0.37%21.55%5.13%14.54%6.55%11.60%0.37%0.37%US Targeted Value Portfolio (R1)DFTVX01/31/08$24.14-0.37%21.45%5.03%14.44%—9.25%0.47%0.47%US Targeted Value Portfolio (R2)DFTPX06/30/08$24.02-0.49%21.18%4.86%14.26%—10.08%0.62%0.62%US Vector Equity Portfolio (I)DFVEX12/30/05$18.353.48%21.47%6.16%14.47%6.28%7.84%0.32%0.32%VA Equity Allocation Portfolio—07/10/17$10.24——————0.59%0.36%VA Global Bond Portfolio—01/12/95$10.821.70%-0.11%1.99%1.94%3.47%4.98%0.24%0.24%VA Global Moderate Allocation Portfolio—04/08/13$12.406.46%12.86%3.79%——6.66%0.52%0.40%VA International Small Portfolio—10/03/95$13.6316.07%24.20%4.74%12.29%3.98%7.14%0.60%0.60%VA International Value Portfolio—10/03/95$12.7910.22%25.98%-0.48%7.85%-0.11%6.37%0.46%0.46%VA Short-Term Fixed Portfolio—10/03/95$10.250.59%0.69%0.54%0.47%1.27%2.83%0.27%0.27%VA US Large Value Portfolio—01/12/95$25.755.80%20.80%7.24%16.05%6.31%9.56%0.27%0.27%VA US Targeted Value Portfolio—10/03/95$19.54-0.26%22.74%5.64%15.25%5.80%10.88%0.38%0.38%VIT Inflation Protected Securities Portfolio—05/29/15$10.081.11%-0.95%———0.90%0.19%0.18%World Core Equity Portfolio (I)DREIX03/07/12$15.3711.43%20.96%5.00%11.60%—10.50%0.64%0.35%World ex US Core Equity PortfolioDFWIX04/09/13$11.6415.39%22.64%1.84%——5.37%0.39%0.39%World Ex US Government Fixed Income Portfolio (I)DWFIX12/06/11$10.091.00%-0.94%4.51%4.06%—4.42%0.22%0.20%World ex US Targeted Value PortfolioDWUSX11/01/12$14.4416.61%27.85%3.69%——9.83%0.76%0.76%World ex US Value PortfolioDFWVX08/23/10$12.0612.54%26.56%0.43%7.72%—5.19%0.76%0.53%PORTFOLIO NAMEProspectusSummaryProspectusSAIAnnualReportSemiannualReportFact SheetHoldingsXBRLAsia Pacific Small Company Portfolio (I)Calif. Intermediate-Term Muni Bond PortfolioCalif. Short-Term Muni Bond Portfolio (I)Commodity Strategy PortfolioContinental Small Company Portfolio (I)Dimensional 2005 Target Date Ret Income Fund-Dimensional 2010 Target Date Ret Income Fund-Dimensional 2015 Target Date Ret Income Fund-Dimensional 2020 Target Date Ret Income Fund-Dimensional 2025 Target Date Ret Income Fund-Dimensional 2030 Target Date Ret Income Fund-Dimensional 2035 Target Date Ret Income Fund-Dimensional 2040 Target Date Ret Income Fund-Dimensional 2045 Target Date Ret Income Fund-Dimensional 2050 Target Date Ret Income Fund-Dimensional 2055 Target Date Ret Income Fund-Dimensional 2060 Target Date Ret Income Fund-Dimensional Retirement Income Fund-Diversified Fixed Income Portfolio-Emerging Markets Core Equity Portfolio (I)Emerging Markets Portfolio (I)Emerging Markets Portfolio (II)Emerging Markets Small Cap Portfolio (I)Emerging Markets Social Core Equity PortfolioEmerging Markets Value Portfolio (I)Emerging Markets Value Portfolio (R2)Enhanced US Large Co. Portfolio (I)Five-Year Global Fixed Income Portfolio (I)Global Allocation 25/75 Portfolio (I)Global Allocation 25/75 Portfolio (R2)Global Allocation 60/40 Portfolio (I)Global Allocation 60/40 Portfolio (R2)Global Equity Portfolio (I)Global Equity Portfolio (R2)Global Real Estate Securities PortfolioGlobal Small Company Portfolio--Inflation-Protected Securities Portfolio (I)Intermediate Government Fixed Income Portfolio (I)Intermediate-Term Extended Quality PortfolioIntermediate-Term Muni Bond PortfolioInternational Core Equity Portfolio (I)International High Relative Profitability Portfolio------International Large Cap Growth PortfolioInternational Real Estate Securities Portfolio (I)International Small Cap Growth PortfolioInternational Small Cap Value Portfolio (I)International Small Company Portfolio (I)International Social Core Equity PortfolioInternational Sustainability Core 1 PortfolioInternational Value Portfolio (I)International Value Portfolio (II)International Value Portfolio (III)International Value Portfolio (R2)International Vector Equity PortfolioInvestment Grade PortfolioJapanese Small Company Portfolio (I)Large Cap International Portfolio (I)LTIP PortfolioLWAS/DFA Intl. High BtM PortfolioLWAS/DFA Two-Year Fixed PortfolioLWAS/DFA Two-Year Govt. PortfolioLWAS/DFA US High BtM PortfolioMN Municipal Bond Portfolio------Municipal Bond PortfolioMunicipal Real Return PortfolioNY Municipal Bond PortfolioOne-Year Fixed Income Portfolio (I)Real Estate Securities Portfolio (I)Selectively Hedged Global Equity Portfolio (I)Selectively Hedged Global Fixed PortfolioShort-Duration Real Return PortfolioShort-Term Extended Quality PortfolioShort-Term Government PortfolioShort-Term Muni. Bond Portfolio (I)Social Fixed Income PortfolioTA US Core Equity 2 Portfolio (I)TA World ex US Core Equity PortfolioTargeted Credit PortfolioTax-Managed International Value PortfolioTax-Managed US Equity PortfolioTax-Managed US Marketwide Value PortfolioTax-Managed US Marketwide Value Portfolio (II)Tax-Managed US Small Cap PortfolioTax-Managed US Targeted Value PortfolioTwo-Year Global Fixed Income Portfolio (I)United Kingdom Small Company Portfolio (I)US Core Equity 1 Portfolio (I)US Core Equity 2 Portfolio (I)US High Relative Profitability Portfolio------US Large Cap Equity PortfolioUS Large Cap Growth PortfolioUS Large Cap Value Portfolio (I)US Large Cap Value Portfolio (II)US Large Cap Value Portfolio (III)US Large Company PortfolioUS Micro Cap Portfolio (I)US Small Cap Growth PortfolioUS Small Cap Portfolio (I)US Small Cap Value Portfolio (I)US Social Core Equity 2 PortfolioUS Sustainability Core 1 PortfolioUS Targeted Value Portfolio (I)US Targeted Value Portfolio (R1)US Targeted Value Portfolio (R2)US Vector Equity Portfolio (I)VA Equity Allocation Portfolio------VA Global Bond PortfolioVA Global Moderate Allocation PortfolioVA International Small PortfolioVA International Value PortfolioVA Short-Term Fixed PortfolioVA US Large Value PortfolioVA US Targeted Value PortfolioVIT Inflation Protected Securities PortfolioWorld Core Equity Portfolio (I)World ex US Core Equity PortfolioWorld Ex US Government Fixed Income Portfolio (I)World ex US Targeted Value PortfolioWorld ex US Value Portfolio1Under certain circumstances, the Advisor has contractually agreed to waive certain fees and/or assume certain expenses of the Portfolio. Unless otherwise stated in the prospectus, the Advisor may amend or discontinue the waivers at any time, one year from the date of the prospectus. The net expense ratio reflects the total annual fund operating expenses of the Portfolio after taking into account any such fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement arrangements. Please read the Portfolio’s prospectus for details and more information.







Information regarding The DFA Short Term Investment Fund provided to satisfy the requirements of Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 may be found here. Shares of The DFA Short Term Investment Fund have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and are not being offered to the public.








Performance is reported net of all advisory fees and includes reinvestment of dividends and other earnings.  Performance data shown represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance shown. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost.  








Performance less than one year is not annualized.








Indices are not available for direct investment; therefore, their performance does not reflect the expenses associated with the management of an actual portfolio. 








Dimensional Fund Advisors LP is an investment advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the Dimensional funds carefully before investing. For this and other information about the Dimensional funds, please read the prospectus carefully before investing. Prospectuses are available by calling Dimensional Fund Advisors collect at (512) 306-7400 or at us.dimensional.com. Dimensional funds are distributed by DFA Securities LLC.








The following portfolios are restricted to specific institutional accounts:  US Large Cap Value Portfolio II, US Large Cap Value Portfolio III, Tax-Mgd. US Mktwd. Value Portfolio II, Intl. Value Portfolio II, Intl. Value Portfolio III, Emerging Markets Portfolio II. 
Prior to February 28, 2015, the LTIP Portfolio was the Dimensional Retirement Fixed Income Fund III. 








Click here to retrieve our Definitions of Terms Document.








Top Holdings - latest 
 















 







Dimensional Fund Advisors LP :: Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













Dimensional Fund Advisors LP


 News & Case Alert  on Dimensional Fund Ad...



Financial » Asset Management » Dimensional Fund Advisors LP






Menu options for Dimensional Fund Advisors LP 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


                Data on cases, clients, outside counsel and individual attorneys collected from active federal civil cases. Reflects only recently published court data; not intended to be exhaustive. Not responsible for errors in court dockets.
            






×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel










News (10)


July  7, 2014
Calif. Proposes A Job-Killing Tax On Talent
... large mutual fund manager, Dimensional Fund Advisers, moved from Los Angeles to Austin, Texas. More...


October 31, 2013
Alco Stores Shareholders Reject $47M Buyout By Argonne
... from Aegis Financial Corp. and Dimensional Fund Advisors Inc. each own about 10 percent.

--Editing by...


May  7, 2013
Alco Stores Fends Off Activist Investor With Poison Pill
... value funds from Aegis Financial Corp. and Dimensional Fund Advisors Inc. each own about 10 percent...


Cases (7)



July 15, 2013 | California Central
Kyle Nelson v. Life Insurance Company of North America et al
Labor: E.R.I.S.A.




April  5, 2012 | New York Southern
Marc S. Kirschner, as Litigation Trustee for the Tribune Litigation Trust v. Dennis J FitzSimons, et al
Other Fraud




January 24, 2012 | New York Southern
Niese et al v. A.G. Edwards Inc. et al
Other Statutory Actions



PTAB Cases (6)



May 18, 2016 | PGR2016-00021
Galaxia Electronics Co., Ltd. v. Revolution Display, LLC




December  5, 2014 | IPR2015-00372
SYMANTEC CORPORATION v. The Trustees of Columbia University in the City of New York




December  5, 2014 | IPR2015-00377
SYMANTEC CORPORATION v. The Trustees of Columbia University




To view all the results and drill down deeper, take a free trial now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login
















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Dimensional Investing | Dimensional Fund Advisors














 









 












Dimensional Investing is about implementing the great ideas in finance
for our clients.




Scroll







Dimensional* at a Glance


As of June 30, 2017                   




                                    36
                                

                                    Years since founding
                                



                                    $518B
                                

                                    In firmwide assets under management, USD (in billions)
                                



                                    12
                                

                                    Offices in eight countries
                                



                                    1,100+
                                

                                    Employees globally
                                







                                    Letter from the Chairman
                                


                                    Founder and Executive Chairman David Booth reflects on the importance of having an investment philosophy you can stick with over the long-term.
                                
Read more 


                                    Dimensional Named “Retirement Leader of the Year”
                                


                                    Dimensional Fund Advisors is honored to be named “2017 Retirement Leader of the Year” by Fund Intelligence.
                                
Learn more 


                                    Find an Advisor Near You
                                


                                    Use our “Find an Advisor” tool to connect with professionals in your area who use Dimensional funds.
                                
Learn more 


                                    Next Generation Target Date Solution
                                


                                    Dimensional’s Target Date Retirement Income Funds are designed to focus on income growth and a more complete risk management framework.
                                
Read more 










How do Dimensional’s results compare to the industry?


















Performance data shown represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. Beginning sample includes funds as of January 1, 2002. The number of beginners is: Industry- 3,545 and Dimensional- 29. Outperformers (winners) are funds with return observations for every month of the 15-year period whose cumulative net return over the period exceeded that of their respective benchmark. US-domiciled open-end mutual fund data is from Morningstar and Center for Research in Security Prices (CRSP) from the University of Chicago.  Equity fund sample includes the Morningstar historical categories: Diversified Emerging Markets, Europe Stock, Foreign Large Blend, Foreign Large Growth, Foreign Large Value, Foreign Small/Mid Blend, Foreign Small/Mid Growth, Foreign Small/Mid Value, Japan Stock, Large Blend, Large Growth, Large Value, Mid-Cap Blend, Mid-Cap Value, Miscellaneous Region, Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stock, Small Blend, Small Growth, Small Value, and World Stock. Fixed income fund sample includes the Morningstar historical categories: Corporate Bond, Inflation-Protected Bond, Intermediate Government, Intermediate-Term Bond, Muni California Intermediate, Muni National Intermediate, Muni National Short, Muni New York Intermediate, Muni Single State Short, Short Government, Short-Term Bond, Ultrashort Bond, and World Bond. Index funds and fund-of-funds are excluded from the sample.The return for funds with multiple share classes is taken as the asset-weighted average of the individual share class observations. Performance of each fund in the industry sample are evaluated relative to the fund’s Morningstar Category Index. Dimensional fund data provided by the fund accountant. Dimensional funds exclude VA funds and those distributed exclusively through Loring Ward.Performance of Dimensional funds measured against prospectus benchmarks. When evaluating the Dimensional funds relative to the fund’s Morningstar category index, 79% outperform. For further methodology details, see the Mutual Fund Landscape brochure.








Do you have an investment approach you can stay with during turbulent markets?


















In USD. Industry net new cash flow data provided by Investment Company Institute© based on the approximately 4,600 US-domiciled equity (domestic and international) mutual funds reported on an aggregate level to the Investment Company Institute©. This includes information on Dimensional’s US-domiciled funds during this period. Dimensional estimated net flow data provided by Morningstar based on Dimensional’s US-domiciled equity mutual funds. For illustrative purposes only. 










01
An enduring belief in the
Power of  Markets









                Capital Markets Have RewardedLong-Term Investors
            

                Growth of $1 USD, Jan. 1926–Dec. 2016
            




















          In USD. Indices are not available for direct investment. Their performance does not reflect the expenses associated with the management of an actual portfolio. US Small Cap is the CRSP 6–10 Index; US Large Cap is the S&P 500 Index. Treasury Bills is the IA SBBI US 30 Day TBill TR USD, provided by Ibbotson Associates via Morningstar Direct. Long-Term Government Bonds is the IA SBBI US LT Govt TR USD, provided by Ibbotson Associates via Morningstar Direct. US Inflation is measured as changes in the US Consumer Price Index. US Consumer Price Index data is provided by the US Department of Labor Bureau of Labor Statistics. CRSP data is provided by the Center for Research in Security Prices, University of Chicago. The S&P data is provided by Standard & Poor’s Index Services Group. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
        











At Dimensional, our investment approach is based on a belief in markets.

Rather than relying on futile forecasting or trying to outguess others, we draw information about expected returns from the market itself—letting the collective knowledge of its millions of buyers and sellers set security prices.

Letting markets do what they do best—drive information into prices—frees us to spend time where we believe we have an advantage, namely in how we interpret the research, how we design and manage portfolios, and how we service our clients. It means we take a less subjective, more systematic approach to investing—an approach we can implement consistently and investors can understand and stick with, even in challenging market environments.





                                        Read more
                                    






                            How Many Funds Outperformed Benchmarks?
                        







Only 18% of equity and fixed income funds that were around at the start of 2002 beat their Morningstar Category index, 15 years later. Over the same time period, 83% of equity and fixed income Dimensional funds outperformed their prospectus benchmarks. The figures are drawn from a selected universe of industry and Dimensional funds available in the US. Please refer to the disclosure for more details.









 
            





Performance data shown represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. Beginning sample includes funds as of January 1, 2002. The number of beginners is: Industry- 3,545 and Dimensional- 29. Outperformers (winners) are funds with return observations for every month of the 15-year period whose cumulative net return over the period exceeded that of their respective benchmark. US-domiciled open-end mutual fund data is from Morningstar and Center for Research in Security Prices (CRSP) from the University of Chicago.  Equity fund sample includes the Morningstar historical categories: Diversified Emerging Markets, Europe Stock, Foreign Large Blend, Foreign Large Growth, Foreign Large Value, Foreign Small/Mid Blend, Foreign Small/Mid Growth, Foreign Small/Mid Value, Japan Stock, Large Blend, Large Growth, Large Value, Mid-Cap Blend, Mid-Cap Value, Miscellaneous Region, Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stock, Small Blend, Small Growth, Small Value, and World Stock. Fixed income fund sample includes the Morningstar historical categories: Corporate Bond, Inflation-Protected Bond, Intermediate Government, Intermediate-Term Bond, Muni California Intermediate, Muni National Intermediate, Muni National Short, Muni New York Intermediate, Muni Single State Short, Short Government, Short-Term Bond, Ultrashort Bond, and World Bond. Index funds and fund-of-funds are excluded from the sample.The return for funds with multiple share classes is taken as the asset-weighted average of the individual share class observations. Performance of each fund in the industry sample are evaluated relative to the fund’s Morningstar Category Index. Dimensional fund data provided by the fund accountant. Dimensional funds exclude VA funds and those distributed exclusively through Loring Ward.Performance of Dimensional funds measured against prospectus benchmarks. When evaluating the Dimensional funds relative to the fund’s Morningstar category index, 79% outperform. For further methodology details, see the Mutual Fund Landscape brochure.



















                                        David Booth
                                    
Founder and Executive Chairman                                    
                                

                            “The number of managers that can successfully pick stocks are fewer than you’d expect by chance. So, why even play that game? You don’t need to.” 

                        




                                David Booth
                            

                            Founder and Executive Chairman
                            
                        









02
Applying insights from
 FINANCIAL SCIENCE









 Breakthroughs in Modern Finance 








1966Efficient Market Hypothesis
 






Efficient Market Hypothesis
Eugene Fama
                  Nobel laureate, 2013
                  Professor, University of Chicago

Eugene Fama’s efficient market hypothesis marks a pivotal moment for modern finance. The essence of the argument can be described by the simple statement that security prices reflect all available information.









1973Intertemporal CAPM
 


 



Intertemporal CAPM
Robert Merton
                    Nobel laureate, 1997
                    Professor, MIT

The ICAPM set up a theoretical framework for how multiple sources of risk could arise. It expanded on the one-period CAPM model where the only priced risk was market beta.









1981Small Cap Investing
 


 



Small Cap Investing
Dimensional Fund Advisors
                    David Booth, Founder
                    and Executive Chairman

Dimensional pioneers small cap investing with the launch of its first strategy, which offers investors diversified, efficient access to small company stocks.






1981 Dimensional Founded



1983Term Structure
 






Term Structure
Eugene Fama
                    Nobel laureate, 2013
                    Professor, University of Chicago

Research shows implied forward interest rates provide information on expected term premiums in fixed income.







1992Value Breakthrough
 






Value Breakthrough
Eugene Fama
                    Nobel laureate, 2013
                    Professor, University of Chicago
Kenneth French
                    Professor, Dartmouth College

Eugene Fama and Kenneth French develop the three-factor asset pricing model, which identifies market, size, and price (value) factors as the principal drivers of equity returns.









2012Profitability
 


 



Profitability
Eugene Fama
                    Nobel laureate, 2013
                    Professor, University of Chicago
Kenneth French
                    Professor, Dartmouth College
Robert Novy-Marx
                    Professor, University of Rochester

A body of academic research led to identifying profitability as a dimension of higher expected returns that can be pursued across equity markets.









Today
 


 












 Dimensional’s Research and Investment teams draw insight from academia, but what sets us apart is how we interpret, test, and apply that research to practical investment solutions for our clients. 




Tomorrow
...
 


 Dimensional was built around a set of ideas bigger than the firm itself. With a confidence in markets, deep connections to the academic community, and a focus on implementation, we go where the science leads, and continue to pursue new insights, both large and small, that can benefit our clients. 

















 Eugene Fama and Kenneth French are members of the Board of Directors for and provide consulting services to Dimensional Fund Advisors LP. Robert Merton and Robert Novy-Marx provide consulting services to Dimensional Fund Advisors LP. 


 








Dimensional’s investment approach is grounded in economic theory and backed by decades of empirical research.


Our internal team of researchers works closely with leading financial economists to better understand where returns come from.


Research has shown that securities that offer higher expected returns share certain characteristics, which we call dimensions. To be considered a dimension, these characteristics must be sensible, persistent over time, pervasive across markets, and cost-effective to capture.





                                        Read More 
                                    






                                The Evolution of Indexing and Dimensional
                            


















                                        Eugene Fama
                                    
Nobel laureate, 2013 Professor, University of Chicago; Director and Consultant, Dimensional                                    
                                

                            “We’re very careful in looking at new research that comes along and making sure it’s robust.” 

                        




                                Eugene Fama
                            

                            Nobel laureate, 2013 Professor, University of Chicago; Director and Consultant, Dimensional
                            
                        












Understanding what drives returns is the starting point. From here, we focus on fine-tuning our method of capturing them.


We structure broadly diversified portfolios that emphasize the dimensions of higher expected returns, while addressing the tradeoffs that arise when executing portfolios.


Every day our portfolio managers and traders seek to balance costs against expected returns and diversification. We work for the slightest expected gain, as every incremental improvement can add up over time.





                                        Read More
                                    






                            The Gap Between Realityand a Model
                        







Limitations
of the Model


False
Positives

Insights



MODEL
REALITY









                 Academic models provide useful insight, but they are incomplete. It’s in the gap between reality and a model where sound judgment and experience matter.
            





                                        Watch
                                        
                                            Dimensional Stories: Models
                                            (03:07)
                                        














                                        Eduardo Repetto
                                    
Co-Chief Executive Officer; Co-Chief Investment Officer                                    
                                

                            “The money we manage is not our money—it’s our clients’ past and their future. We take that responsibility very seriously.”

                        




                                Eduardo Repetto
                            

                            Co-Chief Executive Officer; Co-Chief Investment Officer
                            
                        







 


03

A commitment 
TO OUR CLIENTS









                The Global Financial Crisis and Its Aftermath 
            

                A key to a good long-term investment experience is being able to stay with your investment philosophy, even during tough times. During the rocky 2008–2012 period, many investors sold their equity funds. Dimensional’s equity funds had inflows throughout the period, which could suggest that in aggregate investors were prepared to withstand the market’s movements in order to pursue long-term results.
            




















        In USD. Dimensional estimated net flow data provided by Morningstar based on Dimensional’s US-domiciled equity mutual funds. Industry net new cash flow data provided by Investment Company Institute© based on the approximately 4,600 US-domiciled equity (domestic and international) mutual funds reported on an aggregate level to the Investment Company Institute©. This includes information on Dimensional’s US-domiciled funds during this period. For illustrative purposes only.
        












Dimensional Investing is about providing a successful investment experience.


That means more than considering investment returns. It means offering peace of mind knowing that a transparent approach backed by decades of research is powering every decision.


Markets go up and they go down. The goal of Dimensional Investing is to help people be prepared, so they can stick with their plan.





                                        Read more
                                    






Institutional Investor’s2016 Money Masters
                            


















                                        DAVE BUTLER 
                                    
Co-Chief Executive Officer and Head of Global Financial Advisor Services                                    
                                

                            “The client experience has always been, and will continue to be, why we do what we do.” 

                        




                                DAVE BUTLER 
                            

                            Co-Chief Executive Officer and Head of Global Financial Advisor Services
                            
                        










*“Dimensional” refers to the Dimensional separate but affiliated entities generally, rather than to one particular entity. These entities are Dimensional Fund Advisors LP, Dimensional Fund Advisors Ltd., DFA Australia Limited, Dimensional Fund Advisors Canada ULC, Dimensional Fund Advisors Pte. Ltd., and Dimensional Japan Ltd.








Dimensional Fund Advisors LP is an investment advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the Dimensional funds carefully before investing. For this and other information about the Dimensional funds, please read the prospectus carefully before investing. Prospectuses are available by calling Dimensional Fund Advisors collect at (512) 306-7400 or at us.dimensional.com. Dimensional funds are distributed by DFA Securities LLC. None of the other Dimensional entities are currently licensed by, registered with, or supervised by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Nothing on this website shall constitute or serve as an offer to sell products or services in any country or jurisdiction by any Dimensional global firm. For informational purposes only. All information is given in good faith and without warranty and should not be considered investment advice or an offer of any security for sale.








Eugene Fama is a member of the Board of Directors for and provides consulting services to Dimensional Fund Advisors LP.








Research Dimensional Fund Advisors and DFA Securities with FINRA's BrokerCheck.








Profitability is a measure of current profitability, based on information from individual companies’ income statements. 




















Financial Advisors | Dimensional













 









 









                    Financial  Advisors
                


Dimensional has a unique way of working with financial advisors. 


We want to build deep, working relationships with advisors who share our desire to pursue better financial outcomes for their clients. We believe that client-focused advice and efficient, value-added access to the capital markets can be a successful combination for both advisors and their clients. 

We have seen many advisors thrive with this approach by reorienting their business around the client experience. These firms focus on offering guidance to help investors think differently about investing, so they may pursue long-term goals without the daily worry.




        ﻿
        











                                The Value of Advice
                            

                                (02:56)
                            

                            For more than 25 years, Dimensional has supported the global movement toward client-focused advice. We believe advisors can play a vital role in helping people pursue their financial and investment goals.
                        









                What helps make a great investor experience?
            


Being well prepared for the range of possible outcomes.
Having an investment philosophy you can stick with.
Tuning out the noise and focusing on what you can control.
Taking a long-term view of investing.







                Supporting Key Elements of Your Practice
            
Dimensional has worked with financial advisors for more than 25 years to help them build differentiated, client-focused businesses. Our service model begins with investments and extends to other key areas of an advisor’s business and messaging needs. 









INVESTMENTS
Gain insights to build solutions




                                                Learn more about modern finance and Dimensional Investing while developing a framework for building globally diversified portfolios that target higher expected returns.
                                            






MESSAGING
Communicate effectively




                                                Leverage Dimensional resources and support to educate clients on key investment principles, manage their expectations, and communicate the value of advice.
                                            






BUSINESS
Manage and grow your business




                                                Tap into Dimensional’s advisor benchmarking studies, training and education, and other business development resources to enhance your practice.
                                            











                Providing a Wide Range of Resources
            
Advisors working with Dimensional enjoy a vibrant community where they can network with other like-minded professionals and participate in educational conferences and workshops. We also offer tools, training, and personalized support to help advisors during their business transition, and we are continually developing new content and programs to support an advisor’s marketing and client communication efforts.
Be a part of the community

Conferences and workshops
Study groups
Virtual podcasts and webinars
Advisor Benchmarks studies
Investor surveys
Dimensional videos
Executive Forums

Establish a tailored roadmap for your firm

Dedicated team of regional directors and client service associates
Insights from Dimensional researchers and academic leaders
Portfolio and performance tools
Staff training
Management retreats
Videos and content for training and education

Aid your marketing  and client communication

Dimensional-authored content
Client-ready materials
Educational videos that can be embedded and shared
Value of Advice series
Find an Advisor program
 










                                        Dave Butler
                                    
Co-Chief Executive Officer and Head of Global Financial Advisor Services                                    
                                

                            “An advisor gives discipline around the process and helps a client stay invested through good markets and bad.” 

                        




                                Dave Butler
                            

                            Co-Chief Executive Officer and Head of Global Financial Advisor Services
                            
                        











Dimensional makes no representation as to the suitability of any advisor, and we do not endorse, recommend, or guarantee the services of any advisor.








*“Dimensional Global Firms” refers to the Dimensional separate but affiliated entities generally, rather than to one particular entity. These entities are Dimensional Fund Advisors LP, Dimensional Fund Advisors Ltd., DFA Australia Limited, Dimensional Fund Advisors Canada ULC, Dimensional Fund Advisors Pte. Ltd., and Dimensional Japan Ltd.









 Learn more about our
Next Generation Retirement Solutions

 

 Learn more about our
Mutual Funds

 











Contact Us To learn more, please complete the form below. 



First NameLast NameFirm NameFirm Type
RIA
Independent Broker Dealer
Wirehouse
Bank
Other
EmailPhoneAddressCityStateZip CodeMessageAudienceDC Professional
Financial Advisor
Institutions
Other










 















About Us | Dimensional














 









 









                    About Us
                


Dimensional is a global investment manager dedicated to implementing the great ideas in finance.


Founded in 1981, we have a long history of applying academic research to practical investing. Today, we offer a full range of equity and fixed income strategies designed to target higher expected returns. We regard the assets we manage as more than just shares in a portfolio. The money represents the savings, sacrifice, and dreams that investors have entrusted to us. We take this responsibility seriously.




        ﻿
        











                                Dimensional Origins
                            

                                (4:21)
                            

                            For more than 35 years, Dimensional has been putting financial science to work for investors by translating compelling research into real-world investment solutions.
                        
































                                        Kenneth French
                                    
Professor, Dartmouth College; Director and Consultant, Dimensional                                    
                                

                            “People at Dimensional care much more about getting the right answer than defending their answer.”

                        




                                Kenneth French
                            

                            Professor, Dartmouth College; Director and Consultant, Dimensional
                            
                        







﻿


        




                            We are passionate about what we do, and through our close relationships with institutional investors, consultants, and financial advisors globally, we’ve seen the difference our approach has made in people’s lives over the past 35 years. Hear from our employees.

























                Our Leadership
            
Since the firm was founded in 1981, Dimensional’s leadership has remained committed to fostering a culture of learning, teamwork, innovation, and dedication to always doing what’s right for our clients. 








                                            Global Leadership
                                        



                                            Board Of Directors
                                        




                                    Global Leadership
                                

                                    “Global Leadership” refers to Dimensional Fund Advisors LP (US).
                                






                                                        David Booth
                                                    
Founder and Executive Chairman
                                                










                                                            David Booth
                                                        

Founder and Executive Chairman
                                                        



                                                            “At the end of it all, it’s about implementation of the great ideas—and these ideas are much bigger than the firm.”
                                                        


David Booth, a founder of Dimensional Fund Advisors in 1981, is the firm’s Executive Chairman. 

Currently, David serves on the Investment Company Institute’s Board of Governors and is an active member of ICI’s Executive Committee. In 2016, he received the Investment Management Lifetime Achievement Award from Institutional Investor magazine, and Forbes ranked David as No. 39 on the magazine’s list of the 40 “Money Masters: The Most Powerful People in the Financial World.” In 2012, he was awarded the Outstanding Financial Executive Award by the Financial Management Association International for his background and accomplishments in applying financial theory and research to the practical world of asset management, particularly for his pioneering work in indexing and small capitalization investing. MutualFundWire ranks him seventh in its list of the 100 Most Influential People in mutual funds, and in 2010, InvestmentNews named David as one of “The Power 20” in the financial services industry. 

David has written numerous articles, including “Diversification Returns and Asset Management” with Eugene F. Fama, which won a Graham and Dodd Award of Excellence from the Financial Analysts Journal in 1992. 

The University of Chicago Booth School of Business was named in honor of David, where he also serves as a lifetime member of the school’s business advisory council. David is a member of the board of trustees of the University of Chicago, the University of Kansas Endowment Association, and Museum of Modern Art in New York. He is also on the board of overseers for the Becker Friedman Institute. 

David received his MBA from the University of Chicago in 1971. He also holds an MS and a BA from the University of Kansas.









                                                        Eduardo Repetto
                                                    
Co-Chief Executive Officer, Co-Chief Investment Officer, and Director
                                                










                                                            Eduardo Repetto
                                                        

Co-Chief Executive Officer, Co-Chief Investment Officer, and Director
                                                        






Eduardo Repetto serves as Co-Chief Executive Officer, Co-Chief Investment Officer, and a Director of Dimensional Fund Advisors LP. He provides oversight across the investment, client service, marketing, and operational functions of the firm. He is also a Director and Officer of many of the subsidiaries of Dimensional Fund Advisors LP, which have offices around the world. Eduardo is a member of the Investment Committee and Investment Research Committee of Dimensional. He joined the firm in 2000. He has been a Director of the Dimensional US Mutual Funds since 2009, when he was elected by the shareholders of the funds. 

Eduardo obtained his PhD in aeronautics from the California Institute of Technology in 1998, where he received the William F. Ballhaus Prize for outstanding doctoral dissertation in aeronautics and the Ernest E. Sechler Memorial Award for his teaching and research efforts. Eduardo earned an MSc in engineering from Brown University and a diploma de honor in civil engineering from the Universidad de Buenos Aires. 









                                                        Dave Butler
                                                    
Co-Chief Executive Officer, Head of Global Financial Advisor Services, and Director
                                                










                                                            Dave Butler
                                                        

Co-Chief Executive Officer, Head of Global Financial Advisor Services, and Director
                                                        



                                                            “We’re helping advisors deliver the best possible client experience, and that’s been our model since day one.”
                                                        


Dave Butler serves as Co-Chief Executive Officer, Head of Global Financial Advisor Services, and a Director of Dimensional Fund Advisors LP. He joined Dimensional in 1995 and brings more than 20 years of experience working with financial advisors. He leads a worldwide team of regional directors and client services professionals who apply Dimensional’s strategies and resources to help advisors provide investors with an outstanding client experience. Dave is on the firm’s Executive Committee and has been involved with firmwide strategic vision and decision making for many years. 


Dave attended the University of California, Berkeley, earning his BS in marketing and finance in 1986 and an MBA in 1990. He received the CFA designation in 1998. Dave played basketball for Cal and was drafted by the Boston Celtics. In 2011, he was inducted into the Cal Athletics Hall of Fame, and in 2014, he was named to the Pac-12 Basketball Hall of Honor. Dave was also a Rhodes Scholar candidate.









                                                        Gerard K. O’Reilly
                                                    
Co-Chief Investment Officer and Head of Research
                                                










                                                            Gerard K. O’Reilly
                                                        

Co-Chief Investment Officer and Head of Research
                                                        



                                                            “The nuance and expertise is where you take knowledge and information and implement it in a real test, not in the backtest.”
                                                        


Gerard O’Reilly serves as Co-Chief Investment Officer and Head of Research at Dimensional Fund Advisors. He oversees the design, development, and research that inform Dimensional’s investment approach, as well as its application through portfolio management and trading. As Head of Research, he leads a team that works closely with the academic community, conducts its own thorough testing of the research, and identifies relevant applications for Dimensional’s investment solutions.

Gerard is also co-chair of the Investment Research Committee and a member of the Investment Committee. The Investment Committee sets policy and oversees management of the firm’s portfolios and accounts.

Prior to joining Dimensional in 2004, Gerard received his PhD in aeronautics from the California Institute of Technology. He also holds an MSc in high-performance computing and a BA in theoretical physics from the mathematics department of Trinity College Dublin, where he was a recipient of the college’s Foundation Scholarship.









                                                        Stephen Clark
                                                    
Head of Global Institutional Services and President, Dimensional International
                                                










                                                            Stephen Clark
                                                        

Head of Global Institutional Services and President, Dimensional International
                                                        



                                                            “Once you understand the way we invest money at Dimensional, it’s very hard to go do it somewhere else. If you truly believe in what we do, there’s just no other place like this.”
                                                        


Stephen A. Clark oversees Dimensional’s global Institutional group. The group services corporate, subadvisory, endowment, foundation, university, and public clients as well as the consulting community. Steve is deeply involved in the design and marketing of new products and strategies, and works closely with the Investment team. Prior to his current position in the Institutional group, Steve oversaw Dimensional’s global Portfolio Management department.

Steve joined Dimensional in 2001 as a general portfolio manager in US equities and became co-head of the international Portfolio Management and Trading group in 2004. His financial career began at John Nuveen & Company in 1997, where he was instrumental in structuring mergers and acquisitions for the company’s healthcare services division. He holds an MBA from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and a BS from Bradley University.









                                                        Sam Gilliland
                                                    
Senior Adviser and Chief Operating Officer 
                                                










                                                            Sam Gilliland
                                                        

Senior Adviser and Chief Operating Officer 
                                                        






As Senior Adviser, Sam Gilliland works across the entire firm to enhance practices and disciplines necessary to achieve the growth Dimensional anticipates in the coming years. As Chief Operating Officer, Sam is also responsible for the Finance and Accounting, Human Resources, and Technology teams.

Prior to joining Dimensional, Sam was an executive partner with a private equity firm while also serving on the boards of several public and private companies. In addition, for nearly 10 years he was chairman and chief executive officer of Sabre, a technology firm focused on the travel sector, where he managed more than 10,000 employees in 60 countries. Sam holds an MBA from the University of Texas at Dallas and a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from the University of Kansas.









                                                        Catherine L. Newell
                                                    
General Counsel
                                                










                                                            Catherine L. Newell
                                                        

General Counsel
                                                        






Catherine Newell serves as General Counsel for Dimensional, supervising the legal work of Dimensional and its subsidiaries and funds. In this role, she oversees the preparation of new product and corporate governance materials, business contracts, and other legal and regulatory matters, and heads up the firm’s Global Legal team. In addition, Catherine serves on Dimensional’s seven-person Executive Committee in the role of Chief of Staff. Prior to joining Dimensional in 1996, she was an associate in the law firm of Morrison & Foerster LLP, practicing in the areas of corporate finance and investment management law. 

Catherine earned a JD from the University of California, Los Angeles, School of Law in 1989, where she served on the UCLA Law Review, and a bachelor of arts in government from the University of Notre Dame in 1986.









                                                        Christopher Crossan
                                                    
Global Chief Compliance Officer
                                                










                                                            Christopher Crossan
                                                        

Global Chief Compliance Officer
                                                        






Christopher Crossan is vice president and Global Chief Compliance Officer for Dimensional Fund Advisors, managing all compliance matters for the firm, its subsidiaries, and the Dimensional Funds.

Previously, Chris was senior compliance officer for INVESCO Institutional. Before that, he filled a variety of roles at the US Securities and Exchange Commission, inspecting more than 100 investment firms. His last role at the SEC was as branch chief, overseeing their mutual fund and advisor inspection programs in the Southeastern US. Chris is a CPA and holds a BS in accountancy from Arizona State University.






                                    Global Affiliates
                                

                                    These entities are Dimensional Fund Advisors Ltd., DFA Australia Limited, Dimensional Fund Advisors Canada ULC, Dimensional Fund Advisors Pte. Ltd., and Dimensional Japan Ltd.
                                






                                                        Art Barlow
                                                    
Managing Director and Senior Portfolio Manager, Dimensional Fund Advisors Ltd. (UK)
                                                










                                                            Art Barlow
                                                        

Managing Director and Senior Portfolio Manager, Dimensional Fund Advisors Ltd. (UK)
                                                        






Arthur H.F. Barlow serves as Managing Director of Dimensional Fund Advisors Ltd., overseeing Dimensional’s EMEA business.

In his 26-year career at Dimensional, Art has been involved in all aspects of the firm’s business. When he joined Dimensional in 1990, he was one of six portfolio managers and one of only 40 firm employees. In February 1992, he was chosen by Dimensional founder David Booth to solidify Dimensional’s European presence through the opening of the firm’s London office. Art established and grew the office, overseeing all local activities. He then became head of Dimensional’s International Desk and subsequently became head of Technology, spearheading a project to implement a new portfolio management and trading database and establishing Dimensional’s online presence. Art is an experienced leader and investment professional who has extensive contact with clients and consultants and represents Dimensional at conferences and industry events.

Art received his MBA in finance from the Anderson School of Management at the University of California, Los Angeles, and holds a BA in economics from UCLA.









                                                        Glenn Crane
                                                    
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, DFA Australia Limited (Australia)
                                                










                                                            Glenn Crane
                                                        

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, DFA Australia Limited (Australia)
                                                        






J. Glenn Crane is a founding director of DFA Australia Limited and was responsible for establishing the business in 1994. He is Chairman of the board of directors and the Compliance Committee.

Glenn has extensive experience in all aspects of the financial services sector. In addition to his role at Dimensional, he is the chairman of Ceanet Pty Limited and NAQ Technology Limited, and is a fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. Glenn received his BComm and LLB from the University of New South Wales and practiced law for five years before moving into the commercial environment.









                                                        Peng Chen
                                                    
Chief Executive Officer, Dimensional Fund Advisors Pte. Ltd. (Asia ex Japan)
                                                










                                                            Peng Chen
                                                        

Chief Executive Officer, Dimensional Fund Advisors Pte. Ltd. (Asia ex Japan)
                                                        






Peng Chen joined Dimensional in 2012 as Chief Executive Officer of Asia ex Japan. He is a member of Dimensional’s Investment Research Committee and chairs the global Defined Contribution Business Committee. In addition, he serves as Adjunct Professor in Finance at the Chinese University of Hong Kong.

Prior to joining Dimensional, Peng served as president of Morningstar’s global investment management division, which consists of Morningstar’s investment consulting, retirement advice, and investment management operations in North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia, with approximately $190 billion in assets under advisement or management. Before that, he was president and chief investment officer at Ibbotson Associates. Peng is an editorial board member of the Financial Analysts Journal and a contributing editor for the Asian Financial Planning Journal. He was selected to the Chicago Crain’s Business “40 under 40s” in 2007. He was also named to the Investment Advisor list of the “25 Most Influential Individuals” in 2008 and won the Financial Analysts Journal’s prestigious Graham and Dodd Scroll Award three times, in 2011, 2007, and 2003. He also won the Retirement Income Industry Association’s 2012 Academic Thought Leadership Award.

Peng holds a PhD and MS in consumer economics from Ohio State University. Before coming to the US to pursue his graduate studies, Peng grew up in Harbin, China, and holds a BS in industrial engineering from the Harbin Institute of Technology in China.









                                                        John R. Alkire
                                                    
Chief Executive Officer, Dimensional Japan Ltd. (Japan)
                                                










                                                            John R. Alkire
                                                        

Chief Executive Officer, Dimensional Japan Ltd. (Japan)
                                                        






John Alkire is Chief Executive Officer of Dimensional Japan Ltd. and serves as the head of Dimensional’s Japan operations. John was appointed CEO of Dimensional Japan in November 2012 and began his tenure in January 2013. Prior to his appointment, John was a consultant to Dimensional, assisting the firm in its expansion in Asia.

John has more than 35 years of securities investment experience. Previously, he served as president and chief investment officer of Morgan Stanley Asset & Investment Trust Management Co., Ltd. (MSAITM) in Tokyo, where he oversaw approximately $45 billion in institutional assets. John joined Morgan Stanley in 1981 as head of institutional equity for Asia in New York and established MSAITM, later renamed Morgan Stanley Investment Management (Japan), in Japan in 1995. In 1996, MSAITM was selected by Japan’s Government Pension Investment Fund (then called Nempuku) as one of the first three investment managers to manage its assets.

John’s relationship with Dimensional began in the late 1980s. He first worked with Dimensional founder David Booth in 1985, and while at Morgan Stanley, he helped launch a Japanese small company strategy for Dimensional in 1986.

John was the first non-Japanese vice chairman of the Japanese Securities Investment Advisors Association, from 1998 to 2000. He was born and raised in Japan, speaks fluent Japanese, and graduated from the University of Victoria, British Columbia.








                                    Board of Directors, Dimensional Fund Advisors, US
                                

                                    “Board of Directors” refers to Dimensional Fund Advisors LP (US).
                                






                                                        David Booth
                                                    
Chairman
                                                










                                                            David Booth
                                                        

Chairman
                                                        



                                                            “At the end of it all, it’s about implementation of the great ideas—and these ideas are much bigger than the firm.”
                                                        


David Booth, a founder of Dimensional Fund Advisors in 1981, is the firm’s Executive Chairman. 

Currently, David serves on the Investment Company Institute’s Board of Governors and is an active member of ICI’s Executive Committee. In 2016, he received the Investment Management Lifetime Achievement Award from Institutional Investor magazine, and Forbes ranked David as No. 39 on the magazine’s list of the 40 “Money Masters: The Most Powerful People in the Financial World.” In 2012, he was awarded the Outstanding Financial Executive Award by the Financial Management Association International for his background and accomplishments in applying financial theory and research to the practical world of asset management, particularly for his pioneering work in indexing and small capitalization investing. MutualFundWire ranks him seventh in its list of the 100 Most Influential People in mutual funds, and in 2010, InvestmentNews named David as one of “The Power 20” in the financial services industry. 

David has written numerous articles, including “Diversification Returns and Asset Management” with Eugene F. Fama, which won a Graham and Dodd Award of Excellence from the Financial Analysts Journal in 1992. 

The University of Chicago Booth School of Business was named in honor of David, where he also serves as a lifetime member of the school’s business advisory council. David is a member of the board of trustees of the University of Chicago, the University of Kansas Endowment Association, and Museum of Modern Art in New York. He is also on the board of overseers for the Becker Friedman Institute. 

David received his MBA from the University of Chicago in 1971. He also holds an MS and a BA from the University of Kansas.









                                                        Eugene Fama
                                                    
Nobel laureate, Director, and Consultant
                                                










                                                            Eugene Fama
                                                        

Nobel laureate, Director, and Consultant
                                                        



                                                            “In poring over statistical work, we try to document whether it’s really systematic or just a chance result. It’s like an ongoing crime scene, where you’re always learning stuff.”
                                                        


Eugene F. Fama, 2013 Nobel laureate in Economic Sciences, is the principal scholar whose groundbreaking work inspired the founding of Dimensional. Widely recognized as the "father of modern finance," Professor Fama developed the efficient market hypothesis. He serves on Dimensional's board of directors and Investment Research Committee. In this capacity, Professor Fama advises the firm on many of its strategies and is also a frequent speaker at Dimensional conferences and seminars. Professor Fama has written two books and published more than 100 articles in academic journals. His paper "The Cross-Section of Expected Stock Returns," coauthored with Kenneth R. French, won the 1992 Smith Breeden Prize for the best paper in the Journal of Finance. And his paper "Market Efficiency, Long-Term Returns, and Behavioral Finance" won the 1998 Fama-DFA Prize for the best paper published in the Journal of Financial Economics in the areas of capital markets and asset pricing.

Professor Fama received the Fred Arditti Innovation Award from the CME Center for Innovation in 2007. He was also the first recipient of three major prizes for research in finance: the Deutsche Bank Prize in Financial Economics in 2005, the Morgan Stanley American Finance Association Award for Excellence in Finance in 2007, and the Onassis Prize in Finance in 2009. His other awards include the 1982 Chaire Francqui (Belgian National Science Prize) and the 2006 Nicholas Molodovsky Award from the CFA Institute.

Professor Fama was the first elected fellow of the American Finance Association in 2001 and is a fellow of the Econometric Society and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He is also an advisory editor of the Journal of Financial Economics and chairman of the Center for Research in Security Prices at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business.

Professor Fama earned a bachelor's degree from Tufts University and an MBA and PhD from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business in 1964. He joined the Chicago Booth faculty in 1963. He has been awarded a doctor of law degree from the University of Rochester; a doctor of law degree from DePaul University; a doctor honoris causa from the Catholic University of Leuven, Belgium; and a doctor of science honoris causa from Tufts.










                                                        Kenneth French
                                                    
Director, Consultant, and Co-Chair of the Investment Research Committee
                                                










                                                            Kenneth French
                                                        

Director, Consultant, and Co-Chair of the Investment Research Committee
                                                        



                                                            “It’s just fun to do research, learn new stuff, and potentially have an impact on the way other people are thinking about the world.”
                                                        


Kenneth R. French is the Roth Family Distinguished Professor of Finance at the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College. He is an expert on the behavior of security prices and investment strategies. He and coauthor Eugene F. Fama are well known for their research into the value effect and the three-factor model, including articles such as "The Cross-Section of Expected Stock Returns" and "Common Risk Factors in the Returns on Stocks and Bonds." His recent research focuses on tests of asset pricing, the tradeoff between risk and return in domestic and international financial markets, and the relation between capital structure and firm value.

Professor French is a consultant to Dimensional Fund Advisors, a member of the firm's board of directors, and co-chair of Dimensional's Investment Research Committee. He is also a regular speaker at Dimensional conferences and seminars.

French is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Finance Association, and the Financial Management Association. He is also a research associate at the National Bureau of Economic Research; an advisory editor of the Journal of Financial Economics, the Journal of Banking and Finance, and the Financial Review; a former associate editor of the Journal of Finance and the Review of Financial Studies; and a former president of the American Finance Association. French is a member of the International Rescue Committee's Board of Overseers and chairman of the Valpo Surf Project's Board of Directors.

Before joining Dartmouth, Professor French was on the faculty of MIT's Sloan School of Management, the Yale School of Management, and the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business. Professor French received his PhD in finance from the University of Rochester in 1983. He also earned an MS and an MBA from the University of Rochester and a BS from Lehigh University. In addition to teaching, doing research, and working on investment issues, he enjoys bicycling, snowshoeing, and hiking.










                                                        John A. McQuown
                                                    
Director
                                                










                                                            John A. McQuown
                                                        

Director
                                                        



                                                            “Modern finance is based primarily on scientific reasoning guided by theory, not subjectivity and speculation.”
                                                        


John A. "Mac" McQuown worked with Dimensional cofounder David G. Booth to develop the first institutional index funds at Wells Fargo in the early 1970s, and was the first chairman of the Wells Fargo Investment Advisors (now Barclays Global Investors). He maintains close ties to investment strategies as a cofounding member of Dimensional Fund Advisors' board of directors.

As an independent consultant, McQuown worked with large multinational financial institutions in the development and implementation of investment strategies in markets around the globe. In addition to serving on Dimensional's board of directors, he is cofounder and director of Diversified Credit Investments LLC, which builds diversified corporate debt portfolios with proprietary quantitative methods. McQuown owns and oversees Stone Edge Vineyard and Stone Edge Farm Winery in Sonoma, California.










                                                        Eduardo Repetto
                                                    
Director
                                                










                                                            Eduardo Repetto
                                                        

Director
                                                        






Eduardo Repetto serves as Co-Chief Executive Officer, Co-Chief Investment Officer, and a Director of Dimensional Fund Advisors LP. He provides oversight across the investment, client service, marketing, and operational functions of the firm. He is also a Director and Officer of many of the subsidiaries of Dimensional Fund Advisors LP, which have offices around the world. Eduardo is a member of the Investment Committee and Investment Research Committee of Dimensional. He joined the firm in 2000. He has been a Director of the Dimensional US Mutual Funds since 2009, when he was elected by the shareholders of the funds. 

Eduardo obtained his PhD in aeronautics from the California Institute of Technology in 1998, where he received the William F. Ballhaus Prize for outstanding doctoral dissertation in aeronautics and the Ernest E. Sechler Memorial Award for his teaching and research efforts. Eduardo earned an MSc in engineering from Brown University and a diploma de honor in civil engineering from the Universidad de Buenos Aires. 









                                                        Dave Butler
                                                    
Director
                                                










                                                            Dave Butler
                                                        

Director
                                                        



                                                            “We’re helping advisors deliver the best possible client experience, and that’s been our model since day one.”
                                                        


Dave Butler serves as Co-Chief Executive Officer, Head of Global Financial Advisor Services, and a Director of Dimensional Fund Advisors LP. He joined Dimensional in 1995 and brings more than 20 years of experience working with financial advisors. He leads a worldwide team of regional directors and client services professionals who apply Dimensional’s strategies and resources to help advisors provide investors with an outstanding client experience. Dave is on the firm’s Executive Committee and has been involved with firmwide strategic vision and decision making for many years. 


Dave attended the University of California, Berkeley, earning his BS in marketing and finance in 1986 and an MBA in 1990. He received the CFA designation in 1998. Dave played basketball for Cal and was drafted by the Boston Celtics. In 2011, he was inducted into the Cal Athletics Hall of Fame, and in 2014, he was named to the Pac-12 Basketball Hall of Honor. Dave was also a Rhodes Scholar candidate.






                                    Board of Directors, Dimensional Mutual Funds, US
                                








                                                        David Booth
                                                    
Chairman
                                                










                                                            David Booth
                                                        

Chairman
                                                        



                                                            “At the end of it all, it’s about implementation of the great ideas—and these ideas are much bigger than the firm.”
                                                        


David Booth, a founder of Dimensional Fund Advisors in 1981, is the firm’s Executive Chairman. 

Currently, David serves on the Investment Company Institute’s Board of Governors and is an active member of ICI’s Executive Committee. In 2016, he received the Investment Management Lifetime Achievement Award from Institutional Investor magazine, and Forbes ranked David as No. 39 on the magazine’s list of the 40 “Money Masters: The Most Powerful People in the Financial World.” In 2012, he was awarded the Outstanding Financial Executive Award by the Financial Management Association International for his background and accomplishments in applying financial theory and research to the practical world of asset management, particularly for his pioneering work in indexing and small capitalization investing. MutualFundWire ranks him seventh in its list of the 100 Most Influential People in mutual funds, and in 2010, InvestmentNews named David as one of “The Power 20” in the financial services industry. 

David has written numerous articles, including “Diversification Returns and Asset Management” with Eugene F. Fama, which won a Graham and Dodd Award of Excellence from the Financial Analysts Journal in 1992. 

The University of Chicago Booth School of Business was named in honor of David, where he also serves as a lifetime member of the school’s business advisory council. David is a member of the board of trustees of the University of Chicago, the University of Kansas Endowment Association, and Museum of Modern Art in New York. He is also on the board of overseers for the Becker Friedman Institute. 

David received his MBA from the University of Chicago in 1971. He also holds an MS and a BA from the University of Kansas.









                                                        George M. Constantinides
                                                    
Independent Director and Leo Melamed Professor of Finance, University of Chicago
                                                










                                                            George M. Constantinides
                                                        

Independent Director and Leo Melamed Professor of Finance, University of Chicago
                                                        






An independent director of Dimensional's US mutual fund board, George M. Constantinides is the Leo Melamed Professor of Finance at the Chicago Booth School of Business. He is a leader in portfolio management, asset pricing, derivatives pricing, and capital markets behavior. Widely published and a frequent speaker and editor, Professor Constantinides is a Fellow of the American Finance Association and former president of the American Finance Association and of the Society for Financial Studies, among many other professional affiliations. A graduate of Oxford University in England and Indiana University, he has been a Marvin Bower Fellow at Harvard University and taught at Carnegie Mellon University.









                                                        Douglas W. Diamond
                                                    
Independent Director and Merton H. Miller Distinguished Service Professor of Finance, University of Chicago
                                                










                                                            Douglas W. Diamond
                                                        

Independent Director and Merton H. Miller Distinguished Service Professor of Finance, University of Chicago
                                                        






Douglas W. Diamond specializes in the study of financial intermediaries, financial crises, and liquidity. He is the Merton H. Miller Distinguished Service Professor of Finance at the University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business. He has been on the faculty since 1979. Diamond is a research associate of the National Bureau of Economic Research and a visiting scholar at the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond. He was president of the American Finance Association and the Western Finance Association and is a fellow of the National Academy of Sciences, the Econometric Society, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and the American Finance Association. Diamond received the CME Group- Mathematical Sciences Research Institute Prize in Innovative Quantitative Applications in 2016 and the Morgan Stanley-American Finance Association Award for Excellence in Finance in 2012.


He has taught at Yale and was a visiting professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management, the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology as well as the University of Bonn. Diamond earned a bachelor's degree in economics from Brown University in 1975. He earned master's degrees in 1976 and 1977 and a PhD in 1980 in economics from Yale University.










                                                        John P. Gould
                                                    
Independent Director and Steven G. Rothmeier Distinguished Service Professor of Economics, University of Chicago
                                                










                                                            John P. Gould
                                                        

Independent Director and Steven G. Rothmeier Distinguished Service Professor of Economics, University of Chicago
                                                        






John P. Gould serves as an independent director of Dimensional's US mutual fund board and is a specialist in the economics of information, microeconomic theory, industrial organization, strategy, law, and economics. A member of the faculty of the University of Chicago Booth School of Business since 1965, Professor Gould was dean of the school from 1983–1993 and is now the Steven G. Rothmeier Professor and Distinguished Service Professor of Economics. A busy editor, trustee, and director, he holds a BS with highest distinction from Northwestern University and an MBA and PhD from the University of Chicago.









                                                        Roger G. Ibbotson
                                                    
Independent Director and Professor in the Practice of Finance, Yale University
                                                










                                                            Roger G. Ibbotson
                                                        

Independent Director and Professor in the Practice of Finance, Yale University
                                                        






Roger G. Ibbotson is the chairman and CIO of Zebra Capital Management, LLC, a global equity asset and hedge fund manager. He is also advisor and founder of Ibbotson Associates, now a Morningstar, Inc., company. His book with Rex A. Sinquefield, Stocks, Bonds, Bills, and Inflation, updated annually, serves as the standard reference for information on investment market returns. He is a regular contributor and editorial board member to both trade and academic journals, and is the recipient of many awards including Graham and Dodd Awards of Excellence in 1979, 1982, 1984, 2001, 2004, and 2007.

A professor of finance at Yale School of Management, Professor Ibbotson received a PhD from the University of Chicago, an MBA from Indiana University, and a BS from Purdue University.










                                                        Edward P. Lazear
                                                    
Independent Director and Jack Steele Parker Professor of Human Resources Management and Economics, Stanford Graduate School of Business
                                                










                                                            Edward P. Lazear
                                                        

Independent Director and Jack Steele Parker Professor of Human Resources Management and Economics, Stanford Graduate School of Business
                                                        






Edward P. Lazear is widely recognized for his worldwide contributions as a labor economist and founder of a field known as personnel economics. He has been awarded extensively for his accomplishments as a teacher, author, and researcher.

Ed served as chairman of the President's Council of Economic Advisers and worked for the White House from 2006 to 2009. Previously, he was a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution from 1985 to 2002. He has also been an advisor to the governments of Czechoslovakia, Romania, Russia, Ukraine, and Georgia.

Prior to joining Stanford University in 1992, Professor Lazear taught for several years at what is now known as the University of Chicago Booth School of Business, where he was the Brown Professor of Urban and Labor Economics.










                                                        Eduardo Repetto
                                                    
Director
                                                










                                                            Eduardo Repetto
                                                        

Director
                                                        






Eduardo Repetto serves as Co-Chief Executive Officer, Co-Chief Investment Officer, and a Director of Dimensional Fund Advisors LP. He provides oversight across the investment, client service, marketing, and operational functions of the firm. He is also a Director and Officer of many of the subsidiaries of Dimensional Fund Advisors LP, which have offices around the world. Eduardo is a member of the Investment Committee and Investment Research Committee of Dimensional. He joined the firm in 2000. He has been a Director of the Dimensional US Mutual Funds since 2009, when he was elected by the shareholders of the funds. 

Eduardo obtained his PhD in aeronautics from the California Institute of Technology in 1998, where he received the William F. Ballhaus Prize for outstanding doctoral dissertation in aeronautics and the Ernest E. Sechler Memorial Award for his teaching and research efforts. Eduardo earned an MSc in engineering from Brown University and a diploma de honor in civil engineering from the Universidad de Buenos Aires. 









                                                        Myron S. Scholes
                                                    
Nobel laureate, Independent Director, and Frank E. Buck Professor Emeritus of Finance and Law, Stanford University
                                                










                                                            Myron S. Scholes
                                                        

Nobel laureate, Independent Director, and Frank E. Buck Professor Emeritus of Finance and Law, Stanford University
                                                        






A Frank E. Buck Professor Emeritus of Finance at the Stanford University Graduate School of Business, Myron S. Scholes is widely known for his seminal work in options pricing, capital markets, tax policy, and the financial services industry. He is co-originator of the Black-Scholes options pricing model, which is the basis of the pricing and risk-management technology that is used to value and manage the risk of financial instruments around the world. For this work, he received the Alfred Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1997.

An expert in finance and tax law, Professor Scholes is chairman of Oak Hill Platinum Partners and a managing partner in the private and public investment groups of the Robert M. Bass organization. Oak Hill Platinum Partners, a hedge fund, specializes in providing inventory services in G7 fixed income markets to the global banking and dealer communities. He received a PhD from the University of Chicago, where he went on to serve as the Edward Eagle Brown Professor of Finance, and has also taught at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Sloan School of Management.










                                                        Abbie J. Smith
                                                    
Independent Director and Boris and Irene Stern Professor of Accounting, University of Chicago
                                                










                                                            Abbie J. Smith
                                                        

Independent Director and Boris and Irene Stern Professor of Accounting, University of Chicago
                                                        






Abbie J. Smith is the Boris and Irene Stern Distinguished Service Professor of Accounting at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. She has taught and conducted research in financial reporting, corporate governance, and capital markets since joining Chicago's faculty in 1980 following completion of her PhD at Cornell University. She received the McKinsey Award for Excellence in Teaching in 1990. She is a coeditor of the Journal of Accounting Research, an independent director of Dimensional's US mutual fund board, and a director of Chicago-based UBS Funds, HNI Corp., and Ryder System, Inc.















 
Media Center

 

 
Corporate Governance

 

 
Careers

 















﻿





























MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (MWA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (MWA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Analysts Give Nordex SE (ETR:NDX1) a €12.00 Price Target
SAP SE (ETR:SAP) PT Set at €108.00 by Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)
Scotiabank Reaffirms Hold Rating for Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP)
WNS (Holdings) Limited (WNS) Price Target Raised to $40.00 at Citigroup Inc.
Zendesk, Inc. (ZEN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stifel Nicolaus
Fiserv (NASDAQ:FISV) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.42
8point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD) Stock Rating Lowered by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.
Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Ventas (VTR) Stock Price
Invesco PLC (IVZ) PT Raised to $40.00 at Jefferies Group LLC
Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC Purchases 1,108 Shares of HCA Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:HCA)
MB Financial Inc. (MBFI) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.64 Per Share
Analyzing Pep Boys – Manny Moe & Jack (PBY) & AutoZone (NYSE:AZO)
CommerceHub, Inc. (CHUBA) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Summit Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:SMMF) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Monday
Videocon d2h Limited (VDTH) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday
Western Gas Partners, LP (NYSE:WES) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Ceragon Networks Ltd. (CRNT) to Hold
Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation (AP) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Marquee Energy Ltd (MQX) Director Acquires C$11,200.00 in Stock







MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (MWA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments




MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note issued to investors on Friday. 
According to Zacks, “Mueller Water Products, Inc. manufactures and markets products and services that are used in the transmission and distribution of safe, clean drinking water and in water treatment facilities. Their broad product portfolio includes engineered valves, fire hydrants, pipe fittings, water meters and ductile iron pipe, which are used by municipalities, as well as the residential and non-residential construction industries.   “


 Get MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS alerts:



Several other brokerages have also issued reports on MWA. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $15.00 price target on shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Nomura assumed coverage on shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $15.00 price target on the stock. CIBC  reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $15.00 price target on shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Finally, BidaskClub upgraded shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, June 30th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned  a hold rating and six have assigned  a buy rating to the company. MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $13.71.





Shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) opened at 11.50 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $1.83 billion, a PE ratio of 15.52 and a beta of 1.38. The company has a 50-day moving average of $11.43 and a 200-day moving average of $12.03. MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS has a one year low of $10.45 and a one year high of $14.20. 
MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $0.09 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.09. MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS had a net margin of 12.45% and a return on equity of 18.45%. The firm had revenue of $199.70 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $206 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.10 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts anticipate that  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS will post $0.45 earnings per share for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/23/mueller-water-products-mwa-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-sell.html. 
In other news, Director Shirley C. Franklin sold 9,156 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $11.40, for a total transaction of $104,378.40. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 39,157 shares in the company, valued at approximately $446,389.80. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Bernard G. Rethore sold 56,400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.23, for a total transaction of $633,372.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 27,303 shares in the company, valued at $306,612.69. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 4.30% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS by 14,036.8% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 13,522,561 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $159,837,000 after buying an additional 13,426,906 shares in the last quarter.  Gamco Investors INC. ET AL raised its position in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS by 273.5% in the first quarter. Gamco Investors INC. ET AL now owns 5,103,980 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $60,329,000 after buying an additional 3,737,574 shares in the last quarter.  Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS by 8.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 12,650,343 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $149,528,000 after buying an additional 1,017,949 shares in the last quarter.  Bank of America Corp DE raised its position in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS by 110.5% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 1,603,860 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $18,958,000 after buying an additional 842,053 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Impax Asset Management LTD raised its position in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS by 31.1% in the first quarter. Impax Asset Management LTD now owns 3,411,887 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $40,329,000 after buying an additional 809,000 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own  87.36% of the company’s stock. 
About MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS
Mueller Water Products, Inc is a manufacturer and marketer of products and services used in the transmission, distribution and measurement of water in North America. The Company operates through three segments: Mueller Co, Anvil and Mueller Technologies. The Mueller Co segment manufactures valves for water and gas systems, and dry-barrel and wet-barrel fire hydrants.
Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (MWA)
For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com







Receive News & Ratings for MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 



























































Careers











Careers






Apply Now


People & Culture


Working Here


Interns & Grads


Locations




Apply Now





Revolutionary Ideas. Exceptional People.

Learn More About Dimensional



Dimensional is different. We try to beat the market, not outguess it. Decades of research drive our innovative approach. 
Find out how you can join our growing team.
Explore Openings



People & Culture



Dimensional has more than 1,000 employees* around the world and is growing fast. We are committed to fostering a culture of learning, teamwork, innovation, and dedication to always doing what’s right for our clients. 
Our values attract hardworking people with strong character, and we are always looking to recruit intelligent and collaborative individuals who think critically and really care about what they do.*Number of employees as of June 20, 2016.




Watch the video to hear members of our executive team share their
thoughts on working at Dimensional.





Opportunities
Exciting roles are available in business development and marketing, investments, and corporate support for individuals with a variety of backgrounds, skills, and interests.




Mobility
We take pride in fostering internal mobility. Employees are encouraged to pursue positions inside or outside their department and in any of our global offices.




Benefits
A variety of programs help take care of you, your family, and your career, including comprehensive benefits, educational initiatives, and special celebrations of our history, culture, and growth.



Explore Openings



Working Here

We are looking for people who are talented, entrepreneurial, and excited to be a part of our growing organization. Read what some of our employees have to say about working at Dimensional.










"At Dimensional, frequent collaboration with team members across departments allows for continued evolution and innovation."
John Dashtara
Regional Director, Institutional Services










"I am amazed every day by the effort Dimensional puts forth to create an environment in which each employee feels like they are an integral part of the team and company success."
Mary Kathryn Flores
Marketing Associate










"If I were advising 
future Dimensional colleagues, I would tell them that you succeed here by knowing why it is and not what it is, 
so always ask the question why."
Ethan Wren
Portfolio Analyst, Portfolio Management










"Dimensional is often at the center of major breakthroughs in financial science, 
which provides 
an outstanding opportunity to participate in the development of new, innovative solutions 
for clients."
Wes Crill, PhD
Vice President, Research










"The most rewarding thing at Dimensional is working with people who know how to think critically and care about what they do."
Stacy Bartle
Analyst, Investment Analytics and Data, Research










"Dimensional’s transparency and discipline in our investment process 
are unparalleled in the industry, and our focus on human capital is our greatest asset."
Arun Keswani
Senior Portfolio Manager, Portfolio Management











Interns & Grads








We manage a robust campus program that targets some of the world's most prestigious schools and is designed to attract exceptional candidates for internships and entry-level openings. All positions offer an opportunity to learn about the firm, our culture, and the investment management industry—and a chance to make an immediate impact.





From Internship to Full Time
Our thriving summer internship program provides opportunities for undergraduate and graduate students to complete independent projects and work closely with firm leaders. Many summer interns go on to earn full-time positions.




New Graduates
Creative onboarding programs are designed to quickly train new hires who have recently graduated, and a unique, two-year rotational program allows newcomers to try out various positions for six-month periods.




Come Visit Us on Campus!
We are currently on campus for full-time recruitment for 2018 graduates. Summer 2018 internship recruiting begins in September for undergraduates and January for MBAs and PhDs. 
See All Events



Explore Openings



Locations

Dimensional has a global presence, with offices in the following locations:





Austin



					Austin
				












Dimensional Place6300 Bee Cave Road, Building OneAustin, TX 78746
 (512) 306-7400
http://us.dimensional.com









Charlotte



					Charlotte
				












201 North Tryon Street, Suite 2300Charlotte, NC 28202
(704) 448-8000
http://us.dimensional.com









Santa Monica



					Santa Monica
				












1299 Ocean AvenueSanta Monica, CA 90401
(310) 395-8005
http://us.dimensional.com









Vancouver



					Vancouver
				












745 Thurlow StreetSuite 2110Vancouver, BC V6E 0C5 Canada
(604) 685-1633
http://ca.dimensional.com/en/









Toronto



					Toronto
				












2 Bloor Street East, Suite 2820P.O. Box 146Toronto, ON  M4W 1A8Canada
(647) 498-9151
http://ca.dimensional.com/en/









London



					London
				












20 Triton StreetRegent's PlaceLondon NW1 3BFUnited Kingdom
+44 (0) 203 033 3300
http://eu.dimensional.com/en/









Berlin



					Berlin
				












Haus CUMBERLANDKurfürstendamm 194D-10707 BerlinGermany
+49 (30) 70015-9636
http://eu.dimensional.com/de/









Amsterdam



					Amsterdam
				












Minervalaan 641077 PE AmsterdamNetherlands
+31 (20) 708-5840
http://eu.dimensional.com/nl/









Tokyo



					Tokyo
				












3-1-1 MarunouchiKokusai BuildingSuite 808Chiyoda-ku, TokyoJapan 100-0005
(81) 03-6267-1600
http://japan.dimensional.com









Singapore



					Singapore
				












8 Marina ViewAsia Square Tower 1Suite #33-01Singapore 018960
+65 6340 1300
http://asia.dimensional.com









Sydney



					Sydney
				












Level 431 Macquarie PlaceSydney NSW 2000Australia
+61 (2) 8336-7100
http://au.dimensional.com









Melbourne



					Melbourne
				












Level 24120 Collins StreetMelbourne VIC 3000Australia
+61 (3) 8362-3990
http://au.dimensional.com







Click location to view info










Apply Today

At Dimensional, we make a point of recruiting candidates who are seeking career-defining challenges. What type of opportunity is right for you?




Campus
Are you an undergraduate or graduate
student looking for a summer
internship or your first job after
graduation? These opportunities
offer current students the chance to
make a real difference.
Explore Openings




Experienced
Are you currently employed or looking
for a new career opportunity? If you are
ready for your next challenge, these 
opportunities include a
broad array of positions designed to
satisfy many different interests.
Explore Openings









 

					© 2017 Dimensional Fund Advisors All rights reserved.
				





 



										LinkedIn
									

 



										Contact Us
									

 







