
  DIMGCED Quote - Dimensional Funds II PLC - Global Core Equity Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Dimensional Funds II PLC - Global Core Equity Fund   DIMGCED:ID          23.90GBP   0.04   0.17%     As of 6:07 PM EDT 7/27/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   19.92 - 24.15    1 Yr Return   17.79%    YTD Return   5.99%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   23.86    52Wk Range   19.92 - 24.15    1 Yr Return   18.14%    YTD Return   5.99%    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Foreign Value    Asset Class Focus   Equity    Geographic Focus   Global    NAV (on 07/27/2017)   23.9    Total Assets (b USD) (on 07/27/2017)   2.229    Inception Date   09/03/2008    Last Dividend (on 11/30/2016)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   0.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   0.30%    Expense Ratio   0.38%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        AAPL:US   Apple Inc    225.44 k 34.44 m 1.67      MSFT:US   Microsoft Corp    256.61 k 17.92 m 0.87      AMZN:US   Amazon.com Inc    14.15 k 14.08 m 0.68      T:US   AT&T Inc    352.90 k 13.60 m 0.66      JNJ:US   Johnson & Johnson    95.12 k 12.20 m 0.59      JPM:US   JPMorgan Chase & Co    142.84 k 11.73 m 0.57      CMCSA:US   Comcast Corp    265.99 k 11.09 m 0.54      BRK/B:US   Berkshire Hathaway Inc    66.43 k 10.98 m 0.53      XOM:US   Exxon Mobil Corp    132.53 k 10.67 m 0.52      WFC:US   Wells Fargo & Co    200.05 k 10.23 m 0.50           Profile   Dimensional Funds II PLC - Global Core Equity Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in Ireland. The aim of the Fund is to maximise long-term total return. The Fund invests in a broad and diverse group of readily marketable shares of companies traded on principal exchanges in certain global developed countries. The Fund will generally be overweighted in small companies.    Address  5th Floor, 20 Triton StreetLondonNW1 3BFUnited Kingdom   Phone  Tel: 00-353-53-49662   Website   www.dfaeurope.com              
  DIUSEHA Quote - Dimensional Funds PLC - US Core Equity Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Dimensional Funds PLC - US Core Equity Fund   DIUSEHA:ID      Inactive   DIUSEHA:ID is inactive   EUR             Fund Type   OEIC                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Fund Type   OEIC    Objective   -    Asset Class Focus   -    Geographic Focus   -    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (m USD) (on 11/07/2016)   112.067    Inception Date   09/28/2015    Last Dividend (on 11/30/2015)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   0.20%    Expense Ratio   -                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        T:US   AT&T Inc    8.31 k 320.26 k 1.54      AAPL:US   Apple Inc    2.08 k 317.28 k 1.52      JPM:US   JPMorgan Chase & Co    3.17 k 260.25 k 1.25      WFC:US   Wells Fargo & Co    4.22 k 215.61 k 1.03      CMCSA:US   Comcast Corp    5.05 k 210.70 k 1.01      PFE:US   Pfizer Inc    6.27 k 204.58 k 0.98      MSFT:US   Microsoft Corp    2.80 k 195.76 k 0.94      JNJ:US   Johnson & Johnson    1.49 k 191.61 k 0.92      INTC:US   Intel Corp    4.91 k 177.26 k 0.85      WMT:US   Wal-Mart Stores Inc    1.88 k 147.45 k 0.71           Profile   Dimensional Funds PLC - US Core Equity Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in Ireland. The Fund's objective is to achieve long-term total return. The Fund invests in equity and equity-related securities.    Address  5th Floor, 20 Triton StreetLondonNW1 3BFUnited Kingdom   Phone  Tel: 00-353-53-49662   Website   www.dfaeurope.com              

Dimensional Funds plc - U.S. Core Equity Fund - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Dimensional Funds plc - U.S. Core Equity Fund
List of persons related to the company Dimensional Funds plc - U.S. Core Equity Fund. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Dimensional Funds plc - U.S. Core Equity Fund.

CIK Number: 0001655501Company address: 25/28 NORTH WALL QUAY  DUBLIN 1 00000Phone number: 44 020 3033 3300



People related to Dimensional Funds plc - U.S. Core Equity Fund
NamePositionStreetCityCountryBarlow  Arthur25/28 North Wall Quay Dublin 1IrelandNewell  Catherine25/28 North Wall Quay Dublin 1IrelandG. Booth  David25/28 North Wall Quay Dublin 1IrelandMartin  David25/28 North Wall Quay Dublin 1IrelandSalisbury  David25/28 North Wall Quay Dublin 1IrelandS.L. Butler  Dermot25/28 North Wall Quay Dublin 1IrelandN/A  Dimensional Fund Advisors Ltd.20 Triton Street Regent's PlaceLondonUnited KingdomRepetto  Eduardo25/28 North Wall Quay Dublin 1IrelandO'Reilly  Gerard25/28 North Wall Quay Dublin 1IrelandHinkle  Gregory25/28 North Wall Quay Dublin 1IrelandRomiza  John25/28 North Wall Quay Dublin 1IrelandBlessing  Peter25/28 North Wall Quay Dublin 1Ireland




Dimensional Funds plc - U.S. Core Equity Fund on the Web
Related companiesDimensional Funds plc, Dimensional Funds plc - Emerging Markets Fund, Dimensional Funds plc - Emerging Markets Large Cap Core Equity Fund, Dimensional Funds plc - Emerging Markets Targeted Value Fund, Dimensional Funds plc - Emerging Markets Value Fund, Dimensional Funds plc - Emerging Markets Value Fund, Dimensional Funds plc - Emerging Markets Value II Fund, Dimensional Funds plc - Euro Inflation Linked Intermediate Duration Fixed Income Fund, Dimensional Funds plc - Euro Inflation Linked Long Duration Fixed Income Fund, Dimensional Funds plc - Euro Ultra Short Fixed Income Fund, Dimensional Funds plc - European Core Equity Fund, Dimensional Funds plc - European ex-UK Targeted Value Fund, Dimensional Funds plc - European Small Companies Fund, Dimensional Funds plc - European Value Fund, Dimensional Funds plc - Global Core Equity Fund












 










Dimensional Investing | Dimensional Fund Advisors














 









 












Dimensional Investing is about implementing the great ideas in finance
for our clients.




Scroll







Dimensional* at a Glance


As of June 30, 2017                   




                                    36
                                

                                    Years since founding
                                



                                    $518B
                                

                                    In firmwide assets under management, USD (in billions)
                                



                                    12
                                

                                    Offices in eight countries
                                



                                    1,100+
                                

                                    Employees globally
                                







                                    Letter from the Chairman
                                


                                    Founder and Executive Chairman David Booth reflects on the importance of having an investment philosophy you can stick with over the long-term.
                                
Read more 


                                    Dimensional Named “Retirement Leader of the Year”
                                


                                    Dimensional Fund Advisors is honored to be named “2017 Retirement Leader of the Year” by Fund Intelligence.
                                
Learn more 


                                    Find an Advisor Near You
                                


                                    Use our “Find an Advisor” tool to connect with professionals in your area who use Dimensional funds.
                                
Learn more 


                                    Next Generation Target Date Solution
                                


                                    Dimensional’s Target Date Retirement Income Funds are designed to focus on income growth and a more complete risk management framework.
                                
Read more 










How do Dimensional’s results compare to the industry?


















Performance data shown represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. Beginning sample includes funds as of January 1, 2002. The number of beginners is: Industry- 3,545 and Dimensional- 29. Outperformers (winners) are funds with return observations for every month of the 15-year period whose cumulative net return over the period exceeded that of their respective benchmark. US-domiciled open-end mutual fund data is from Morningstar and Center for Research in Security Prices (CRSP) from the University of Chicago.  Equity fund sample includes the Morningstar historical categories: Diversified Emerging Markets, Europe Stock, Foreign Large Blend, Foreign Large Growth, Foreign Large Value, Foreign Small/Mid Blend, Foreign Small/Mid Growth, Foreign Small/Mid Value, Japan Stock, Large Blend, Large Growth, Large Value, Mid-Cap Blend, Mid-Cap Value, Miscellaneous Region, Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stock, Small Blend, Small Growth, Small Value, and World Stock. Fixed income fund sample includes the Morningstar historical categories: Corporate Bond, Inflation-Protected Bond, Intermediate Government, Intermediate-Term Bond, Muni California Intermediate, Muni National Intermediate, Muni National Short, Muni New York Intermediate, Muni Single State Short, Short Government, Short-Term Bond, Ultrashort Bond, and World Bond. Index funds and fund-of-funds are excluded from the sample.The return for funds with multiple share classes is taken as the asset-weighted average of the individual share class observations. Performance of each fund in the industry sample are evaluated relative to the fund’s Morningstar Category Index. Dimensional fund data provided by the fund accountant. Dimensional funds exclude VA funds and those distributed exclusively through Loring Ward.Performance of Dimensional funds measured against prospectus benchmarks. When evaluating the Dimensional funds relative to the fund’s Morningstar category index, 79% outperform. For further methodology details, see the Mutual Fund Landscape brochure.








Do you have an investment approach you can stay with during turbulent markets?


















In USD. Industry net new cash flow data provided by Investment Company Institute© based on the approximately 4,600 US-domiciled equity (domestic and international) mutual funds reported on an aggregate level to the Investment Company Institute©. This includes information on Dimensional’s US-domiciled funds during this period. Dimensional estimated net flow data provided by Morningstar based on Dimensional’s US-domiciled equity mutual funds. For illustrative purposes only. 










01
An enduring belief in the
Power of  Markets









                Capital Markets Have RewardedLong-Term Investors
            

                Growth of $1 USD, Jan. 1926–Dec. 2016
            




















          In USD. Indices are not available for direct investment. Their performance does not reflect the expenses associated with the management of an actual portfolio. US Small Cap is the CRSP 6–10 Index; US Large Cap is the S&P 500 Index. Treasury Bills is the IA SBBI US 30 Day TBill TR USD, provided by Ibbotson Associates via Morningstar Direct. Long-Term Government Bonds is the IA SBBI US LT Govt TR USD, provided by Ibbotson Associates via Morningstar Direct. US Inflation is measured as changes in the US Consumer Price Index. US Consumer Price Index data is provided by the US Department of Labor Bureau of Labor Statistics. CRSP data is provided by the Center for Research in Security Prices, University of Chicago. The S&P data is provided by Standard & Poor’s Index Services Group. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
        











At Dimensional, our investment approach is based on a belief in markets.

Rather than relying on futile forecasting or trying to outguess others, we draw information about expected returns from the market itself—letting the collective knowledge of its millions of buyers and sellers set security prices.

Letting markets do what they do best—drive information into prices—frees us to spend time where we believe we have an advantage, namely in how we interpret the research, how we design and manage portfolios, and how we service our clients. It means we take a less subjective, more systematic approach to investing—an approach we can implement consistently and investors can understand and stick with, even in challenging market environments.





                                        Read more
                                    






                            How Many Funds Outperformed Benchmarks?
                        







Only 18% of equity and fixed income funds that were around at the start of 2002 beat their Morningstar Category index, 15 years later. Over the same time period, 83% of equity and fixed income Dimensional funds outperformed their prospectus benchmarks. The figures are drawn from a selected universe of industry and Dimensional funds available in the US. Please refer to the disclosure for more details.









 
            





Performance data shown represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. Beginning sample includes funds as of January 1, 2002. The number of beginners is: Industry- 3,545 and Dimensional- 29. Outperformers (winners) are funds with return observations for every month of the 15-year period whose cumulative net return over the period exceeded that of their respective benchmark. US-domiciled open-end mutual fund data is from Morningstar and Center for Research in Security Prices (CRSP) from the University of Chicago.  Equity fund sample includes the Morningstar historical categories: Diversified Emerging Markets, Europe Stock, Foreign Large Blend, Foreign Large Growth, Foreign Large Value, Foreign Small/Mid Blend, Foreign Small/Mid Growth, Foreign Small/Mid Value, Japan Stock, Large Blend, Large Growth, Large Value, Mid-Cap Blend, Mid-Cap Value, Miscellaneous Region, Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stock, Small Blend, Small Growth, Small Value, and World Stock. Fixed income fund sample includes the Morningstar historical categories: Corporate Bond, Inflation-Protected Bond, Intermediate Government, Intermediate-Term Bond, Muni California Intermediate, Muni National Intermediate, Muni National Short, Muni New York Intermediate, Muni Single State Short, Short Government, Short-Term Bond, Ultrashort Bond, and World Bond. Index funds and fund-of-funds are excluded from the sample.The return for funds with multiple share classes is taken as the asset-weighted average of the individual share class observations. Performance of each fund in the industry sample are evaluated relative to the fund’s Morningstar Category Index. Dimensional fund data provided by the fund accountant. Dimensional funds exclude VA funds and those distributed exclusively through Loring Ward.Performance of Dimensional funds measured against prospectus benchmarks. When evaluating the Dimensional funds relative to the fund’s Morningstar category index, 79% outperform. For further methodology details, see the Mutual Fund Landscape brochure.



















                                        David Booth
                                    
Founder and Executive Chairman                                    
                                

                            “The number of managers that can successfully pick stocks are fewer than you’d expect by chance. So, why even play that game? You don’t need to.” 

                        




                                David Booth
                            

                            Founder and Executive Chairman
                            
                        









02
Applying insights from
 FINANCIAL SCIENCE









 Breakthroughs in Modern Finance 








1966Efficient Market Hypothesis
 






Efficient Market Hypothesis
Eugene Fama
                  Nobel laureate, 2013
                  Professor, University of Chicago

Eugene Fama’s efficient market hypothesis marks a pivotal moment for modern finance. The essence of the argument can be described by the simple statement that security prices reflect all available information.









1973Intertemporal CAPM
 


 



Intertemporal CAPM
Robert Merton
                    Nobel laureate, 1997
                    Professor, MIT

The ICAPM set up a theoretical framework for how multiple sources of risk could arise. It expanded on the one-period CAPM model where the only priced risk was market beta.









1981Small Cap Investing
 


 



Small Cap Investing
Dimensional Fund Advisors
                    David Booth, Founder
                    and Executive Chairman

Dimensional pioneers small cap investing with the launch of its first strategy, which offers investors diversified, efficient access to small company stocks.






1981 Dimensional Founded



1983Term Structure
 






Term Structure
Eugene Fama
                    Nobel laureate, 2013
                    Professor, University of Chicago

Research shows implied forward interest rates provide information on expected term premiums in fixed income.







1992Value Breakthrough
 






Value Breakthrough
Eugene Fama
                    Nobel laureate, 2013
                    Professor, University of Chicago
Kenneth French
                    Professor, Dartmouth College

Eugene Fama and Kenneth French develop the three-factor asset pricing model, which identifies market, size, and price (value) factors as the principal drivers of equity returns.









2012Profitability
 


 



Profitability
Eugene Fama
                    Nobel laureate, 2013
                    Professor, University of Chicago
Kenneth French
                    Professor, Dartmouth College
Robert Novy-Marx
                    Professor, University of Rochester

A body of academic research led to identifying profitability as a dimension of higher expected returns that can be pursued across equity markets.









Today
 


 












 Dimensional’s Research and Investment teams draw insight from academia, but what sets us apart is how we interpret, test, and apply that research to practical investment solutions for our clients. 




Tomorrow
...
 


 Dimensional was built around a set of ideas bigger than the firm itself. With a confidence in markets, deep connections to the academic community, and a focus on implementation, we go where the science leads, and continue to pursue new insights, both large and small, that can benefit our clients. 

















 Eugene Fama and Kenneth French are members of the Board of Directors for and provide consulting services to Dimensional Fund Advisors LP. Robert Merton and Robert Novy-Marx provide consulting services to Dimensional Fund Advisors LP. 


 








Dimensional’s investment approach is grounded in economic theory and backed by decades of empirical research.


Our internal team of researchers works closely with leading financial economists to better understand where returns come from.


Research has shown that securities that offer higher expected returns share certain characteristics, which we call dimensions. To be considered a dimension, these characteristics must be sensible, persistent over time, pervasive across markets, and cost-effective to capture.





                                        Read More 
                                    






                                The Evolution of Indexing and Dimensional
                            


















                                        Eugene Fama
                                    
Nobel laureate, 2013 Professor, University of Chicago; Director and Consultant, Dimensional                                    
                                

                            “We’re very careful in looking at new research that comes along and making sure it’s robust.” 

                        




                                Eugene Fama
                            

                            Nobel laureate, 2013 Professor, University of Chicago; Director and Consultant, Dimensional
                            
                        












Understanding what drives returns is the starting point. From here, we focus on fine-tuning our method of capturing them.


We structure broadly diversified portfolios that emphasize the dimensions of higher expected returns, while addressing the tradeoffs that arise when executing portfolios.


Every day our portfolio managers and traders seek to balance costs against expected returns and diversification. We work for the slightest expected gain, as every incremental improvement can add up over time.





                                        Read More
                                    






                            The Gap Between Realityand a Model
                        







Limitations
of the Model


False
Positives

Insights



MODEL
REALITY









                 Academic models provide useful insight, but they are incomplete. It’s in the gap between reality and a model where sound judgment and experience matter.
            





                                        Watch
                                        
                                            Dimensional Stories: Models
                                            (03:07)
                                        














                                        Eduardo Repetto
                                    
Co-Chief Executive Officer; Co-Chief Investment Officer                                    
                                

                            “The money we manage is not our money—it’s our clients’ past and their future. We take that responsibility very seriously.”

                        




                                Eduardo Repetto
                            

                            Co-Chief Executive Officer; Co-Chief Investment Officer
                            
                        







 


03

A commitment 
TO OUR CLIENTS









                The Global Financial Crisis and Its Aftermath 
            

                A key to a good long-term investment experience is being able to stay with your investment philosophy, even during tough times. During the rocky 2008–2012 period, many investors sold their equity funds. Dimensional’s equity funds had inflows throughout the period, which could suggest that in aggregate investors were prepared to withstand the market’s movements in order to pursue long-term results.
            




















        In USD. Dimensional estimated net flow data provided by Morningstar based on Dimensional’s US-domiciled equity mutual funds. Industry net new cash flow data provided by Investment Company Institute© based on the approximately 4,600 US-domiciled equity (domestic and international) mutual funds reported on an aggregate level to the Investment Company Institute©. This includes information on Dimensional’s US-domiciled funds during this period. For illustrative purposes only.
        












Dimensional Investing is about providing a successful investment experience.


That means more than considering investment returns. It means offering peace of mind knowing that a transparent approach backed by decades of research is powering every decision.


Markets go up and they go down. The goal of Dimensional Investing is to help people be prepared, so they can stick with their plan.





                                        Read more
                                    






Institutional Investor’s2016 Money Masters
                            


















                                        DAVE BUTLER 
                                    
Co-Chief Executive Officer and Head of Global Financial Advisor Services                                    
                                

                            “The client experience has always been, and will continue to be, why we do what we do.” 

                        




                                DAVE BUTLER 
                            

                            Co-Chief Executive Officer and Head of Global Financial Advisor Services
                            
                        










*“Dimensional” refers to the Dimensional separate but affiliated entities generally, rather than to one particular entity. These entities are Dimensional Fund Advisors LP, Dimensional Fund Advisors Ltd., DFA Australia Limited, Dimensional Fund Advisors Canada ULC, Dimensional Fund Advisors Pte. Ltd., and Dimensional Japan Ltd.








Dimensional Fund Advisors LP is an investment advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the Dimensional funds carefully before investing. For this and other information about the Dimensional funds, please read the prospectus carefully before investing. Prospectuses are available by calling Dimensional Fund Advisors collect at (512) 306-7400 or at us.dimensional.com. Dimensional funds are distributed by DFA Securities LLC. None of the other Dimensional entities are currently licensed by, registered with, or supervised by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Nothing on this website shall constitute or serve as an offer to sell products or services in any country or jurisdiction by any Dimensional global firm. For informational purposes only. All information is given in good faith and without warranty and should not be considered investment advice or an offer of any security for sale.








Eugene Fama is a member of the Board of Directors for and provides consulting services to Dimensional Fund Advisors LP.








Research Dimensional Fund Advisors and DFA Securities with FINRA's BrokerCheck.








Profitability is a measure of current profitability, based on information from individual companies’ income statements. 


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started






























































Dimensional Global Core Equity | Dimensional Fund Advisors(IRL) | Fund factsheets | FE Trustnet

















 



















Trustnet








Login


















To continue using this website, please tell us a  little about yourself:
 I am a financial adviser
 I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
 I am a financial paraplanner
 I work in financial services
 I am a private investor


   This site uses cookies.  Some of the cookies are essential for parts of the site to operate and have already been set.  
   You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but if you do, parts of the site may not work.  To find out more 
   about cookies on the website and how to delete cookies, see our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
   
 I accept the FE Trustnet cookie policy


Continue

For more information Click here






Investments

Unit Trusts & OEICs

Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


IA Unit Trusts & OEICs

IA Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
IA UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Equities

Equities Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Equity Factsheets
Latest announcements


Investment Trusts

Investment Trusts Home
Prices & Performance
Investment Trust Ratings
A-Z Investment Trust Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Warrants
A-Z Sectors
Split Capital Analytics
Investment Trust Guide
Most viewed investment trusts
Most viewed groups


Pensions

Pensions Home
Prices & Performance
Pension Fund Ratings
A-Z Pension Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Pension Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Life

Life Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Life Fund Ratings
A-Z Life Fund Factsheets
A-Z Life Group Factsheets
A-Z Life Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Life insurance glossary
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Offshore Funds

Offshore Funds Home
Prices & Performance
Offshore Fund Ratings
A-Z Offshore Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Offshore Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


ETFs

ETFs Home
ETF Prices & Performance
ETF Fund Ratings
A-Z ETF Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
ETFs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


VCTs

VCTs Home
VCT Prices & Performance
A-Z VCT Factsheets
VCTs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Structured Products

Structured Products Home
A-Z Structured Product Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
Structured products guide
Structured products glossary




Fund Managers

Fund Managers Home
Alpha managers
League table 
A-Z manager factsheets 


News & Research

News & Research Home
News Archive
Education guides

Education guides home
Emerging Market

ETFs
Unit Trust & OEIC

Investment trust


                                Offshore funds 
ISAs 


FE Trustnet Videos 
Bright-talk Videos 


Learning

Learn about investing
Investment basics

Pensions
Investing in a fund
Investment trusts
Exchange
                                Traded Funds (ETFs)
Passive funds
                                and trackers
What is an ISA?


What to invest in?

Bonds
Equities
Property
Commodities


Where to invest?

UK
US
Europe
Emerging markets
Asia


How to invest?


                                Setting objectives for your portfolio
Asset allocation
                                - the basics
Measuring performance

                                Onshore and offshore - what’s the difference


Fund ratings

About FE Ratings
FE Crown Fund Ratings
FE Passive Fund Ratings
FE Alpha Manager
                                Ratings
FE Risk Scores
The Adviser Fund
                                Index




Portfolio

Portfolio Home
Watchlist
Alerts


Tools

Home
Fundswire

Fundswire Home
Manage my alerts


Charting
Find an IFA
Pension Calculator
IFA tools

IFA tools home
FE AFI
Client Fund Profiler
Structured Products
Whitelabel Factsheets




Passive FundsNew

Passive Funds Homepage
Sectors

UK Equities
North American Equities
European Equities
Japanese Equities
Emerging Market Equities
UK Gilts
Property
Sterling Corporate Bonds
Index-Linked Gilts









Reading List




Clear all list



0


Your Basket


Aberdeen Global Indian Equity D2 GBP 





Open basket


















Login







Select Account..




Login
 Remember Me

Password Reminder
Not Registered? Click Here







Register





*

*

*



*


*

Choose a User Type
I am a financial adviser
I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
I am a financial paraplanner
I work in financial services
I am a private investor

*
 I accept your terms of use
 Send me FE Trustnet bulletins
Register





It's look like you're leaving us

            What would you like us to do with the funds you've selected
        
Show me all my options
        Forget them
        Save them 

            Remember my choice











        Customise this table
























 





Fund Performance

IA Unit Trusts & OEICsEquity Price & PerformanceInvestment TrustsPension FundsLife FundsOffshore FundsETFsVenture Capital Trusts
















	                    You are here: 
				        

FE Trustnet


Offshore Funds


Factsheet

















Set performance currency  »      





Pound Sterling

 



Fund's Currency

 












Help - Rebase Performance


						 _ 
					

						 X 
					









						The performance of funds on FE Trustnet is set to GBX by default. You can rebase the fund performance into the funds native currency if you wish.
					













Dimensional Global Core Equity









Group factsheet



					Portfolio history


					Group performance



 Print







Fund Overview


Performance


Portfolio breakdown


Add to basket














Non-subscribing fund



		This Dimensional Fund Advisors(IRL) fund does not subscribe to FE Trustnet.
		Click here if you would like to see more details on this fund on FE Trustnet, including holdings data»
Click here for other funds from Dimensional Fund Advisors(IRL)»




Performance





Select time period
1 month
3 months
6 months
1 year
3 years
5 years





ADVERTISEMENT







 
 
1y
3y
5y
12m-24m
24m-36m
36m-48m
48m-60m


 


DIMENSIONAL GLOBAL CORE EQUITY ACC GBP 

+18.1
+52.5
+109.5
+19.6
+8.0
+6.5
+28.9


 

EQUITY - INTERNATIONAL

+16.5+45.3+87.7+14.8+8.7+4.2+23.9





Price


 Bid OfferCurrency+/-YieldCiticodeSEDOLISINCodeWKNDate


DIMENSIONAL GLOBAL CORE EQUITY DIS EUR

18.90

EUR
0.04
0.31
03FO
B3M0BZ0
IE00B3M0BZ05
n/a
27-Jul-2017

DIMENSIONAL GLOBAL CORE EQUITY ACC USD

18.21

USD
-0.04
-
DHP8
B2PC015
IE00B2PC0153
A1C9DS
27-Jul-2017

DIMENSIONAL GLOBAL CORE EQUITY ACC EUR

22.59

EUR
0.05
-
DHP9
B2PC026
IE00B2PC0260
A0RMKV
27-Jul-2017

DIMENSIONAL GLOBAL CORE EQUITY DIS GBP

21.36

GBP
0.03
0.25
DHQ0
B2PC037
IE00B2PC0377
A1C9DT
27-Jul-2017

DIMENSIONAL GLOBAL CORE EQUITY ACC GBP

23.90

GBP
0.04
-
DHQ1
B2PC048
IE00B2PC0484
A1C9DU
27-Jul-2017

DIMENSIONAL GLOBAL CORE EQUITY DIS USD

13.82

USD
-0.03
0.21
IDAT
B3SMQQ6
IE00B3SMQQ66
n/a
27-Jul-2017

DIMENSIONAL GLOBAL CORE EQUITY JPY DIS

1227.36

JPY
-2.11
7.83
KLGP
BMBN2V6
IE00BMBN2V61
n/a
27-Jul-2017

DIMENSIONAL GLOBAL CORE EQUITY ACC SEK

13.11

SEK
0.04
-
KYCO
BN897X1
IE00BN897X17
n/a
27-Jul-2017

DIMENSIONAL GLOBAL CORE EQUITY ACC JPY

1276.52

JPY
-2.19
-
NFUQ
BMBN2T4
IE00BMBN2T40
n/a
27-Jul-2017

DIMENSIONAL GLOBAL CORE EQUITY ACC SGD

19.95

SGD
-0.01
-
O2MM
BF20L87
IE00BF20L879
n/a
27-Jul-2017





Peer groups


Region
Asset Class
Sector




Ireland
Equity
Equity - International





	            Price total return performance figures are calculated on a bid price to bid price basis (mid to mid where applicable) with gross income (dividends) reinvested. Performance figures are shown in Pound Sterling (GBP). You can switch the fund’s native currency using the currency selector towards the top of this page.
	        


















Share this page with friends!






											 
										






Sign up for email alerts
											Stay upto date on the latest fund research from FE															
										



											 
										




















Charting



		 Chart this fund's performance vs the benchmark of your choice...»











CLOSE


You are being transferred to Trustnet Direct, which is run by Financial Express Investments Limited (authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority), where you will be able to complete this transaction. Trustnet Direct is an execution-only service and does not provide advice on the suitability of investments. You should seek independent financial advice if you are unsure.
Proceed to Trustnet Direct









Data provided by FE. Care has been taken to ensure that the information is correct, but FE neither warrants, represents nor guarantees the contents of information, nor does it accept any responsibility for errors, inaccuracies, omissions or any inconsistencies herein. Past performance does not predict future performance, it should not be the main or sole reason for making an investment decision. The value of investments and any income from them can fall as well as rise.



Login
Help
Contact Us









For Equity investors
FE Investegate
For Private investors
Trustnet Direct
For Professional investors
FE Invest
FE Analytics
FE Data feeds
FE Fund listings
For International investors
FE Trustnet Hong Kong
FE Trustnet Offshore
FE Trustnet Middle East


Quick links
Trustnet-Magazine
Investment research
FE Trustnet videos
Top rated funds
Top performing funds
Find a fund
Build a portfolio
The UK’s best fund managers
Performance charting
About us


Fund performance
IA unit trusts & OEICs
Equities
Investment trusts
Pension funds
Life funds
Offshore funds
ETFs
Venture capital trusts


Stay connected with FE Trustnet






Trustnet mobile website















LATEST :
Five reasons to keep hold of your defensive funds
13:00 | Monday, January 20, 2014






You are currently using an old browser which will not be supported by Trustnet after 31/07/2016.  To ensure you benefit from all features on the site, please update your browser.   Close 














                © Trustnet Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
                Please read our 
                    Terms of Use / Disclaimer and Privacy and Cookie Policy.
                Data supplied in conjunction with Thomson Financial Limited, London Stock Exchange
                Plc, StructuredRetailProducts.com and ManorPark.com
            
        



































Dimensional International Core Equity | Dimensional Fund Advisors | Fund factsheets | FE Trustnet

















 



















Trustnet








Login


















To continue using this website, please tell us a  little about yourself:
 I am a financial adviser
 I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
 I am a financial paraplanner
 I work in financial services
 I am a private investor


   This site uses cookies.  Some of the cookies are essential for parts of the site to operate and have already been set.  
   You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but if you do, parts of the site may not work.  To find out more 
   about cookies on the website and how to delete cookies, see our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
   
 I accept the FE Trustnet cookie policy


Continue

For more information Click here






Investments

Unit Trusts & OEICs

Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


IA Unit Trusts & OEICs

IA Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
IA UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Equities

Equities Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Equity Factsheets
Latest announcements


Investment Trusts

Investment Trusts Home
Prices & Performance
Investment Trust Ratings
A-Z Investment Trust Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Warrants
A-Z Sectors
Split Capital Analytics
Investment Trust Guide
Most viewed investment trusts
Most viewed groups


Pensions

Pensions Home
Prices & Performance
Pension Fund Ratings
A-Z Pension Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Pension Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Life

Life Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Life Fund Ratings
A-Z Life Fund Factsheets
A-Z Life Group Factsheets
A-Z Life Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Life insurance glossary
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Offshore Funds

Offshore Funds Home
Prices & Performance
Offshore Fund Ratings
A-Z Offshore Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Offshore Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


ETFs

ETFs Home
ETF Prices & Performance
ETF Fund Ratings
A-Z ETF Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
ETFs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


VCTs

VCTs Home
VCT Prices & Performance
A-Z VCT Factsheets
VCTs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Structured Products

Structured Products Home
A-Z Structured Product Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
Structured products guide
Structured products glossary




Fund Managers

Fund Managers Home
Alpha managers
League table 
A-Z manager factsheets 


News & Research

News & Research Home
News Archive
Education guides

Education guides home
Emerging Market

ETFs
Unit Trust & OEIC

Investment trust


                                Offshore funds 
ISAs 


FE Trustnet Videos 
Bright-talk Videos 


Learning

Learn about investing
Investment basics

Pensions
Investing in a fund
Investment trusts
Exchange
                                Traded Funds (ETFs)
Passive funds
                                and trackers
What is an ISA?


What to invest in?

Bonds
Equities
Property
Commodities


Where to invest?

UK
US
Europe
Emerging markets
Asia


How to invest?


                                Setting objectives for your portfolio
Asset allocation
                                - the basics
Measuring performance

                                Onshore and offshore - what’s the difference


Fund ratings

About FE Ratings
FE Crown Fund Ratings
FE Passive Fund Ratings
FE Alpha Manager
                                Ratings
FE Risk Scores
The Adviser Fund
                                Index




Portfolio

Portfolio Home
Watchlist
Alerts


Tools

Home
Fundswire

Fundswire Home
Manage my alerts


Charting
Find an IFA
Pension Calculator
IFA tools

IFA tools home
FE AFI
Client Fund Profiler
Structured Products
Whitelabel Factsheets




Passive FundsNew

Passive Funds Homepage
Sectors

UK Equities
North American Equities
European Equities
Japanese Equities
Emerging Market Equities
UK Gilts
Property
Sterling Corporate Bonds
Index-Linked Gilts









Reading List




Clear all list



0


Your Basket


Aberdeen Global Indian Equity D2 GBP 





Open basket


















Login







Select Account..




Login
 Remember Me

Password Reminder
Not Registered? Click Here







Register





*

*

*



*


*

Choose a User Type
I am a financial adviser
I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
I am a financial paraplanner
I work in financial services
I am a private investor

*
 I accept your terms of use
 Send me FE Trustnet bulletins
Register





It's look like you're leaving us

            What would you like us to do with the funds you've selected
        
Show me all my options
        Forget them
        Save them 

            Remember my choice











        Customise this table
























 





Fund Performance

IA Unit Trusts & OEICsEquity Price & PerformanceInvestment TrustsPension FundsLife FundsOffshore FundsETFsVenture Capital Trusts
















	                    You are here: 
				        

FE Trustnet


IA Unit Trusts & OEICs


Factsheet




















Set performance currency  »      





Pound Sterling

 



Fund's Currency

 












Help - Rebase Performance


						 _ 
					

						 X 
					









						The performance of funds on FE Trustnet is set to GBX by default. You can rebase the fund performance into the funds native currency if you wish.
					














Investments






                    IA Unit trusts & OEICs / Fund factsheet / Dimensional Fund Advisors
                













                                Dimensional International Core Equity
                            




Add to basket













                    Group factsheet 

                        Group performance



 Print







Fund Overview
Performance
Portfolio breakdown 

                    Portfolio history 









Non-subscribing fund



		This Dimensional Fund Advisors fund does not subscribe to FE Trustnet.
		Click here if you would like to see more details on this fund on FE Trustnet, including holdings data»
Click here for other funds from Dimensional Fund Advisors»




 

Performance 





Select time period
1 month
3 months
6 months
1 year
3 years
5 years



 

ADVERTISEMENT






    1y3y5y12m-24m24m-36m36m-48m48m-60m


 


DIMENSIONAL INTERNATIONAL CORE EQUITY I ACC 
ACC
+17.9+54.7+116.7+20.5+8.9+6.9+31.1


 

IA GLOBAL
 
+18.2+45.2+91.5+14.0+7.8+5.1+25.4



 

Clean share class


  Bid OfferDateYieldOCF
                

CiticodeSEDOL


DIMENSIONAL INTERNATIONAL CORE EQUITY I INC
INC
 
20.12 (GBP)
 
27-Jul-2017
1.51
0.35%
A0I6
B23YLF4

DIMENSIONAL INTERNATIONAL CORE EQUITY I ACC
ACC
 
23.56 (GBP)
 
27-Jul-2017
1.49
0.35%
A0I7
B23YLH6



 



The Ongoing Charges Figure (OCF) shows the drag on performance caused by operational expenses associated with a fund.
Expenses which are represented by this figure include payments to the manager, the trustee the custodian and their representatives. The figure also includes registration, regulatory, audit and legal fees, and the costs of distribution. 
Performance fees, transaction costs, interest on borrowing, costs associated with derivatives, entry and exit fees and soft commissions are not included in the OCF calculation, and should be factored in separately by the investor.
The OCF is calculated by taking the sum of these expenses incurred in the last 12 months and dividing this by the average net assets of that class for the last 12 months.
Total Expense Ratio (TER) is a formula designed to show the ongoing costs to the investor associated with a fund, including some charges which are not factored into the annual management fee. In addition the fund’s annual fee, charges such as trading fees, audit and legal fees, and operational expenses are included in the TER, which is worked out by dividing the total cost of the fund by its total assets to arrive at a percentage.
Unlike the Ongoing Charges Figure, the TER takes into account performance fees. It does not include transaction costs paid to the custodian.


Peer groups


Region
Asset Class
Investment Focus
Sector




Global
Equity
n/a
IA Global





	    All prices in Pence Sterling (GBX) unless otherwise specified. Price total return performance figures are calculated on a bid price to bid price basis (mid to mid for OEICs) with net income (dividends) reinvested. Performance figures are shown in Pound Sterling (GBP). You can switch the fund’s native currency using the currency selector towards the top of this page.
	
















Share this page with friends!






											 
										






Sign up for email alerts
											Stay upto date on the latest fund research from FE															
										



											 
										




















Investment options








Email factsheet to a friend


















Sector analysis



		 Identify the best funds in this sector with our bespoke sector profiles, designed
		 to help you understand just what makes a fund's peer group tick...»
 



            Charting




            Chart this fund's performance vs the benchmark of your choice...»













CLOSE


You are being transferred to Trustnet Direct, which is run by Financial Express Investments Limited (authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority), where you will be able to complete this transaction. Trustnet Direct is an execution-only service and does not provide advice on the suitability of investments. You should seek independent financial advice if you are unsure.
Proceed to Trustnet Direct










Data provided by FE. Care has been taken to ensure that the information is correct, but FE neither warrants, represents nor guarantees the contents of information, nor does it accept any responsibility for errors, inaccuracies, omissions or any inconsistencies herein. Past performance does not predict future performance, it should not be the main or sole reason for making an investment decision. The value of investments and any income from them can fall as well as rise.



Login
Help
Contact Us









For Equity investors
FE Investegate
For Private investors
Trustnet Direct
For Professional investors
FE Invest
FE Analytics
FE Data feeds
FE Fund listings
For International investors
FE Trustnet Hong Kong
FE Trustnet Offshore
FE Trustnet Middle East


Quick links
Trustnet-Magazine
Investment research
FE Trustnet videos
Top rated funds
Top performing funds
Find a fund
Build a portfolio
The UK’s best fund managers
Performance charting
About us


Fund performance
IA unit trusts & OEICs
Equities
Investment trusts
Pension funds
Life funds
Offshore funds
ETFs
Venture capital trusts


Stay connected with FE Trustnet






Trustnet mobile website















LATEST :
Five reasons to keep hold of your defensive funds
13:00 | Monday, January 20, 2014






You are currently using an old browser which will not be supported by Trustnet after 31/07/2016.  To ensure you benefit from all features on the site, please update your browser.   Close 














                © Trustnet Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
                Please read our 
                    Terms of Use / Disclaimer and Privacy and Cookie Policy.
                Data supplied in conjunction with Thomson Financial Limited, London Stock Exchange
                Plc, StructuredRetailProducts.com and ManorPark.com
            
        










