




Dr. Raluca Dinu - VP Ops

































Dan Lykken
VP Sales & Marketing, Sales Operations - building high performance sales organizations…

HomeSummarySales OperationsStrategic Position ArchitectureMarket ModelSales Ops PlanningProduct Plan of RecordMarketing ExperienceRecommendationsRaju Gulabani - CEODr. Raluca Dinu - VP OpsPeter Biere - CFO / SVPDan Horton - Co-Founder - H.I.Dr. Helene JailletMark Glasgow - VPRon Caudle - RVPPersonal Info











Dr. Raluca Dinu rose through the ranks at Lumera to VP of Electro Optic Operations.  Today, Dr. Raluca Dinu is Vice President and General Manager of LX Product Lines at GigOptix.  GigOptix purchased Lumera in 2008.


















 | 






Raluca Dinu, Vice President, Electro Optics ~ Lumera  
Nasdaq: LMRARecommendation for Dan Lykken“Dan Lykken is an impressive professional, of a CEO quality. I worked with Dan for four years; with an incredible energy, focus, drive and devotion to the team, as an Officer of Lumera and the VP of Sales and Marketing, Dan Lykken led the Sales and Marketing Department at Lumera Corporation, responsible for all aspects of defining and refining the company’s strategies, markets, product positioning, opportunities and its business model. Dan Lykken is a perfect example of the saying that the greatest leader forgets himself and attends to the development of others. He has a rare gift of pouring himself in guiding his team member’s career path, in understanding everybody’s dreams and helping to shape those to the benefit of the corporation’s business. Dan has an impeccable strategic brain; he can see way ahead of others the necessary moves needed to advance the business and achieve desired success, either in organizing the team or in capturing markets and defining the right products to grow the business. Dan Lykken is a marketing theoretician; students of a business school can without a doubt use his incredible skills in extracting and structuring the information collected over the years while reading all meaningful literature in the field. I count it as a rare privilege to have worked with Dan, I highly recommend and endorse him and I hope to work with him again in the near future.” July 16, 2008







Home » Recommendations » Dr. Raluca Dinu - VP Ops » 
© 2010 Dan Lykken Contact Me






















    Raluca Dinu | Gigpeak, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com










 




Raluca Dinu, Gigpeak Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Raluca Dinu

Exec VP/COO,
Gigpeak Inc






Career History




Exec VP/COO
Gigpeak Inc, 4/2016-PRESENT


Exec VP:Global Sales & Mktg
Gigpeak Inc, 4/2016-4/2016


Exec VP:Global Sales & Mktg
Gigoptix  Inc, 8/2015-4/2016


Senior VP:Global Sales
Gigoptix  Inc, UNKNOWN-8/2015


VP:Optics & RF Product/Gen Mgr
Gigoptix  Inc, FORMER


VP & Gen Mgr:High-Speed Comm
Gigoptix  Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.gigpeak.com






Corporate Information
Address:

130 Baytech Drive
San Jose, CA 95134
United States


Phone:
1-408-522-3100


Fax:
1-408-522-3102


Web url:
www.gigpeak.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Bucharest
Bachelor's Degree, 2007


University of Bucharest
PhD








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































Raluca Dinu - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Raluca Dinu
Chief Operating Officer at GigPeak, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Raluca Dinu? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Raluca Dinu's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Raluca Dinu's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Raluca Dinu's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Raluca Dinu through your network of contacts.
												








Raluca Dinu's Executive Work History


Current


Chief Operating Officer, 
GigPeak, Inc.


Past
To view Raluca Dinu's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
43

 
 


Raluca Dinu's Biography



Dr. Raluca Dinu is our Chief Operating Officer having been promoted to that position in April 2016 and has more than 15 years of experience in the telecommunication industry. A visionary executive with an established track record of driving increased revenue and profitability, building and leading cross functional teams, developing and commercializing advanced technologies, Dr. Dinu joined GigPeak as the Vice President of Product Development in 2008 through the acquisition of Lumera Inc., where she served as the Vice President of the Electro-Optic Business Unit since 2007. From 2001 to 2007, Dr. Dinu served Lumera in various capacities as tec ...
(Read More)

			Dr. Raluca Dinu is our Chief Operating Officer having been promoted to that position in April 2016 and has more than 15 years of experience in the telecommunication industry. A visionary executive with an established track record of driving increased revenue and profitability, building and leading cross functional teams, developing and commercializing advanced technologies, Dr. Dinu joined GigPeak as the Vice President of Product Development in 2008 through the acquisition of Lumera Inc., where she served as the Vice President of the Electro-Optic Business Unit since 2007. From 2001 to 2007, Dr. Dinu served Lumera in various capacities as technology and business leader. In her current role, she leads GigPeak's global marketing and sales organizations, oversees the company's roadmap and manages the production and operations planning.  She has an exceptional ability to manage and lead in rapidly changing and competitive environments while demonstrating an innate ability to achieve corporate goals within defined resources. Dr. Dinu holds more than 15 patents, obtained her B.Sc. in Optics, and Ph.D. in Physics, at the University of Bucharest in 2000 in ferroelectric thin films for random access memories, and also graduated from the Executive MBA AeA/Stanford Institute in 2007.
		
Source: GigPeak, Inc. on 10/04/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Raluca Dinu's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Raluca Dinu. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Raluca Dinu's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Raluca Dinu's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Raluca Dinu through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Raluca Dinu


















Raluca Dinu's Connections (28)





Sign up now to view Raluca Dinu's 28 connections »









Sanjiv Sam Gambhir
Former Board Member, Lumera Corporation









Robert A. Ratliffe
Former Board Member, Lumera Corporation









Frank W. Schneider
Board Member, GigPeak, Inc.









Donald Guthrie
Former Board Member, NII Holdings, Inc.









Richard F. Rutkowski
Former President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Clearsign Combustion Corp.









Ronald K. Shelton
Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, Adesto Technologies Corp









Douglas Swenson
Former Board Member, GigPeak, Inc.









John J. Mikulsky
Board Member, GigPeak, Inc.









Stephen C. Johnson
Former Board Member, GigPeak, Inc.









Neil J. Miotto
Board Member, GigPeak, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






Raluca Dinu, Senior Vice President Sales and Marketing, Gigoptix


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Raluca Dinu



Senior Vice President Sales and Marketing
at
Gigoptix


Location: San Francisco Bay Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Raluca Dinu



Senior Vice President Sales and Marketing
at
Gigoptix


Location: San Francisco Bay Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Dr. Dinu has more than 15 years of experience in the telecommunication industry. A visionary executive with an established track record of driving increased revenue and profitability, building and leading cross functional teams, developing and commercializing advanced technologies, Dr. Dinu joined GigOptix as the Vice President of Product Development in 2008 through the acquisition of Lumera Inc., where she served as the Vice President of the Electro-Optic Business Unit since 2007. From 2001 to 2007, Dr. Dinu served Lumera in various capacities as technology and business leader. In her current role, she leads the global marketing and sales organizations for GigOptix. She has an exceptional ability to manage and lead in rapidly changing and competitive environments while demonstrating an innate ability to achieve corporate goals within defined resources. Dr. Dinu holds more than 15 patents, obtained her B.Sc. in Optics, and Ph.D. in Physics, at the University of Bucharest in 2000 in ferroelectric thin films for random access memories, and also graduated from the Executive MBA AeA/Stanford Institute in 2007.



2

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Telecommunications




Tags
Business Development, Product Lifecycle




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Raluca DinuCareer (3)






Aug-2014




Gigoptix



Senior Vice President Sales and Marketing







2008 to Aug-2014




Gigoptix



Vice President of Product Development







Apr-2001 to 2008




Lumera Corporation



Vice President, Electro Optics








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Raluca DinuEducation (3)






2007



Stanford University


Business






2000



University of Bucharest


Physics






1997



University of Bucharest


Physics - Optics









 Edit



Raluca DinuAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Raluca Dinu






 Edit



Raluca DinuLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Raluca Dinu









Raluca DinuInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Raluca Dinu









Raluca DinuInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Raluca Dinu








Raluca DinuRelated People








Colleagues at Gigoptix







Yoshi Koizumi

Director
Mar-2015









Darren Ma

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
2014









Emad Afifi

Senior Director of CMOS Engineering
2014









Sushil Kumar

Sr. Director of IC Development
Apr-2014








View all 
Peers (3)







Mikko Pyykko

Vice President, Sales and Marketing of Jolla









Shoji Nemoto

Executive Vice President and Corporate Executive Officer of Sony Corporation of Sony









Paul Hernandez

Vice President of Sales of VIZIO












View all 



Raluca DinuRecommended Market Profiles








Consumer Electronics

10,000 or More employees
25 companies




























Raluca Dinu - GigPeak Inc Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsRaluca DinuGigPeak Inc (GIG)SVP - Global Sales & Marketing Not RankedRaluca Dinu's PerformanceRaluca Dinu has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Most Profitable Insider TradeStock: GigPeak Inc (GIG)Transaction Type: Informative SellDates: Jun 14, 2016 - Jun 14, 2017Gain: +0.0%See the Latest Stocks Traded by Insiders > Raluca Dinu's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateGIGGigPeak IncSVP - Global Sales & Marketing-Uninformative Sell$383,635.56Apr 04, 2017Raluca Dinu has not reported any informative transactions for GIG, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record Showing:All TransactionsInformative TransactionsDateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Apr 04, 2017 Uninformative Sell $384K 124,557 $3.07 N/A  Feb 03, 2017 Uninformative Buy $79K 75,397 $2.58 N/A  Nov 03, 2016 Uninformative Buy $26K 38,607 $2.35 N/A Show MoreSee All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























