DIRTY LEMON - Better Beverages to Drink Daily
sleepdetoxskin+hairenergyclaritycartPlease add items to your cart to proceedsleepdetoxskin+hairenergyclarityorderingpaymentsshippingcontactLoadingWe'll keep it interesting.submit

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














	DIRTYLEMON RAW DETOX Trademark of DIRTY LEMON BEVERAGES LLC. Serial Number: 86678583 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Light Beverage Products
DIRTYLEMON RAW DETOX










 
Get FREE email alerts













DIRTYLEMON RAW DETOX  Trademark Information
 DIRTY LEMON BEVERAGES LLC
Activated charcoal-infused detox drink comprised of cold-pressed lemon juice and filtered water for non-medicinal purposes




Perfect for these industries

Light Beverage Products 





Words that describe this mark
activated   charcoalinfused   detox   drink   coldpressed   lemon   juice   filtered   water    
                                    




This is a brand page for the DIRTYLEMON RAW DETOX trademark by DIRTY LEMON BEVERAGES LLC 
                                in Brooklyn, NY, 11215.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this DIRTYLEMON RAW DETOX trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner DIRTY LEMON BEVERAGES LLC of the DIRTYLEMON RAW DETOX trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the DIRTYLEMON RAW DETOX trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, June 30, 2015,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        DIRTYLEMON RAW DETOX by 
                        DIRTY LEMON BEVERAGES LLC, Brooklyn, NY  11215.
                        The USPTO has given the DIRTYLEMON RAW DETOX 
                        trademark serial  number of  86678583.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for DIRTYLEMON RAW DETOX is 
                        
                        
                                            RANDOLPH E. DIGGES, III of 
                                            Rankin Hill & Clark Llp,  23755 Lorain Rd Ste 200, North Olmsted, OH 44070-2260 
                                .
                            The DIRTYLEMON RAW DETOX trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Light Beverage Products 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for DIRTYLEMON RAW DETOX 
                            is activated charcoal-infused detox drink made with cold-pressed lemon juice and filtered water. 
                            





Word mark:
 DIRTYLEMON RAW DETOX


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

6/13/2017



  Serial Number:  
86678583


  Filing Date:  
6/30/2015


 Registration Number:  
5220713 


 Registration Date:  
6/13/2017


 Goods and Services: 
activated charcoal-infused detox drink made with cold-pressed lemon juice and filtered water


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
3/28/2017


Last Applicant/Owner:

DIRTY LEMON BEVERAGES LLCBrooklyn, NY  11215
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("RAW DETOX")


 Correspondent:


RANDOLPH E. DIGGES, III
Rankin Hill & Clark Llp
23755 Lorain Rd Ste 200
North Olmsted, OH 44070-2260






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (032) - Beers; mineral and aerated waters and other nonalcoholic drinks; fruit drinks and fruit juices; syrups and other preparations for making beverages. 


First Use Anywhere: 
6/29/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
6/29/2015





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your DIRTYLEMON RAW DETOX trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/13/2017
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



RANDOLPH E. DIGGES, III


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of DIRTYLEMON RAW DETOX trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search dirtylemonrawdetox on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for DIRTYLEMON RAW DETOX 




DIRTYLEMON RAW DETOX is providing activated charcoal-infused detox drink made with cold-pressed lemon juice and filtered water.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















DIRTY LEMON - Better Beverages to Drink Daily
sleepdetoxskin+hairenergyclaritycartPlease add items to your cart to proceedsleepdetoxskin+hairenergyclarityorderingpaymentsshippingcontactLoadingWe'll keep it interesting.submitDIRTY LEMON - Better Beverages to Drink Daily
sleepdetoxskin+hairenergyclaritycartPlease add items to your cart to proceedsleepdetoxskin+hairenergyclarityorderingpaymentsshippingcontactLoadingWe'll keep it interesting.submitDIRTY LEMON - Better Beverages to Drink Daily
sleepdetoxskin+hairenergyclaritycartPlease add items to your cart to proceedsleepdetoxskin+hairenergyclarityorderingpaymentsshippingcontactLoadingWe'll keep it interesting.submit

Dirty Lemon Beverages, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:29 AM ET
Food Products

Company Overview of Dirty Lemon Beverages, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Dirty Lemon Beverages, LLC produces and sells juices. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is based in Brooklyn, New York.


55-C 9th StreetBrooklyn, NY 11215United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 877-897-7784

dirtylemon.com







Key Executives for Dirty Lemon Beverages, LLC


Dirty Lemon Beverages, LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 \EV RANCH LLLP United States 1-2-3 Gluten Free, Inc. United States 10th Avenue Tea LLC United States 18 Rabbits LLC United States 18th Street Deli, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      November 18, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Dirty Lemon Beverages, LLC, please visit dirtylemon.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









DIRTY LEMON - Better Beverages to Drink Daily
sleepdetoxskin+hairenergyclaritycartPlease add items to your cart to proceedsleepdetoxskin+hairenergyclarityorderingpaymentsshippingcontactLoadingWe'll keep it interesting.submit



DIRTY LEMON BEVERAGES LLC Brooklyn NY, 11215 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Dirty Lemon Beverages LLC
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Dirty Lemon Beverages LLC



55c 9th St

Brooklyn,
							
							
							 NY
							
							
							 11215-3108
							
							 |  view map



						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

DIRTY LEMON BEVERAGES LLC in Brooklyn, NY.  













Company Details

Location Type:
						Branch
					

Ownership: Private
						
					


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Hammer & CO


RAM Enterprises Inc


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Barnes & Noble


Walbro


Coats Electric CO Inc


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Montgomery Marine Repair


Ideal Construction CO








Community Payment Ratings

Average:



✪
✪
✪
✪
•


								3.3
							


							( Based on
							
							3
							Ratings
							
							)
						












								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
								
								(
								3
								reviews)
								
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Dirty Lemon Beverages LLC
Rate Dirty Lemon Beverages LLC on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Dirty Lemon Beverages LLC
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
W & B TRUCKING INC
VUDEN INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOGUE
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOLTAIRE

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
GOODY 2 SHOES
L & L MACHINE TOOL
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
CONTORNO INC
ADVENT I LLC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
PANALPINA INC
AZURADISC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
STINGER WELDING INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  














DIRTY LEMON - Better Beverages to Drink Daily
sleepdetoxskin+hairenergyclaritycartPlease add items to your cart to proceedsleepdetoxskin+hairenergyclarityorderingpaymentsshippingcontactLoadingWe'll keep it interesting.submit 

Dirty Lemon Beverages, LLC - Supplier Finder | BevNET.com








 













 













































BevNET



 










Supplier Finder  » 
    USA  » 
    Dirty Lemon Beverages, LLC


Dirty Lemon Beverages, LLC




Phone
(877) 897-7784
Web Site

http://dirtylemondetox.com/


 Edit this Company




Categories

Beverage Companies: USA , Beverage Companies: USA 

Brands

Dirty Lemon Detox

Capabilities

    None Specified

Company News











                                Beverages on Broadway: Non-Alcoholic Innovations Showcased in New York
                            


                            Posted:
                             Jul 14, 2017 at 1:30 PM (Last Updated: Jul 14, 2017 at 1:30 PM)




                            Earlier this week, BevNET visited New York City to meet with two companies taking inspiration from the craft spirits movement to help elevate non-alcoholic drinking through complex flavors, eye-catching presentation or immersive on-premise experiences.
                        












Beverage Industry Jobs



On Premise Manager - Dallas/Fort Worth - FIJI Water
Creative Manager - Dogfish Head Craft Brewery
Philadelphia Brewery Sales Representative - Cape May Brewing Company
Sales Representative - Craft Beer Guild Distributing of LA
National Sales Director - Citizen Cider
Packaging Manager - Ecliptic Brewing
Quality Assurance Analyst - Stone Brewing Co.






Subscribe to BevNET's Daily Newsletter









Recent Articles




Features
Newswire
Spirits
Beer





Protein2o Adds Gatorade Vets, $4 Million in New Funding
WTRMLN WTR Targeted In Class Action Suit
Video: Bill Moses On Starting, Growing, Disrupting and Selling KeVita
Bai Acquisition Still Settling for DPSG
Review: Humm Kombucha’s Seasonal Hopped Grapefruit
Seattle’s Sound Kombucha On the Rise
Basemakers and Phoodie Merge




Positive Energy Launches at Lucky Supermarkets
Review: Humm Kombucha’s Seasonal Hopped Grapefruit
Mariah Fineman Appointed as President for ​iDrink Beverages
Coca-Cola Zero Sugar Launches in U.S. with New and Improved Real Coca-Cola Taste
Juice Press To Open First D.C. Store In Union Station
Fairlife Introduces SuperKids Ultra-Filtered Milk with DHA Omega-3
Tea Of A Kind Introduces Eco-Friendly 4-Pack




James E. Pepper Distillery in Lexington, KY Receives Historic Distillery License
Heaven Hill Distillery Releases 2017 Parker’s Heritage Collection
IBHL Appoints Steph Ridgway as Manager of Brand Education
Catoctin Creek Distilling Company Spirits to Enter Pennsylvania in September
Heaven Hill Brands to Acquire Carolan’s Irish Cream Liqueur, Irish Mist Liqueur
Copper & Kings American Brandy Co. Adds Five New Markets
Bardstown Bourbon Company Appoints John J. Mack to Board of Directors




Genesee Brew House Releases Grüngeist Pale Ale in Pilot Batch Series
Pedal Haus Releases Rye New England-style IPA in Honor of Late Brewer
Boston Beer Company Reports Improved Revenue, Depletions Trends
Innis & Gunn Introduces 2 Limited-Edition Beers
Craft Brew Alliance Begins Selling Kona Brewing’s Hula Hefeweizen in California and Nevada
Shmaltz Brewing Announces 2 Summer Releases
Brewers Association Expands Professional Beer and Food Course








Upcoming Events








BevNET Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Dec 4 - 5, 2017




 






NOSH Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • November 30, 2017




 






Brewbound Session Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Nov. 29, 2017




 








BevNET.com



Tweets by @BevNET







 

















Follow Us:








Free E-Newsletters:


 BevNET Daily


 Project NOSH (Natural Food)


 Brewbound.com (Craft Beer)




 


BevNET Beverage School is an on-demand, video-based learning tool and online community designed for entrepreneurs and newcomers to the food and beverage industry.

 


Click to View Current Issue
Published 8x per year, BevNET Magazine is the leading industry magazine for analysis of trends, innovation, marketing, and product development.

 


The BevNET Podcast is now Taste Radio, the podcast for the beverage, food and beer industries. New episodes every Friday.





 

Dirty Lemon Raw Detox | Dirty Lemon Detox |  BevNET.com Product Review + Ordering | BevNET.com








 













 





















 
























BevNET



 











Home »
        Reviews » 
        Dirty Lemon Detox » 
        Dirty Lemon Raw Detox
    







Dirty Lemon Detox
by Dirty Lemon Beverages, LLC



Product Type

Juice: Cold Pressed or Raw, High Pressure Processed (HPP)

Container
16 Oz Plastic
Nutritional Info
Nutritional information is not available for this product.
Ingredients
Ingredients are not available for this product.




                            Bevnet Rating
                        










    User rating





(28 votes)
Thank you for your vote!










Tweet






































 Upload More Images

















PreviousNext


Buy Online




Review: Dirty Lemon Raw Detox

                        Posted: Jul 14, 2015 at 1:47 PM
                                            (Last Updated: Aug 06, 2015 at 10:54 AM)
                    



                Dirty Lemon Raw Detox is, as the name suggests, a cleanse-focused product. The beverage, which is high pressure processed, is made with water, cold-pressed lemon juice, dandelion root extract, ginger root extract and activated charcoal. It has 10 calories and 1g of sugar per 16 oz. bottle.  From a taste perspective, the product has a very heavy lemon flavor, which is cut ever so slightly by the added ginger. The activated charcoal does not have a specific flavor per se, but the product does seem to have a slightly not of burnt flavor to it. Truly though, what we really like about this product is that it’s much more of a water than a juice, which sets it apart from most of the other activated charcoal products that we’ve sampled to date. From a packaging perspective, the approach to this product is chic and minimalist.  Short of a few transparent strips that run across the package (and in effect turn into black stripes since that’s the color of the liquid), it’s not possible to see inside the bottle. We did not, however, like that the sleeve wrap label went over the cap. This part neither looked overly attractive (especially compared with the professional photo of the product, which has a silver cap and no wrap over) and hinders one’s ability to quickly open the product. Still, the overall design and concept of the product feel very much like the company is headed in the right direction. Finally, there’s the fact that this is a direct-to-consumer product. This is only relevant to the review in that the back of the bottle has a call-to-action to reorder, which requires either a visit to the company's website or sending a text message to a number that’s printed on the bottle. Whether or not the approach is commercially viable is hard to say. Ultimately, Dirty Lemon Raw Detox is a well-executed product that goes at the cleanse market in a unique and innovative way. 
            


Comments










Beverage Industry Jobs



On Premise Manager - Dallas/Fort Worth - FIJI Water
Creative Manager - Dogfish Head Craft Brewery
Philadelphia Brewery Sales Representative - Cape May Brewing Company
Sales Representative - Craft Beer Guild Distributing of LA
National Sales Director - Citizen Cider
Packaging Manager - Ecliptic Brewing
Quality Assurance Analyst - Stone Brewing Co.






Subscribe to BevNET's Daily Newsletter









Recent Articles




Features
Newswire
Spirits
Beer





Protein2o Adds Gatorade Vets, $4 Million in New Funding
WTRMLN WTR Targeted In Class Action Suit
Video: Bill Moses On Starting, Growing, Disrupting and Selling KeVita
Bai Acquisition Still Settling for DPSG
Review: Humm Kombucha’s Seasonal Hopped Grapefruit
Seattle’s Sound Kombucha On the Rise
Basemakers and Phoodie Merge




Positive Energy Launches at Lucky Supermarkets
Review: Humm Kombucha’s Seasonal Hopped Grapefruit
Mariah Fineman Appointed as President for ​iDrink Beverages
Coca-Cola Zero Sugar Launches in U.S. with New and Improved Real Coca-Cola Taste
Juice Press To Open First D.C. Store In Union Station
Fairlife Introduces SuperKids Ultra-Filtered Milk with DHA Omega-3
Tea Of A Kind Introduces Eco-Friendly 4-Pack




James E. Pepper Distillery in Lexington, KY Receives Historic Distillery License
Heaven Hill Distillery Releases 2017 Parker’s Heritage Collection
IBHL Appoints Steph Ridgway as Manager of Brand Education
Catoctin Creek Distilling Company Spirits to Enter Pennsylvania in September
Heaven Hill Brands to Acquire Carolan’s Irish Cream Liqueur, Irish Mist Liqueur
Copper & Kings American Brandy Co. Adds Five New Markets
Bardstown Bourbon Company Appoints John J. Mack to Board of Directors




Genesee Brew House Releases Grüngeist Pale Ale in Pilot Batch Series
Pedal Haus Releases Rye New England-style IPA in Honor of Late Brewer
Boston Beer Company Reports Improved Revenue, Depletions Trends
Innis & Gunn Introduces 2 Limited-Edition Beers
Craft Brew Alliance Begins Selling Kona Brewing’s Hula Hefeweizen in California and Nevada
Shmaltz Brewing Announces 2 Summer Releases
Brewers Association Expands Professional Beer and Food Course








Upcoming Events








BevNET Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Dec 4 - 5, 2017




 






NOSH Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • November 30, 2017




 






Brewbound Session Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Nov. 29, 2017




 








BevNET.com



Tweets by @BevNET







 

















Follow Us:








Free E-Newsletters:


 BevNET Daily


 Project NOSH (Natural Food)


 Brewbound.com (Craft Beer)




 


BevNET Beverage School is an on-demand, video-based learning tool and online community designed for entrepreneurs and newcomers to the food and beverage industry.

 


Click to View Current Issue
Published 8x per year, BevNET Magazine is the leading industry magazine for analysis of trends, innovation, marketing, and product development.

 


The BevNET Podcast is now Taste Radio, the podcast for the beverage, food and beer industries. New episodes every Friday.







Dirty Lemon Beverages, LLC - Supplier Finder | ProjectNOSH.com





































































Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
Email

BevNET










Open Menu


Nosh



Account



Logout






Expand Search Field





















 






Dirty Lemon Beverages, LLC




Phone
(877) 897-7784
Web Site

http://dirtylemondetox.com/


 Edit this Company




Categories

    USA, USA

Capabilities

    None Specified




Most Recent


VMG Closes New, $550 Million Fund to Invest In Entrepreneurial Brands


Watch: Tate’s CEO Believes in ‘Power of the Cookie’


CLIF Kid Launches Zbar Filled


PureCircle Unveils Stevia Cocoa and Vanilla Flavor Enhancers


NOSH Voices: Disruptive, Cultured Food at the Daily Table



All News
Submit News



Get Our Free E-Newsletter
Get exclusive content, expert insight, category data, industry job listings, and more. Just enter your email address below.




Add Me





Jobs


On Premise Manager - Dallas/Fort Worth - FIJI Water


Creative Manager - Dogfish Head Craft Brewery


DSD Representative for Growing Kombucha Company - Revive Kombucha


On Premise Activation Specialist - Key West, FL - Inspira Marketing


Quality Engineer - Boston based Equipment Supplier - MIT Spinout


Southern California Field Sales Rep - Allagash Brewing Company


On Premise Activation Specialist - Morristown, NJ - Inspira Marketing



Post Job
All Jobs



Events







NOSH Live Winter 2017
Santa Monica, CA / November 30, 2017





Learn More About Project NOSH Events














×
Free E-Newsletter







Free E-Newsletter for the Natural Food Industry

			Featuring exclusive content, expert insight, category data, industry job listings, and more. Subscribe now:




Subscribe
















×
Welcome to Project NOSH Education








BevNET FBU is now Project NOSH Education
				We're pleased to announce both a new brand as well as a host of new content for our subscribers.  This includes
				a variety of Tracks & Courses which have been designed to guide you trough the education process. We hope you enjoy!
            

Continue










