




Disruptive Innovation Fund, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Christensen  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Disruptive Innovation Fund, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Rose Park Advisors, Llc 200 State Street 
    Boston, MA, 02109Phone: 617-849-9265 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-13


Amended


$55,807,626


$3,850,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-12-01


Amended


$51,957,626


$1,566,935


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-12-05


New


$50,390,691


$50,390,691


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Matthew Q. Christensen 
 Executive 


 Clayton M. Christensen 
 Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Disruptive Innovation Offshore Fund LP


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







Disruptive Innovation Offshore Fund LP
Hedge Fund






Institutional Investors

Hedge Funds

Disruptive Innovation Offshore Fund LP





















Disruptive Innovation Offshore Fund LP
is  a Cayman Islands Hedge Fund located in Boston,
Massachusetts.  
 

It was founded on Wednesday, August 01, 2012.






c/o Rose Park Advisors, LLC
Boston,
Massachusetts, 
02109 
United States
Phone: (617) 849-9265




Inception Date2012-08-01
CIK0001555934
JurisdictionCayman Islands
Updated2017-06-20 13:22:44.070529
NameDisruptive Innovation Offshore Fund LP
Latest Filing2016-11-03
As of Date2016-11-03
Inception2012-08-01
Form D File Number021-182572
Legal Entity TypeOther











Statements



Commitments and Contributions


Private Investors






Advisers



Fund Managers: 1












11-16
08-15
08-14




Commitments/Contributions
15.71M
7.11M
6.96M











11-16
08-15
08-14




Investors
16.00
11.00
11.00







Fund Managers: 2016-11-03



Rose Park Advisors, LLC
Delaware
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Disruptive Innovation: A Force for Strategic Change in Investment Management Operations | SimCorp





































































        Solutions
      



        Services
      



        Why SimCorp
      



        Client stories
      



        Insights
      




































                        Journal Article
                    



                        Asset Management
                    



                        Asset Servicers
                    



                        Fund Management
                    



                        Insurance
                    



                        Pension Funds
                    



                        Sovereign Wealth Funds
                    



                        Wealth Management
                    



                        Disruptive innovation
                    



                        FinTech
                    








Disruptive innovation




December 31, 2014






                    A force for strategic change in investment management operations
                








Read article and learn about:

Disruption as a change-maker
Identifying disruptive innovation opportunities
Disruptive business models and their potential
Acting on disruptive opportunities in a systematic way





About the author:
Matt Christensen is CEO and Portfolio Manager of Rose Park Advisors.
 
Matt co-founded Rose Park Advisors with Harvard Business School (HBS) Professor Clayton Christensen in 2007. Prior to this, Matt Christensen was a strategy consultant at Innosight and the Boston Consulting Group. He holds a BSE in Civil Engineering from Duke University and an MBA from HBS. 



 

About Rose Park Advisors
Rose Park Advisors, LLC is a boutique investment firm based in Boston, MA, and specializing in identifying investment opportunities by applying the disruptive innovation concept. More information at http://www.roseparkadvisors.com.

The investment management industry faces constant change. We interview Matt Christensen, CEO of Rose Park Advisors, for his insights into how firms can learn to identify opportunities for disruptive innovation, how disruption is shaping the industry, and how to operate successfully within this game-changing environment. 
Journal: Please describe Rose Park’s business activities in the context of the ‘disruptive innovation’ concept as defined by its co-founder, Professor Christensen, who as your father is also clearly a source of professional and academic inspiration.
Matt Christensen: Our investment decisions are driven by my father’s theories in disruptive innovation and related fields. Hence, we invest exclusively in companies where his research gives unique and differential insights into the investment thesis. So rather than identifying the phenomenon of disruptive innovation in hindsight, we look at ways to apply it prospectively. For over seven years now, we have been investing in companies we believe have the ability to act on disruptive opportunities. This could be anywhere in the world, and in any industry. 
Journal: What exactly is disruptive innovation and how does it apply to your operations?
Matt Christensen: Disruptive innovation describes a process by which a product or service takes root in simple applications at the bottom of a market and then relentlessly moves up market, eventually displacing established competitors or completely removing competition. Many of the firms that grow from start-ups to become industry giants are built around innovations that create new markets or reshape existing ones. They enable change. Just as established firms systematically underestimate how large entrant competitors will become, tools of financial analysis systematically underestimate their growth potential. Because these entrant firms tend to be misunderstood, the market misjudges their impact, presenting us with an investment opportunity. However, it is important to note that disruptive product innovation can ensue in large existing companies, such as global institutional investment managers, just as well as in changing innovative business settings.


 




            Disruptive Innovation – A Definition
            



Disruptive innovation describes a process by which a product or service takes root in simple applications at the bottom of a market and then relentlessly moves up market, eventually displacing established competitors or completely removing competition.




Journal: You mentioned change: how can disruptive innovation be perceived as a force for change?
Matt Christensen: In our market, change is constant. The type of firms we are interested in investing in must be geared to absorb and grow through change. We look for companies that are able to successfully manage the processes of identifying disruptive innovation opportunities, measuring option value, and acting on the outcome of the result analysis. Our investment approach stretches over years, even with public companies, so we put a lot of time into the due diligence process and expect to be long-term holders of stocks. On the long side, we apply the disruptive innovation framework to identify companies whose strategy is well suited to take advantage of change and will consistently beat the market with superior earnings. On the short side, we identify incumbent companies whose future vitality is threatened by disruptive attackers. This investment strategy has enabled our portfolio to consistently achieve superior performance since its inception.

Journal: In the article ‘Reinventing Your Business Model’, Professor Christensen asks: “Why is it so difficult for established companies to pull off the new growth that business model innovation can bring?”  Drawing on your own experience, how does this apply to investment management firms and the type of operating models they choose?

Matt Christensen: There will always be disruptive activity altering one or another segment of the investment management industry. To take one example, the introduction of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) disrupted long-established ways of doing business in the mutual funds sector. Firms arose that employed disruptive index-fund strategies to gain competitive advantage over their competitors in the sector. This process allowed individual investors cheaper and easier access to investment vehicles that were previously the exclusive preserve of professional asset managers.
There will always be disruptive activity altering one or another segment of the investment management industry.
Journal: How and in what ways did the ETF example make it hard for firms to reassess their business models?
Matt Christensen: Essentially, you were able to tap into a new market that was unattractive to the existing players, because an ETF’s fee structure is much lower and makes it hard for any firm that does not have enormous volumes to make money doing it. If you have an index fund, even an actively managed fund or something similar, you risk cannibalizing your cash cow. The key problem here is always going to be that the incumbent firms have a fee structure they are inclined to protect rather than undermine. This is what makes it so hard for them to change – the overhead they have and the processes that have helped them succeed in the past all wind up preserving the existing model rather than reinventing it.
Journal: Are there any other examples where you see this happening?
Matt Christensen: It remains to be seen, but there’s a good possibility that we will see this happen again with efforts at hedge-fund emulation that provide hedged strategies through retail investors. It is a model that undermines the fee structure of an incumbent firm and provides a security or a service to a group of investors that is new, that has historically been outside of the capital market, and that has the opportunity to be disruptive.
Journal: How does disruptive innovation assist Rose Park Advisors in its everyday investment management operations? 
Matt Christensen: We have a very broad investment mandate in some ways, and in other ways a very narrow one. It’s broad in that we’re allowed to invest in any type of security, any geography, or any industry. By far the most important selection criterion is whether the company we choose to invest in matches the framework of disruptive innovation. This is critical for us.
Journal: What about start-ups? Are all start-ups potentially disruptive and able to succeed?
Matt Christensen: Not all start-ups follow a model that I would describe as disruptive. If your strategy as a new entrant is to leap ahead of incumbents and beat them at their own game, it’s a very hard thing to pull off. But if you target a new concept, a new market, or a new business model as a start-up, I think your chances are much better. Here I think that what we are really good at is evaluating the disruptive potential of business models; we look for companies that have disruptive business models that allow them to target new markets.
Here I think that what we are really good at is evaluating the disruptive potential of business models; we look for companies that have disruptive business models that allow them to target new markets.
Journal: How can the disruptive innovation framework help investment managers create new growth opportunities? Are there any basic steps to follow here?

Matt Christensen: There are two aspects to that. One is evaluating the investment; the other is trying to serve your clients better or broaden the client base. In relation to the first, I really think it is not enough to just focus on looking for growth among companies that are seeking out new markets and hoping to grow in these. What you should be looking for are firms that are seeking to grow on a sustained basis over the long term by building a new market through addressing different potential needs or product areas.
Journal: What benefits does successful application of disruptive innovation bring to the table apart from competitive advantage? Can you cite any working examples drawn from the investment management industry?
Matt Christensen: I think some working examples can be found in the industry. One is in the area of big data. Companies that engage in data visualization, like Tableau Software, produce interactive data visualization products focused on business intelligence (BI). What they do is put analytical decision-making powers in the hands of middle managers who are usually not particularly sophisticated data analysts. By presenting these analytics visually in the way of dashboards and the like, they make it easier for front-line managers and others to reach decisions that are based on swift and accurate data. It’s also worth mentioning the rapid adoption of real-time payments, trading, and settlement systems that will foster innovation in the industry and meet client demands for greater ease of use and personalized service in the digital age. 
Journal: Where do you see other potential industry-related areas for disruptive innovation when it comes to the operating model?
Matt Christensen: One area for consideration here would be Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) that is targeted at specific industry verticals. It’s interesting to observe that if as a manager you had to buy a permanent license for a software suite and the cost was fully paid up in advance, you are likely to be more reticent in deploying software solutions because of the high investment required upfront. If you buy the license and the software doesn’t work the way your firm wants, you can risk your career as an IT professional. But if a software service exists where you pay by the month, you can start to roll it out and if it looks like it’s not working, you just cut it off and limit your losses. A solution like this lets your IT try different things and see what works and what doesn’t.
Journal: Looking ahead, what do you foresee are the main challenges for investment management firms in general – and the growth opportunities?
Matt Christensen: I think the main challenge in the long term is regulation. It would be delusional to think that you could have a market with no regulations. But the cost of doing business has grown so much that many opportunities rarely get off the ground, because what is required of them from a regulatory perspective seems so onerous. However, this is also where the opportunity lies. You must look for opportunities to proactively use disruptive innovation to turn regulatory change, market shocks, changing client demand, and moves away from regular business models, into competitive advantage. When you ask about growth opportunities, there is no doubt that emerging markets are very attractive. Here we see markets that lack services and products and you can compete against nothing – now that’s an attractive opportunity. In a lot of instances, you have to develop a different model to provide the goods or services you are seeking to deliver profitably. 
Journal: To summarize, what do you regard as the steps firms need to take to deliver on the promise of disruptive innovation?

Matt Christensen: Disruption is happening all around us, there are many opportunities in the investment management industry as well, and it is possible to deal with disruption. As the industry continues to experience repeated market shocks, client demands, and regulatory pressures, the success of individual firms will hinge on proactively responding to these changing business conditions. Those that fail to act will lose – clients, business, and competitive advantage. Understanding and using disruptive innovation as a tool can enable investment managers to optimize their business by adding new clients, new products, and hence securing competitive advantage. If you want to harness the growth potential that disruptive innovation offers, key is building disruption into your corporate ecosystem and acting on disruptive opportunities in a systematic, ritualized way. (See box on ‘How Investment Managers Can Succeed in Disruptive Innovation’).




            How Investment Managers Can Succeed in Disruptive Innovation
            



Matt Christensen, CEO, Rose Park Advisors 
            Based on the framework of
            “How Managers Can Effectively Respond to Opportunities for Disruptive Innovation” as outlined in ‘The Innovator’s Dilemma’ by Clayton Christensen, Professor, HBS.

Look for product opportunities in areas that are unattractive for mainstream investors
Let resources flow to product development and research for business areas in flux, legally, in terms of risk exposure, and technologically
Utilize an experimental approach to product development; start small, prepare for rapid scaling
Experiment in product development, learn from fact-based analysis, and improve rigorously until limits of opportunities are reached or risk turns unknown





 






✕





        Back
    



Share this story





































                  We use cookies to ensure our website works properly, to measure traffic, and to collect user statistics that will enable us to make our site more user-friendly. If you continue to browse the site, you will accept our use of cookies. Read more about cookies





Accept











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










  LIGDIUA Quote - LionGlobal Disruptive Innovation Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  LionGlobal Disruptive Innovation Fund   LIGDIUA:SP          1.118USD   0.001   0.09%     As of 5:56 AM EDT 7/26/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   0.989 - 1.121                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   1.117    52Wk Range   0.989 - 1.121    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Foreign Growth    Asset Class Focus   Equity    Geographic Focus   Global    NAV (on 07/26/2017)   1.118    Total Assets (SGD) (on -)   -    Inception Date   03/28/2017    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   IAN CHUA / SELVAN KUMARAN    Front Load Fee   3.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   -    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   LionGlobal Disruptive Innovation Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in Singapore. The Fund's objective is to provide long-term capital growth. The Fund invests in equities or equity-linked securities of companies globally, which are potential disruptors with strong growth prospects.    Address  Lion Global Investors Ltd65 Chulia Street#18-01/08Singapore 049513   Phone  65-6417-6800   Website   www.lionglobalinvestors.com              
  LIGDIUI Quote - LionGlobal Disruptive Innovation Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  LionGlobal Disruptive Innovation Fund   LIGDIUI:SP          1.121USD   0.001   0.09%     As of 5:54 AM EDT 7/26/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   0.989 - 1.124                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   1.120    52Wk Range   0.989 - 1.124    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Foreign Growth    Asset Class Focus   Equity    Geographic Focus   Global    NAV (on 07/26/2017)   1.121    Total Assets (SGD) (on -)   -    Inception Date   03/28/2017    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   IAN CHUA / SELVAN KUMARAN    Front Load Fee   3.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   -    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   LionGlobal Disruptive Innovation Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in Singapore. The Fund's objective is to provide long-term capital growth. The Fund invests in equities or equity-linked securities of companies globally, which are potential disruptors with strong growth prospects.    Address  Lion Global Investors Ltd65 Chulia Street#18-01/08Singapore 049513   Phone  65-6417-6800   Website   www.lionglobalinvestors.com              