

























Diversified Trust Co Maintains Stake in CONMED Corporation (CNMD) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for CONMED Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor CONMED Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

MB Financial (NASDAQ:MBFI) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect Range Resources Corporation (NYSE:RRC) Share Price
Senior plc (SNR) Receives GBX 214.64 Average Target Price from Brokerages
TTM Technologies (NASDAQ:TTMI) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds
Brunswick Corporation (BC) and Vista Outdoor (VSTO) Critical Analysis
Copart, Inc. (CPRT) Shares Bought by Prudential Financial Inc.
Glatfelter (NYSE:GLT) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows
Gartner (NYSE:IT) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.09
Prudential Financial Inc. Buys 4,270 Shares of Mednax, Inc (MD)
Contrasting Globus Medical (GMED) & Sunshine Heart (NASDAQ:SSH)
Catalyst Biosciences (CBIO) & Fortress Biotech (NASDAQ:FBIO) Financial Survey
KBC Group NV Lowers Position in New Oriental Education & Technology Group, Inc. (NYSE:EDU)
Churchill Downs, Incorporated (NASDAQ:CHDN) Position Cut by KBC Group NV
Barnes & Noble, Inc. (NYSE:BKS) Position Cut by KBC Group NV
UMB Financial Corporation (UMBF) Position Boosted by Prudential Financial Inc.
Stifel Financial Corp Lowers Position in Valero Energy Partners LP (VLP)
Arrow Electronics, Inc. (ARW) Stake Increased by Stifel Financial Corp
Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON) Lifted to Buy at Vetr Inc.
Shore Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Provident Financial plc (PFG)
Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Sells 10,288 Shares of Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ:BIIB)


 


Diversified Trust Co Maintains Stake in CONMED Corporation (CNMD)

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Diversified Trust Co held its position in CONMED Corporation (NASDAQ:CNMD) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 5,400 shares of the medical technology company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Diversified Trust Co’s holdings in CONMED Corporation were worth $275,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Inc. increased its position in CONMED Corporation by 46,036.5% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 3,153,427 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $140,043,000 after buying an additional 3,146,592 shares in the last quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. increased its position in CONMED Corporation by 12.9% in the first quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 2,150,886 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $95,521,000 after buying an additional 245,246 shares in the last quarter. Champlain Investment Partners LLC increased its position in CONMED Corporation by 16.4% in the first quarter. Champlain Investment Partners LLC now owns 1,728,445 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $76,760,000 after buying an additional 243,610 shares in the last quarter. Epoch Investment Partners Inc. bought a new position in CONMED Corporation during the first quarter worth $9,447,000. Finally, Norges Bank bought a new position in CONMED Corporation during the fourth quarter worth $9,236,000. 99.77% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get CONMED Corporation alerts:



CONMED Corporation (CNMD) traded down 0.61% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $50.16. 25,743 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $1.40 billion, a P/E ratio of 114.26 and a beta of 0.67. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $51.13 and a 200-day moving average price of $46.69. CONMED Corporation has a 1-year low of $37.60 and a 1-year high of $52.82. 




CONMED Corporation (NASDAQ:CNMD) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The medical technology company reported $0.38 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.35 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $186.57 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $181.47 million. CONMED Corporation had a net margin of 1.61% and a return on equity of 8.69%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 3.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.42 earnings per share. Analysts predict that CONMED Corporation will post $1.87 EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 15th were paid a $0.20 dividend. This represents a $0.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.59%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, June 13th. CONMED Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 181.82%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was reported by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/21/diversified-trust-co-maintains-stake-in-conmed-corporation-cnmd.html. 
CNMD has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services downgraded shares of CONMED Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price target for the stock from $50.00 to $48.00 in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of CONMED Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, June 27th. Needham & Company LLC increased their price target on shares of CONMED Corporation from $48.00 to $54.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, BidaskClub downgraded shares of CONMED Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, June 20th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $48.33.
In other CONMED Corporation news, EVP Daniel Jonas sold 3,000 shares of CONMED Corporation stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $51.22, for a total value of $153,660.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 14,455 shares in the company, valued at $740,385.10. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Dirk Kuyper sold 1,000 shares of CONMED Corporation stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, June 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $52.24, for a total transaction of $52,240.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 10,739 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $561,005.36. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 2.62% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
CONMED Corporation Company Profile
CONMED Corporation is a medical technology company. The Company is engaged in the development, manufacturing and sale on a global basis of surgical devices and related equipment. The Company provides surgical devices and equipment for minimally invasive procedures. The Company’s products are used by surgeons and physicians in a range of specialties, including orthopedics, general surgery, gynecology, neurosurgery and gastroenterology. 
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CNMD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CONMED Corporation (NASDAQ:CNMD).

 
Receive News & Ratings for CONMED Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CONMED Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























Diversified Metal Products v. T-Bow Co. Trust 



















DIVERSIFIED METAL PRODUCTS, INC., Plaintiff, v. T-BOW COMPANY TRUST, INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE, and STEVE MORGAN, Defendants.
Case No. CV 93-0405-E-BLW
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF IDAHO
1996 U.S. Dist.; 96-2 U.S. Tax Cas. (CCH) P.50,437; 78 A.F.T.R.2d (RIA) 5830
July 18, 1996, Decided
July 18, 1996, FILED



DISPOSITION:
[*1] United States' Motion for Summary Judgment (Docket No. 34), filed April 30, 1996, GRANTED. The funds currently held in the Court's registry paid to the United States, pursuant to a proposed judgment consistent with this decision. The trial, currently set for July 23, 1996, VACATED.
COUNSEL:
For INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE, defendant: Betty H Richardson, US ATTORNEY'S OFFICE, Boise, ID. Paul W Sharratt, US DEPT OF JUSTICE, Tax Division, Washington, DC.
JUDGES:
B. LYNN WINMILL, UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE
OPINION BY:
B. LYNN WINMILL
OPINION:
MEMORANDUM DECISION AND ORDER
I. INTRODUCTION
This matter comes before the Court on Defendant United States'
Motion for Summary Judgment. The motion was filed on April 30,
1996, and no opposition to the motion has been filed. Therefore,
the Court has considered the brief submitted by the United States,
as well as the applicable case law and facts of this case, and
issues the following decision and order.
II. FACTS
Diversified Metal Products, Inc. ("Diversified")
is a steel and metal fabricator, doing business in Idaho Falls,
Idaho. Steven Morgan was employed by Diversified during
1993, where he performed welding and other services. T-Bow Company
Trust ("T-Bow") was an unincorporated trust organization,
created July 2, 1992, and terminated in 1994, with Steven Morgan
as its manager. The address listed for T-Bow was [*2] the
same as Morgan's home address. T-Bow entered into an "Independent
Contractor Agreement" with Diversified on May 3, 1993,
however the effective date of the agreement was March 5, 1993.
Pursuant to the agreement, Morgan performed the same welding and
other services at Diversified as he had prior to that time;
however, T-Bow billed Diversified for the work Morgan performed,
and Diversified paid Morgan's wages directly to T-Bow.
Morgan performed all labor or services provided by T-Bow.
T-Bow had a checking account at the Bank of Commerce from March
10, 1993 to August 30, 1994. The signature card for T-Bow indicated
that Marlin Hill, as trustee, and Steven and Koreen Morgan had
signature authority on the account. Deposits to T-Bow's account
at the Bank of Commerce totaled $ 11,056.40. The checks written
on the T-Bow account indicate a pattern in that checks were made
out to "Cash" and then designated to an individual or
entity in the "memo" portion of the check. The individuals
or entity listed in the "Memo" designations were SK
& Bunch Holding, Ralph Brian, Koreen Morgan and Steven Morgan.
n1 The total of the checks made payable to, or listed in the "Memo"
designation as for SK & [*3] Bunch Holding, Koreen
Morgan and Steven Morgan for the period between March 1993 through
July 1993 was $ 9,786.00.
-Footnotes-
n1 The United States also contends that SK & Bunch Holding
Trust, a trust created with identical documents as T-Bow, is a
nominee of Steven Morgan. The Internal Revenue Service has so
determined. However, that is not at issue before the Court, and
will not be decided here.
-End Footnotes-
The Internal Revenue Service has made assessments of unpaid
federal income taxes against Steven and Koreen Morgan, jointly,
and Steven Morgan, individually. Three separate assessments were
made, with Notice of Federal Tax Liens being filed with the Madison
County Recorder in Rexburg, Idaho on August 30, 1993. On August
3, 1993, the Internal Revenue Service served a Notice of Levy
on Steven Morgan's employer, Diversified, requesting payment
of all wages, salary or other income owed to Steven Morgan. The
Morgans have failed to voluntarily pay these federal tax liabilities.
The only payments have come as a result of the seizure and [*4]
sale of the Morgans' property by the Internal Revenue Service.
As of April 22, 1996, the outstanding liability, including statutory
interest, from the 1989 and 1990 tax years is $ 5,673.74, which
liabilities continue to accrue interest at the statutory rate.
This interpleader action was filed by Diversified in
order for the Court to determine competing claims to two checks
totaling $ 849.60. The action was originally filed in Bonneville
County, Idaho, and removed to this Court by the United States.
The checks are from Diversified and made payable to T-Bow,
and represent monies paid for welding and other labor performed
by Steven Morgan at Diversified. The United States, T-Bow
and Steven Morgan all claim an interest in the funds. Although
Diversified has been previously dismissed on its own motion,
it requests attorney's fees and costs should the United States
be unsuccessful in its claim.
The United States submits this Motion for Summary Judgment,
and claims that it has priority to the interpleaded funds over
the other claimants because the of the liens that arose in its
favor as of the date of the assessments. The United States contends
that these liens have priority over the claims [*5] of
Steven Morgan, as they attach to all of his property and rights
to property. The United States further argues that its liens have
priority over T-Bow, as T-Bow is merely an alter ego and/or nominee
of Steven Morgan. Finally, the United States argues that because
it is entitled to the entire funds interpleaded to the Court,
Diversified may not recover attorney's fees, as such would
diminish the United States' recovery on its tax liens.
III. SUMMARY JUDGMENT STANDARD
Motions for summary judgment are governed by Rule 56 of the
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Rule 56 provides, in pertinent
part, that judgment "shall be rendered forthwith if the pleadings,
depositions, answers to interrogatories, and admissions on file,
together with the affidavits, if any, show that there is no genuine
issue as to any material fact and that the moving party is entitled
to a judgment as a matter of law," U.S.C.S. Court Rules,
Rule 56(c), Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
The Supreme Court has made it clear that under Rule 56 summary
judgment is mandated if the non-moving party fails to make a showing
sufficient to establish the existence of an element which is essential
to the non-moving party's [*6] case and upon which the
non-moving party will bear the burden of proof at trial. See,
Celotex Corp v. Catrett, 477 U.S. 317, 322, 91 L. Ed. 2d 265,
106 S. Ct. 2548 (1986). If the non-moving party fails to make
such a showing on any essential element, "there can be no
'genuine issue of material fact,' since a complete failure of
proof concerning an essential element of the nonmoving party's
case necessarily renders all other facts immaterial." Id.
at 323. n2
-Footnotes-
n2 See also, Rule 56(e) which provides, in part:
When a motion for summary judgment is made and supported as
provided in this rule, an adverse party may not rest upon the
mere allegations or denials of the adverse party's pleadings,
but the adverse party's response, by affidavits or as otherwise
provided in this rule, must set forth specific facts showing that
there is a genuine issue for trial. If the adverse party does
not so respond, summary judgment, if appropriate, shall be entered
against the adverse party.
U.S.C.S. Court Rules, Rules of Civil Procedure, Rule 56(e).
-End Footnotes-[*7]
Moreover, under Rule 56, it is clear that an issue, in order
to preclude entry of summary judgment, must be both "material"
and "genuine." An issue is "material" if it
affects the outcome of the litigation. An issue, before it may
be considered "genuine," must be established by "sufficient
evidence supporting the claimed factual dispute . . . to require
a jury or judge to resolve the parties' differing versions of
the truth at trial." Hahn v. Sargent, 523 F.2d 461, 464
(1st Cir. 1975) (quoting First Nat'l Bank v. Cities Serv.
Co. Inc., 391 U.S. 253, 289, 20 L. Ed. 2d 569, 88 S. Ct. 1575
(1968)). The Ninth Circuit cases are in accord. See, e.g.,
British Motor Car Distrib. v. San Francisco Automotive Indus.
Welfare Fund, 882 F.2d 371 (9th Cir. 1989).
According to the Ninth Circuit, in order to withstand a motion for summary judgment, a party
(1) must make a showing sufficient to establish a genuine issue
of fact with respect to any element for which it bears the burden
of proof; (2) must show that there is an issue that may reasonably
be resolved in favor of either party; and (3) must come forward
with more persuasive evidence than would otherwise be necessary
when [*8] the factual context makes the non-moving party's
claim implausible.
Id. at 374 (citation omitted).
Of course, when applying the above standard, the court must
view all of the evidence in a light most favorable to the non-moving
party. Anderson v. Liberty Lobby, Inc., 477 U.S. 242, 255,
91 L. Ed. 2d 202, 106 S. Ct. 2505 (1986); Hughes v. United
States, 953 F.2d 531, 541 (9th Cir. 1992).
IV. DISCUSSION
The United States bases its Motion for Summary Judgment on
its contention that its claims have priority over those of both
Morgan and T-Bow. n3 Pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code, if
a person who is liable to pay any federal tax fails to pay such
tax after notice and demand, a federal tax lien arises against
all property and rights to property belonging to that person.
I.R.C. ß 6321. The date the lien arises is the date of the
assessment of the tax and continues in full force and effect until
the liability is extinguished or becomes unenforceable, I.R.C.
ß 6322. The lien attaches to all after-acquired property
of the taxpayer, including rights to payment. Bank of America
Nat'l Trust & Savings Ass'n v. Mamakos, 509 F.2d 1217, 1219
(9th Cir. 1975). Furthermore, [*9] in order to be enforceable
as against third parties, the Notice of Federal Tax Lien must
be filed. A federal tax lien arises automatically upon the failure
of a taxpayer to pay an assessed tax after notice and demand.
I.R.C. ß 6321; See also, United States v. Speers, 382
U.S. 266, 267, 15 L. Ed. 2d 314, 86 S. Ct. 411 (1965).
-Footnotes-
n3 The Internal Revenue Service, and not the United States,
was originally named as defendant in this action. However, the
United States is correct that the Internal Revenue Service has
no capacity to sue or be sued. Blackmar v. Guerre, 342 U.S. 512, 514, 96 L. Ed. 534, 72 S. Ct. 410
(1952). Therefore, the United States is properly substituted
for the Internal Revenue Service in this action.
-End Footnotes-
Exhibits 1, 3 and 5 to the Declaration of Cindy Mason indicate
that notice of the tax liabilities were served on the Morgans.
The Certificates of Assessments and Payments submitted as attachments
to Exhibits 1 and 3, in the absence of evidence to the contrary,
are presumptive evidence that assessments [*10] were properly
made and that the required notices were properly mailed. Hughes
v. United States, 953 F.2d 531, 535 (9th Cir. 1992). Additionally,
Exhibits 2, 4 and 7 to the Declaration of Cindy Mason indicate
that the three Notice of Federal Tax Liens were properly recorded.
n4 The Court, in the absence of any evidence to the contrary,
finds that the liabilities were properly calculated, the Morgans
and T-Bow were given proper notice and demand for payment, and
the liens were properly recorded. The liens arose on the dates
of assessment, May 31, 1993. n5 The two checks at issue from Diversified
were issued on August 4, 1993 and August 11, 1993, after the liens had arisen.
-Footnotes-
n4 The Court notes that Exhibit 2 is a lien notice against
both Steven and Koreen Morgan, and was recorded on August 30,
1993. Exhibit 4 is a lien notice against Steven Morgan only, and
was recorded on August 30, 1993. Exhibit 7 is a lien notice against
T-Bow as agent, nominee, transferee and/or alter ego of Steven
and Koreen Morgan. It was not recorded until November 15, 1993.
n5 The Court notes that the 1988 tax liability, which totals
$ 516.50 and is referenced in Exhibits 1 and 2 to the Declaration
of Cindy Mason, has been satisfied and is no longer at issue in
the instant case.
-End Footnotes-[*11]
The priority of federal tax liens is governed by a "first
in time, first in right" theory. A competing claim prevails
against a federal tax lien only if it becomes choate and perfected
before the federal tax lien attaches and becomes effective. United
States v. City of New Britain, 347 U.S. 81, 86-88, 98 L. Ed. 520,
74 S. Ct. 367 (1954). To be choate, a competing claim must
be definite as to the identify of the lienor, definite as to the
identity of the property to which the lien attaches, and definite
as to the amount of the lien. Id. No such claim has been
alleged, and thus the United States argues that to the extent
the interpleaded funds are determined to be property or rights
to property of Steven Morgan, the federal tax liens have attached
and must be paid prior to any claim by Steven Morgan to such funds.
Priority Over T-Bow
The United States argues that the federal tax lien takes priority
over and attaches to any funds due T-Bow for work performed by
Steven Morgan at Diversified because T-Bow is the alter
ego and/or nominee of Morgan, and that it is a sham trust devoid
of economic reality. As stated above, the liens properly arose
on May 31, 1993, and [*12] thus the tax liens against Steven
Morgan attach to all property and rights to property owned by
him on May 31, 1993, and thereafter acquired, I.R.C. ß 6321;
Runkel v. United States, 527 F.2d 914, 916 (9th Cir. 1975).
The Internal Revenue Service is authorized to levy upon property
that belongs to the taxpayer but is possessed by or nominally
held by the taxpayer's "nominee, alter-ego, or transferee."

Al-Kim, Inc. v. United States, 650 F.2d 944, 946 (9th Cir.
1979); see also, Wolfe v. United States, 798 F.2d 1241,
1243 (9th Cir. 1986); I.R.C. ß 6331. That being said,
the next question is whether T-Bow is the alter-ego of Steven
Morgan.
As the United States' brief points out, the issue of whether
Steven Morgan has a property interest is an issue decided by state
law. See, Aquilino v. United States, 363 U.S. 509, 512-513,
4 L. Ed. 2d 1365, 80 S. Ct. 1277 (1960); Towe Antique Ford
Foundation v. Internal Revenue Service, 999 F.2d 1387, 1391 (9th
Cir. 1993). The Idaho Supreme Court has stated that if: (1)
there is such a unity of interest and ownership that the separate
personalities of the corporation and the individual no longer
exist, and (2) if the acts are treated [*13] as those of
the corporation an inequitable result will follow, then the corporate
entity may be disregarded. See Chick v. Tomlinson, 531 P.2d
573, 575, 96 Idaho 483 (Idaho 1975). The Tomlinson

court examined several factors when it considered whether to disregard an entity's separate identity. These factors have been utilized, as a non-exclusive list, by other courts as well. They are:
(1) whether the individual is a majority shareholder, officer, director, trustee, managing partner, or otherwise in a position of authority over the affairs of the entity;
(2) whether the individual controls and dominates the business entity's actions and affairs without consulting others;
(3) whether the individual controls and sometimes withholds information from other investors;
(4) whether the individual uses the business entity to shield himself from personal liability;
(5) whether the individual uses the business entity for his own personal and financial gain;
(6) whether the individual mingles his own and his family's affairs in the affairs of the business entity; and
(7) whether the individual uses the business entity to assume his own debts, or the [*14] debts of another, or whether the individual uses his own funds to pay the business entity's debts.
See Towe Antique Ford Foundation v. I.R.S., supra, 999 F.2d
1387 at 1391 (applying Montana law). The first factor is met,
as Morgan was a manager of T-Bow. The second factor is satisfied
since Morgan was able to act independently of the trustees. The
trust creation documents indicate that Marlin Hill needed to co-sign
all checks and approve all major purchases; however, the documents
also allowed him to delegate the management of the trust to others.
Steven and Koreen Morgan were managers of the trust. It is also
clear that Morgan has mingled his own and his family's affairs
in those of T-Bow.
The United States further cites to the fact that Morgan had
been assessed for his 1988 federal tax liability prior to the
time when T-Bow was formed. Additionally, Morgan's 1989 and 1990
tax liabilities had accrued prior to December 14, 1992, which
is the date T-Bow's creation documents were filed with the Madison
County Recorder. He was also under a labor contract with T-Bow,
and Morgan's employer and duties were unchanged after the "Independent
Contractor Agreement" was executed between [*15] T-Bow
and Diversified. Finally, the funds paid to T-Bow by Diversified

were placed in T-Bow's checking account, and then checks were
made out on that account and designated to Steven Morgan, Koreen
Morgan or SK & Bunch Holding Trust, which the Internal Revenue
Service has determined to be another nominee of Steven Morgan.
The Towe court considered additional factors in determining whether an alter ego situation existed. Those factors are whether:
(1) no consideration or inadequate consideration was paid by the nominee;
(2) the property was placed in the name of the nominee in anticipation of a suit or occurrence of liabilities while the transferor continued to exercise control over the property;
(3) a close relationship between transferor and the nominee existed;
(4) the conveyance failed to be recorded;
(5) possession was retained by the transferor; and
(6) the transferor continued to enjoy the benefits of the transferred property.
See, Towe Antique Ford Foundation v. I.R.S., supra, 999
F.2d at 1393. In the instant case, the tax liabilities had
already arisen when the trust was formed, and the Morgans had
notice of those liabilities [*16] prior to the execution
of the "Independent Contractor Agreement." These facts
indicate that the channeling of wages through T-Bow was done in
anticipation of the tax lien, all the while Morgan continued to
exercise control over the money.
It is also clear that a close relationship existed between
the Morgans and T-Bow. Steven and Koreen Morgan were managers
of the trust, and their home address was an address listed for
the trust. The trust was, in effect, Steven Morgan's employer,
as it contracted to send Steven out to work at Diversified
and billed Diversified for Steven's wages. Steven was
paid directly by T-Bow, and only indirectly by Diversified.
It is also clear that Morgan retained possession and continued
to enjoy the benefits of T-Bow's assets. The Morgans continued
to retain possession of the funds in the T-Bow account, by virtue
of their managerial status, and because T-Bow paid Steven his
wages from the trust checking account.
Based on the foregoing, the Court finds that T-Bow was in fact
the alter ego of Steven Morgan. Because of the alter ego status
of T-Bow, the funds payable to T-Bow and deposited within the
registry of the Court are properly considered to be the property
[*17] of Steven Morgan, and thus subject to the federal
tax lien. n6
-Footnotes-
n6 An additional ground for granting summary judgment is that
the Morgans have failed "to make a showing sufficient to
establish the existence of an element which is essential to [their]
case and upon which [they] will bear the burden of proof at trial."
Celotex Corp. v. Catrett, 477 U.S. 317, 322, 91 L. Ed. 2d 265,
106 S. Ct. 2548 (1986). By not responding to the motion for
summary judgment, the Morgans have made no showing that Steven
Morgan or T-Bow has any claim to the funds which has priority
over the United States' lien. For this reason alone, the Court
could grant summary judgment to the United States. However, the
Court finds it preferable to resolve motions for summary judgment
on the merits whenever possible.
-End Footnotes-
Diversified's Claim for Attorney's Fees
The Ninth Circuit has held that a party's claim for attorney's
fees and costs may not deplete any portion of any interpleaded
fund prior to full satisfaction of the federal [*18] tax
lien thereon. Abex Corp. v. Ski's Enterprises, Inc., 748 F.2d
513, 516-517 (9th Cir. 1984). Diversified apparently
concedes this fact, as it only sought attorney's fees in the event
that the United States did not prevail on its claim to the funds.
Here, the lien far exceeds the $ 849.60 interpleaded, and thus
the Court will not grant Diversified its attorney's fees
in this matter.
V. CONCLUSION
The Court finds that the federal tax lien was properly assessed,
noticed and recorded, and that it takes priority over any competing
claims. The Court further finds that T-Bow was the alter ego or-nominee
of Steven Morgan, and the funds payable to it are in fact, Morgan's
property, and subject to the lien. Finally, because an award of
attorney's fees to Diversified would deplete the interpleaded
funds prior to full satisfaction of the lien, the Court declines
to award such fees and costs.
VI. ORDER
Based on the foregoing and the Court being fully advised in the premises,
IT IS THEREFORE ORDEred that the United States' Motion for Summary Judgment (Docket No. 34), filed April 30, 1996, should be, and is hereby, GRANTED.
IT IS FURTHER ORDEred that the funds currently [*19] held in the Court's registry shall be paid to the United States, pursuant to a proposed judgment consistent with this decision. The Court directs the United States to prepare and submit for the Court's approval such proposed judgment.
IT IS FURTHER ORDEred that the trial, currently set for July 23, 1996, is hereby VACATED.
DATED this 18th day of July, 1996.
B. LYNN WINMILL
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE
[Emphasis added by non-related party.]

Relating Items and Documents:
 
United States Response and Claim

Visit Author Archives: eowyndbh for information concerning the IRS and Title 15



NOTICE: Presented entities are not affiliated with Freedom School.



      
Specialty Areas



All the powers in the universe seem to favor the person who has confidence.



Get the Shout List Icons widget and many other great free widgets at Widgetbox!





More & Other Information - Resource Pages
Admiralty related itemsBelligerent Claimant
BondsAttention Signing the Constitution Away
Citizenship / nationality related itemsEducation
GraphicsHistory
Jerry KirkAware
JurisdictionLaw related items
Lewis MohrLuis Ewing
MoneyOath related items
Reading MaterialReading Room
StuffTax matters
Travel relatedTruth
 Video




NOTICE: The information on this page was brought to you by people who paid this website forward so that someone such as you might also profit by having access to it. If you care to do so also please feel encouraged to KEEP THIS SITE GOING by making a donation today. Thank you.






Freedom School is not affiliated with the links on this page - unless otherwise stated.This enterprise collectively is known and generaly presented as "Freedom-School.com" -  "we," "us" or "our" are other expressions of Freedom-School.com used throughout.
This is the fine print that so important. Freedom School and other information served is so for educational purposes only, no liability expressed or assumed for use.The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice.Freedom School does not consent to or condone unlawful action.Freedom School advocates and encourages one and all to adhere to, support and defend all Law which is particularly applicable.Information is intended for [those] men and women who are not "US CITIZENS" or "TAXPAYERS" - continued use, reference or citing indicates voluntary and informed compliance. Support is not offered.
Freedom School is a free speech site, non-commecial enterprise and operation as there is no charge for things presentedthis site relys on this memorandum and others in support of this philosophy and operation.The noteworthy failure of [the] government or any alleged agency thereof to at any time rebut anything appearing on this website constitutes a legal admission of the fidelity and accuracy of the materials presented, which are offered in good faith and prepared as such by Freedom School and any and all [third] parties affiliated or otherwise. THIS IS AN ELECTRONIC AGREEMENT AND IS A LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACT, EQUIVALENT TO A SIGNED, WRITTEN CONTRACT BETWEEN PARTIES - If the government, or anyone else, wants to assert that any of the religious and/or political statements appearing on this website are not factual or otherwise in error, then they as the moving party have the burden of proof, and they must responsively meet that burden of proof under the Administrative Procedures Act 5 U.S.C. §556(d) and under the due process clauses found in the Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Amendments to the national Constitution BEFORE there will be response to any summons, questions, or unsubstantiated and slanderous accusations. Attempts at calling presented claims "frivolous" without specifically rebutting the particular claim, or claims, deemed "frivolous" will be in deed be "frivolous" and prima facie evidence that shall be used accordingly. Hey guys, if anything on this site is found to be in error a good faith effort will be made to correct it in timely fashion upon notification. Freedom-School.com is not responsible for content of any linked website or material.In addition, users may not use Freedom-School.com to engage in, facilitate or further unlawful conduct; use the service in a way that harms us or anyone connected with or whose work is presented; damage, disable, overburden, or impair the service (or the network(s) connected to the site) or interfere with anyone's use and enjoyment of the website.
All claims to be settled on the land - Austin, Travis county Texas, united States of America, using Texas Common Law.All parts of this contract apply to the maximum extent permitted by law. A court may hold that we cannot enforce a part of this contract as written. If this happens, then you and we will replace that part with terms that most closely match the intent of the part that we cannot enforce. The rest of this contract will not change. This is the entire contract between you and us regarding your use of the service. It supersedes any prior contract or statements regarding your use of the Freedom-School.com site. If there exists some manner of thing missing we do not forfeit our right to that thing as we reserve all rights.
We may assign, or modify, alter, change this contract, in whole or in part, at any time with or without notice to you. You may not assign this contract, or any part of it, to any other person. Any attempt by you to do so is void. You may not transfer to anyone else, either temporarily or permanently, any rights to use the Freedom-School.com site or material contained within. 


Presentation CopyrightŠ 2007, 2016All Rights Reserved
H O M E







﻿




























6,050 Shares in B&G Foods, Inc. (NYSE:BGS) Acquired by Diversified Trust Co - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for B&G Foods Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor B&G Foods Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Benin Management CORP Reduces Position in Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH)
Benin Management CORP Sells 1,500 Shares of Square, Inc. (SQ)
Dunkin’ Brands Group, Inc. (DNKN) Position Lowered by Benin Management CORP
Appropriate Balance Financial Services Inc. Purchases 193 Shares of Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA)
Axel Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (NYSE:LYV)
Appropriate Balance Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in iShares S&P SmallCap 600 Index (IJR)
Utilities SPDR (XLU) Shares Sold by OLD Second National Bank of Aurora
Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. (NYSE:HST) Shares Sold by OLD Second National Bank of Aurora
E&G Advisors LP Raises Position in Vanguard FTSE Europe ETF (NYSE:VGK)
E&G Advisors LP Boosts Position in Blackrock Multi-Sector Income Trust (BIT)
Chesapeake Energy Corporation (NYSE:CHK) Shares Sold by Greylin Investment Mangement Inc.
BlackBerry Limited (BBRY) Position Raised by Greylin Investment Mangement Inc.
United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Shares Bought by Greylin Investment Mangement Inc.
Financial Contrast: Iteris (ITI) vs. KVH Industries (KVHI)
Immersion Corporation (IMMR) vs. TransAct Technologies (NASDAQ:TACT) Critical Survey
General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) Given New $38.00 Price Target at Royal Bank Of Canada
Plug Power’s (PLUG) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at FBR & Co
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Texas Roadhouse, Inc. (NASDAQ:TXRH) to Hold
Virtusa Corporation (VRTU) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at BidaskClub
Gladstone Commercial Corporation (GOOD) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at DA Davidson



 


6,050 Shares in B&G Foods, Inc. (NYSE:BGS) Acquired by Diversified Trust Co

					Posted by Anthony Sawyer on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Diversified Trust Co bought a new stake in  B&G Foods, Inc. (NYSE:BGS) during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm bought 6,050 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $215,000. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of  B&G Foods by 134,853.6% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 7,858,346 shares of the company’s stock valued at $316,296,000 after buying an additional 7,852,523 shares during the last quarter.  Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of  B&G Foods during the fourth quarter valued at $29,891,000.  FMR LLC raised its position in shares of  B&G Foods by 12.9% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 5,854,515 shares of the company’s stock valued at $235,645,000 after buying an additional 667,093 shares during the last quarter.  Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. raised its position in shares of  B&G Foods by 102.9% in the first quarter. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. now owns 784,300 shares of the company’s stock valued at $31,568,000 after buying an additional 397,850 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Edge Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of  B&G Foods by 14.4% in the first quarter. Edge Asset Management Inc. now owns 2,397,473 shares of the company’s stock valued at $96,499,000 after buying an additional 302,496 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own  88.16% of the company’s stock. 


 Get B&G Foods Inc. alerts:



Shares of B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS) remained flat at $37.25 during mid-day trading on Friday. 1,050,308 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a market capitalization of $2.48 billion, a PE ratio of 22.27 and a beta of 0.09. The company has a 50-day moving average of $37.04 and a 200 day moving average of $40.97. B&G Foods, Inc. has a one year low of $33.05 and a one year high of $52.84. 




B&G Foods (NYSE:BGS) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.58 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.54 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $417.90 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $413.35 million. B&G Foods had a net margin of 7.49% and a return on equity of 17.41%. The business’s revenue was up 18.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.65 EPS.  Equities research analysts forecast that  B&G Foods, Inc. will post $2.17 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 30th will be issued a $0.465 dividend. This represents a $1.86 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.99%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 28th. B&G Foods’s payout ratio is 111.38%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was  posted by Week Herald and is the sole property of of Week Herald. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/22/6050-shares-in-bg-foods-inc-nysebgs-acquired-by-diversified-trust-co.html. 
Several research analysts have weighed in on BGS shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of B&G Foods from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Credit Suisse Group AG lowered shares of B&G Foods from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the stock from $47.00 to $42.00 in a research report on Thursday, May 18th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $52.00 price target on shares of B&G Foods in a report on Thursday, April 20th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $45.50.
B&G Foods Company Profile
B&G Foods, Inc (B&G Foods) is a holding company. The Company manufactures, sells and distributes a portfolio of shelf-stable and frozen foods across the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. Its products include frozen and canned vegetables, hot cereals, fruit spreads, canned meats and beans, bagel chips, spices, seasonings, hot sauces, wine vinegar, maple syrup, molasses, salad dressings, pizza crusts, Mexican-style sauces, dry soups, taco shells and kits, salsas, pickles, peppers, tomato-based products, puffed corn and rice snacks, nut clusters and other specialty products.







Receive News & Ratings for B&G Foods Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for B&G Foods Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Benin Management CORP Reduces Position in Parker-Hannifin Corporation 





Benin Management CORP Sells 1,500 Shares of Square, Inc. 





Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.  Shares Sold by OLD Second National Bank of Aurora





Utilities SPDR  Shares Sold by OLD Second National Bank of Aurora





Appropriate Balance Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in iShares S&P SmallCap 600 Index 





Axel Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































﻿

























Diversified Trust Co Continues to Hold Stake in Avery Dennison Corporation (NYSE:AVY) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Avery Dennison Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Avery Dennison Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Premier Oil PLC (PMO) Insider Tony Durrant Purchases 226,868 Shares
Internationa Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. (IFF) Major Shareholder Winder Investment Pte Ltd Purchases 20,000 Shares
Simon Lowth Acquires 10,536 Shares of BT Group plc (BT.A) Stock
San Juan Basin Royalty Trust (NYSE:SJT) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.04
$0.76 Earnings Per Share Expected for Integer Holdings Co. (ITGR) This Quarter
$0.96 Earnings Per Share Expected for Magellan Health, Inc. (MGLN) This Quarter
Alpha Real Trust Ltd (LON:ARTL) to Issue Dividend of GBX 0.60
Ranger Direct Lending Fund PLC (LON:RDL) to Issue Dividend of GBX 26.93
Real Estate Credit Investments Ltd (LON:RECI) Plans Dividend Increase – GBX 3 Per Share
Franklin Limited Duration Income Trust of Beneficial Interest (FTF) Declares $0.11 Jun 17 Dividend
Analyzing Expedia (NASDAQ:EXPE) and China Lodging Group, Limited (HTHT)
Critical Comparison: Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. (BEP) & Brookfield Infrastructure Partners (NYSE:BIP)
Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras (PBR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $25.46 Billion
Zacks: Analysts Expect Gemphire Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:GEMP) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.80 Per Share
BMO Capital Markets () Given Average Recommendation of “” by Brokerages
Eclipse Resources Corporation (ECR) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Accern Reports
The Kraft Heinz (KHC) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows
First Trust Energy Infrastructure Fund (FIF) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.31
Analysts Set STMicroelectronics N.V. (STM) Price Target at $20.00
Analysts Set Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) Target Price at $45.60


 


Diversified Trust Co Continues to Hold Stake in Avery Dennison Corporation (NYSE:AVY)

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments 

Diversified Trust Co maintained its position in shares of Avery Dennison Corporation (NYSE:AVY) during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 62,414 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Avery Dennison Corporation accounts for approximately 0.4% of Diversified Trust Co’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 28th largest position. Diversified Trust Co owned about 0.07% of Avery Dennison Corporation worth $5,516,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Avery Dennison Corporation by 7.3% in the second quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC now owns 36,010 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $3,182,000 after buying an additional 2,454 shares during the last quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Avery Dennison Corporation by 4.1% in the second quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 5,728 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $506,000 after buying an additional 224 shares during the last quarter. Eqis Capital Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Avery Dennison Corporation by 14.8% in the second quarter. Eqis Capital Management Inc. now owns 6,418 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $567,000 after buying an additional 828 shares during the last quarter. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. raised its position in shares of Avery Dennison Corporation by 511.3% in the second quarter. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. now owns 14,507 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,282,000 after buying an additional 12,134 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. raised its position in shares of Avery Dennison Corporation by 0.9% in the second quarter. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 131,598 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $11,629,000 after buying an additional 1,206 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 87.37% of the company’s stock. 




Avery Dennison Corporation (NYSE:AVY) traded up 0.47% on Wednesday, reaching $93.84. The company had a trading volume of 135,728 shares. The stock has a market cap of $8.31 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.64 and a beta of 1.18. Avery Dennison Corporation has a one year low of $68.55 and a one year high of $94.31. The company has a 50-day moving average of $87.79 and a 200 day moving average of $81.60. 


 Get Avery Dennison Corporation alerts:



Avery Dennison Corporation (NYSE:AVY) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The industrial products company reported $1.11 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.04 by $0.07. The business had revenue of $1.57 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.53 billion. Avery Dennison Corporation had a return on equity of 38.48% and a net margin of 5.56%. Avery Dennison Corporation’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.94 EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that Avery Dennison Corporation will post $4.60 EPS for the current year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, June 21st. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, June 7th were given a $0.45 dividend. This represents a $1.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.93%. This is a positive change from Avery Dennison Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.41. The ex-dividend date was Monday, June 5th. Avery Dennison Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 47.37%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Diversified Trust Co Continues to Hold Stake in Avery Dennison Corporation (NYSE:AVY)” was originally published by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/19/diversified-trust-co-continues-to-hold-stake-in-avery-dennison-corporation-nyseavy.html. 
Several brokerages have recently commented on AVY. BidaskClub upgraded Avery Dennison Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, June 28th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Avery Dennison Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, June 22nd. Bank of America Corporation upgraded Avery Dennison Corporation from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $90.00 to $96.00 in a research report on Tuesday, June 20th. Finally, Aegis reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Avery Dennison Corporation in a research report on Thursday, June 1st. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, four have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $88.40.
In other Avery Dennison Corporation news, Director Anthony Anderson sold 950 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $84.42, for a total value of $80,199.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 7,492 shares in the company, valued at approximately $632,474.64. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, VP Deon Stander sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $84.50, for a total value of $422,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 10,998 shares in the company, valued at $929,331. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 12,198 shares of company stock worth $1,034,716 over the last quarter. Corporate insiders own 1.40% of the company’s stock. 
About Avery Dennison Corporation
Avery Dennison Corporation (Avery Dennison) is engaged in the production of pressure-sensitive materials and a range of tickets, tags, labels and other converted products. The Company’s segments include Label and Graphic Materials (LGM); Retail Branding and Information Solutions (RBIS), and Industrial and Healthcare Materials (IHM). 
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AVY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Avery Dennison Corporation (NYSE:AVY).

 
Receive News & Ratings for Avery Dennison Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Avery Dennison Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























Diversified Trust: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:34 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Diversified Trust



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Diversified Trust operates as a subsidiary of Diversified Trust Co.


,  Canada










Key Executives for Diversified Trust




Mr. John Seckman


      	President
      








 Robert Smithwick III


      	Managing Principal
      








Mr. James Hal Daughdrill III


      	Founder, Founding Partner, Managing Director and Director
      


Age: 61
        







Dr. Mark R. Bell


      	Managing Principal of Atlanta Office
      








Mr. Jeff Howard


      	Chief Operating Officer of Atlanta Office
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Diversified Trust Key Developments

Diversified Trust Presents at Fourth Annual Cayman Alternative Investment Summit, Feb-16-2017 10:50 AM
Feb 12 17
Diversified Trust Presents at Fourth Annual Cayman Alternative Investment Summit, Feb-16-2017 10:50 AM. Venue: Kimpton Seafire Resort + Spa, Cayman Islands. Speakers: Carol B. Womack, Principal Private Equity.


Diversified Trust Appoints Mark Bell as Managing Principal of Atlanta Office
Jun 30 16
Diversified Trust promoted Mark Bell to managing principal of the company's Atlanta office, where he will lead strategic business development and client services. As part of the management changes, Jeff Howard has been named the chief operating officer for the Atlanta office. Bell has extensive experience in alternative investments. Prior to joining Diversified Trust, he served as chief investment officer for BlueArc Capital Management, an alternative asset manager focused on family offices, where he remains a director. Bell began his career with McKinsey & Co. and subsequently was Director of Strategy at D.E. Shaw & Co, where he helped develop the organization's private equity investment strategy and launched the firm's reinsurance business. He later served as the executive vice chairman of the Brand Banking Company where he led a $200 million recapitalization of the bank.


Diversified Trust Appoints Mark Bell as Principal
Mar 21 16
Diversified Trust announced the hiring of Mark Bell as principal. Bell will be primarly responsible for servicing clients in the Atlanta office and will also contribute to new business development. Prior to joining Diversified Trust, Bell served as Chief Investment Officer for BlueArc Capital Management, where he remains a Director. Mark began his career with McKinsey & Co. and subsequently was Director of Strategy at D.E. Shaw & Co, where he helped develop the organization's private equity investment strategy and launched the firm's reinsurance business. He was subsequently Executive Vice Chairman of The Brand Banking Company where he led a $200 million recapitalization of the bank.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2251442 Ontario Inc. Americas 26 Broadway Capital Corp. Americas 4Front Capital Partners, Inc. Americas 888 Capital Group Americas A Nihmey & Associates Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Diversified Trust, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























﻿




























Diversified Trust Co Continues to Hold Position in CONMED Corporation (NASDAQ:CNMD) - StockNewsTimes














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for CONMED Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor CONMED Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @StockNewTimes









Recent Posts

Solera National Bancorp Inc. (SLRK) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results
Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings (AAWW) CEO Sells $286,500.00 in Stock
Richard N. Barton Sells 2,000 Shares of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) Stock
Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) Shares Sold by Hartford Investment Management Co.
Consumer Discretionary SPDR (NYSE:XLY) Shares Bought by Smith Salley & Associates
Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Stake Raised by Smith Salley & Associates
Magellan Midstream Partners L.P. (MMP) Shares Bought by MCF Advisors LLC
MCF Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Position in Republic Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:RBCAA)
Puzo Michael J Has $417,000 Position in Dover Corporation (DOV)
Puzo Michael J Has $1.62 Million Position in Xylem Inc. (NYSE:XYL)
Radian Group Inc. (RDN) Stake Maintained by MCF Advisors LLC
Puzo Michael J Has $219,000 Stake in ANSYS, Inc. (NASDAQ:ANSS)
P.A.W. Capital Corp Buys 5,000 Shares of HCA Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:HCA)
P.A.W. Capital Corp Has $1,498,000 Position in ChemoCentryx, Inc. (CCXI)
Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Valeant Pharmaceuticals International (VRX)
Graco Inc. to Post FY2017 Earnings of $4.50 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (NYSE:GGG)
Brokers Offer Predictions for Diana Shipping inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (DSX)
Facebook, Inc. (FB) PT Set at $205.00 by Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)
Somerville Kurt F Buys Shares of 2,500 Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (NYSE:FIS)
American Capital Senior Floating (NASDAQ:ACSF) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.08



 


Diversified Trust Co Continues to Hold Position in CONMED Corporation (NASDAQ:CNMD)

					Posted by Jesse Mackey on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 



Diversified Trust Co maintained its stake in  CONMED Corporation (NASDAQ:CNMD) during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 5,400 shares of the medical technology company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Diversified Trust Co’s holdings in CONMED Corporation were worth $275,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in  CONMED Corporation by 46,036.5% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 3,153,427 shares of the medical technology company’s stock valued at $140,043,000 after buying an additional 3,146,592 shares during the last quarter.  Victory Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in  CONMED Corporation by 12.9% in the first quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 2,150,886 shares of the medical technology company’s stock valued at $95,521,000 after buying an additional 245,246 shares during the last quarter.  Champlain Investment Partners LLC raised its stake in  CONMED Corporation by 16.4% in the first quarter. Champlain Investment Partners LLC now owns 1,728,445 shares of the medical technology company’s stock valued at $76,760,000 after buying an additional 243,610 shares during the last quarter.  Epoch Investment Partners Inc. purchased a new stake in  CONMED Corporation during the first quarter valued at approximately $9,447,000.  Finally, Norges Bank purchased a new stake in  CONMED Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $9,236,000. 99.77% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get CONMED Corporation alerts:



CONMED Corporation (CNMD) traded down 0.61% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $50.16. 25,743 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a market cap of $1.40 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 114.26 and a beta of 0.67. CONMED Corporation has a 12 month low of $37.60 and a 12 month high of $52.82. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $51.13 and its 200-day moving average is $46.69. 




CONMED Corporation (NASDAQ:CNMD) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The medical technology company reported $0.38 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.35 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $186.57 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $181.47 million. CONMED Corporation had a net margin of 1.61% and a return on equity of 8.69%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 3.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.42 earnings per share.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  CONMED Corporation will post $1.87 EPS for the current year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 15th were paid a dividend of $0.20 per share. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.59%. The ex-dividend date  was Tuesday, June 13th. CONMED Corporation’s payout ratio is 181.82%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Diversified Trust Co Continues to Hold Position in CONMED Corporation (NASDAQ:CNMD)” was  published by StockNewsTimes and is the sole property of of StockNewsTimes. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/21/diversified-trust-co-continues-to-hold-position-in-conmed-corporation-nasdaqcnmd.html. 
CNMD has been the topic of several analyst reports. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services lowered shares of CONMED Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their price target for the company from $50.00 to $48.00 in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of CONMED Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, June 27th. Needham & Company LLC lifted their price target on shares of CONMED Corporation from $48.00 to $54.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, BidaskClub lowered shares of CONMED Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, June 20th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued  a hold rating and one  has assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $48.33.
In related news, Director Dirk Kuyper sold 1,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, June 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $52.24, for a total transaction of $52,240.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 10,739 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $561,005.36. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, EVP Daniel Jonas sold 3,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $51.22, for a total transaction of $153,660.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 14,455 shares in the company, valued at approximately $740,385.10. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own  2.62% of the company’s stock. 
About CONMED Corporation
CONMED Corporation is a medical technology company. The Company is engaged in the development, manufacturing and sale on a global basis of surgical devices and related equipment. The Company provides surgical devices and equipment for minimally invasive procedures. The Company’s products are used by surgeons and physicians in a range of specialties, including orthopedics, general surgery, gynecology, neurosurgery and gastroenterology.







Receive News & Ratings for CONMED Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CONMED Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 














































Diversified Trust in Nashville, TN 37203 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Tennessee
» Nashville
» Banks
» Diversified Trust













Diversified Trust


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





3102 W End Ave Ste 600 Nashville, Tennessee 37203


Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Diversified Trust is located at the address 3102 W End Ave in Nashville, Tennessee 37203.  Diversified Trust has an annual sales volume of 2M – 4,999,999.  .For more information contact Tom  Curtis,  or  go to www.diversifiedtrust.comDiversified Trust provides Accident Coverage, Financial Management, Immediate Coverage to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Diversified Trust view the map to the right.  For reviews of Diversified Trust see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Personal Loans
, Refinancing
, Mutual Funds
, Checking Accounts
, Mortgages
, Certificates of Deposit
, Commercial Loans
, Savings Accounts
, Home Equity Loans
, Business Accounts



SERVICES


Financial Management
, Immediate Coverage
, Transfer Funds
, Debt Consolidation
, Commercial Services
, Insurance
, Online Services
, Direct Debit
, Travelers Checks
, Accident Coverage



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Website: www.diversifiedtrust.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: John C
Main Contact Last Name: Eason
Main Contact Title: Manager
Employee Size: 20 To 49
Exact Employee Count: 20
Exact Sales Volume: 350-0000
Sales Volume: 2M – 4,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Banks
Finance
Commercial Banking



People Also Viewed


Capstar Bank


201 4th Ave N Ste 950 Ste 950 Nashville, Tennessee 37219




BB&T


4400 Harding Pike 204 Ste Nashville, Tennessee 37205




U.S. Bank


8028B Highway 100  Nashville, Tennessee 37221




Suntrust Bank


3811 Hillsboro Pike  Nashville, Tennessee 37215




U.S. Bank


1125 Murfreesboro Rd  Nashville, Tennessee 37217




U.S. Bank


4045 Nolensville Rd  Nashville, Tennessee 37211





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Tom  Curtis

Phone: (615) 386-7302 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










 



Home Page - Diversified Trust

























































Diversified Trust










Trust is Valued Relationships







Trust is Experience







Trust is Reliable







Trust is Accessible







Trust is Confidential
















                    The Outsourced CIO                    






                    The Diversified Difference                    






                    Managing Complexity                    







Diversified Trust is an employee-owned comprehensive wealth management firm based in the Southeast with over $5 billion of client assets under management. Our clients include individuals, multi-generational families, family offices, foundations, endowments and retirement plans.



 
 


















 



Our History - Diversified Trust
























































Diversified Trust












Our History
The inception of Diversified Trust was inspired by a simple notion which has continued to be our guiding principle — long-term, value-added relationships drive everything.
Our company was founded by a group of successful investors with significant experience as fiduciaries.  Larry Bryan had enjoyed a successful career as CFO of a major health system with additional leadership roles in both non-profit and for-profit organizations.  During the early 1990s, Larry had a series of conversations about the wealth management and trust industry with Bill Spitz who served as Treasurer and Vice Chancellor for Investments at Vanderbilt University.  Bill’s career also included approximately ten years of Wall Street experience, and he had just published a book entitled, Get Rich Slowly, which had enjoyed national acclaim.
Larry and Bill agreed that something was missing in the South within the wealth management and trust industry.  Why is access to the best investment solutions and talent generally limited to multi-billion dollar endowments and pensions?  Why do many families with accumulated wealth so often receive one-size-fits-all wealth advisory and trust services?  Would it be possible to offer a tailored, comprehensive wealth management approach delivered by highly talented local professionals with diverse backgrounds?  The genesis of Diversified Trust was formed out of these conversations.  The decision was made to launch a trust company which would strive to address those concerns.  It would be service-oriented, not product or transaction-oriented.   A pledge to clients was written which remains intact today.  The mission was simple – to handle our clients’ financial affairs with the same care as we handle our own.
Bill and Larry invited a select group of others to form Diversified Trust, including Hal Daughdrill and Sam Graham.  Diversified Trust opened its doors in January, 1994 in Memphis and subsequently expanded with offices in Nashville, Atlanta, and Greensboro, North Carolina.  In 2004, the company became 100% employee-owned after surpassing the $1 billion client assets milestone the previous year.  An emphasis on broad employee ownership continues to foster a culture of dedicated, high quality service by owners and a focus on doing what is best for clients over the long term.
Since the company’s inception, Diversified Trust has grown primarily through word of mouth referrals and now has client assets under management in excess of $5 billion and more than 80 employees.  Today the company is among the largest independently owned, comprehensive wealth management companies in the country.  However, we do not measure our success by size, but rather by the results we deliver and the beneficial relationships we enjoy with our clients.

 
 

















 



Our History - Diversified Trust
























































Diversified Trust












Our History
The inception of Diversified Trust was inspired by a simple notion which has continued to be our guiding principle — long-term, value-added relationships drive everything.
Our company was founded by a group of successful investors with significant experience as fiduciaries.  Larry Bryan had enjoyed a successful career as CFO of a major health system with additional leadership roles in both non-profit and for-profit organizations.  During the early 1990s, Larry had a series of conversations about the wealth management and trust industry with Bill Spitz who served as Treasurer and Vice Chancellor for Investments at Vanderbilt University.  Bill’s career also included approximately ten years of Wall Street experience, and he had just published a book entitled, Get Rich Slowly, which had enjoyed national acclaim.
Larry and Bill agreed that something was missing in the South within the wealth management and trust industry.  Why is access to the best investment solutions and talent generally limited to multi-billion dollar endowments and pensions?  Why do many families with accumulated wealth so often receive one-size-fits-all wealth advisory and trust services?  Would it be possible to offer a tailored, comprehensive wealth management approach delivered by highly talented local professionals with diverse backgrounds?  The genesis of Diversified Trust was formed out of these conversations.  The decision was made to launch a trust company which would strive to address those concerns.  It would be service-oriented, not product or transaction-oriented.   A pledge to clients was written which remains intact today.  The mission was simple – to handle our clients’ financial affairs with the same care as we handle our own.
Bill and Larry invited a select group of others to form Diversified Trust, including Hal Daughdrill and Sam Graham.  Diversified Trust opened its doors in January, 1994 in Memphis and subsequently expanded with offices in Nashville, Atlanta, and Greensboro, North Carolina.  In 2004, the company became 100% employee-owned after surpassing the $1 billion client assets milestone the previous year.  An emphasis on broad employee ownership continues to foster a culture of dedicated, high quality service by owners and a focus on doing what is best for clients over the long term.
Since the company’s inception, Diversified Trust has grown primarily through word of mouth referrals and now has client assets under management in excess of $5 billion and more than 80 employees.  Today the company is among the largest independently owned, comprehensive wealth management companies in the country.  However, we do not measure our success by size, but rather by the results we deliver and the beneficial relationships we enjoy with our clients.

 
 

















 



In the News - Diversified Trust




















































Diversified Trust








 



In the News



                Thursday, June 8, 2017            

Diversified Trust Launches Private Equity VI LP


Read Article » 







                         Wednesday, May 24, 2017                     
Jim Ramsey Discusses the New Fiduciary Rule
Read Article » 






                         Monday, May 22, 2017                     
Robin Smithwick to Lead Memphis’ Green Space Moon Mission
Read Article » 






                         Thursday, April 13, 2017                     
Ten Tips to Educating Younger Generations on Preserving Family Wealth
Read Article » 






                         Thursday, April 13, 2017                     
Diversified Trust Recognized in Inside Memphis Business 2017 Power Players Issue
Read Article » 





1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
 » 

 

 

















 



Our Pledge - Diversified Trust




















































Diversified Trust












Our Pledge






We will maintain the highest standard of fiduciary responsibility to our clients and will strictly avoid conflicts of interest.
We will provide consistent, personalized service from seasoned professionals who are owners of the company.
We will be significant investors in our investment strategies, which will ensure that our incentives remain aligned with our clients’ objectives.
We will fully disclose our fees and will not impose any hidden or unexpected charges on our clients.
We will support the communities where we serve our clients by actively contributing our time and resources.
We will manage our clients’ assets as if they were our own.







 
 

















 



Corporate Team Archives - Diversified Trust


















































Diversified Trust










Corporate Team

              Sort by:
              
Title
Name






Samuel N. GrahamPresident & Chief Executive Officer





T. Lee GibsonPrincipal & Chief Financial Officer





Brook H. Lester, CPAPrincipal & Chief Wealth Strategist





Robert E.W. LinebergerGeneral Counsel/Senior Fiduciary Officer





Terry M. StanfordPrincipal & Chief Compliance Officer





Betsy M. WillsPrincipal & Director of Marketing & Branding





Douglas S. TurnerPrincipal & Director of Operations





Jennifer L. CallawaySenior Vice President - Trust Administration





Jason C. RichSenior Vice President - Technology





Jon C. WrightSenior Vice President - Accounting





Jay C. DavisVice President - Accounting





Lindsey M. GillVice President - Operations





Carolyn D. HicksVice President





Hale P. KelleherVice President - Operations





Andrew L. BrooksSenior Associate - Operations





Alan A. TorresSenior Associate - Technology





Brittany P. AlexanderAssociate - Operations





Joanna M. BurtAssociate - Operations





John D. ZarshenasAssociate - Accounting


 
 
















 



Board of Directors Archives - Diversified Trust


















































Diversified Trust










Board of Directors

              Sort by:
              
Title
Name






James R. Lientz, Jr.Chairman





Sue W. ColeDirector





Margaret Thomas CrosbyDirector





Larry H. BryanFounder & Director





William T. Spitz, CFAFounder & Director





J. Hal Daughdrill IIIFounder & Director





Samuel N. GrahamPresident & Chief Executive Officer


 
 



























DIVERSIFIED TRUST CO Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






DIVERSIFIED TRUST CO






6075 POPLAR AVENUE, MEMPHIS,  Tennessee, 38119-4717, (901) 761-7979


Report Date: 06/30/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
304


New Positions
37


Increased Positions
138


Decreased Positions
114


Positions with Activity
252


Sold Out Positions
7


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
1,226



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
3.43%


Basic Materials
1.02%


Industrials
2.92%


Consumer Cyclicals
1.37%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
7.58%


Financials
58.26%


Healthcare
2.1%


Technology
5.32%


Telecommunication Services
0.36%


Utilities
0.13%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






304 Positions as of 06/30/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



VANGUARD INTL EQUITY INDEX FD
ALLWRLD EX US
153,333
-111,993
(42.21)
2,970,992


ISHARES TR
EAFE VALUE ETF
114,318

New
2,160,204


SPDR S&P 500 ETF TR
TR UNIT
86,400
1,658
1.96
349,514


VANGUARD INDEX FDS
S&P 500 ETF SHS
85,468
12,918
17.81
376,463


ISHARES TR
USA QUALITY FCTR
57,589
1,039
1.84
760,956


ISHARES TR
USA VALUE FACTOR
56,864
1,281
2.31
758,090


VANGUARD SPECIALIZED PORTFOLIO
DIV APP ETF
50,752
-52,766
(50.97)
545,724


ISHARES TR
USA MOMENTUM FCT
49,498

New
539,487


UBS AG JERSEY BRH
ALERIAN INFRST
46,807
832
1.81
1,768,984


COCA COLA BOTTLING CO CONS
COM
41,956
-673
(1.58)
171,921


COCA COLA CO
COM
27,621
-1,061
(3.7)
598,903


VANGUARD INTL EQUITY INDEX FD
FTSE EMR MKT ETF
27,107
24,979
1,174.19
633,627


ISHARES TR
CORE S&P SCP ETF
24,264
2,233
10.14
341,223


ISHARES TR
CORE S&P MCP ETF
23,689
1,024
4.52
134,134


VANGUARD INDEX FDS
EXTEND MKT ETF
23,432
3,382
16.87
225,544


FEDEX CORP
COM
13,328
-334
(2.44)
64,218


ISHARES TR
RUSSELL 2000 ETF
12,154
248
2.08
85,388


PINNACLE FINL PARTNERS INC
COM
9,031

New
139,797


ISHARES TR
MSCI EAFE ETF
8,983
491
5.78
134,630


ISHARES TR
CORE US AGGBD ET
8,613
-680
(7.32)
78,674




<< first< previous1234510121416next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            The UPS Foundation To Award More Than $7.7 Million To Promote Global Diversity & Inclusion
                        



	                     9:30AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Kamada Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Ordinary Shares
                        



	                     9:27AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. Announces Extraordinary General Meeting Results
                        



	                     9:25AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            World Health Energy Holdings, Inc. Announces That it has developed an online instant App Builder
                        



	                     9:21AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            AbbVie's profit beats on Humira, Imbruvica demand
                        



	                     9:11AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































