






Home












    













Email
Call

Live Chat

DIVERSIFIEDREAL ESTATE
CAPITAL GAINSCALCULATOR
INVESTMENTOPTIONS
BLOG
1031EXCHANGES 
CONTACT US
ABOUT US














866.261.0104
eMail

Chat





















DIVERSIFIEDREAL ESTATE
CAPITAL GAINSCALCULATOR
INVESTMENTOPTIONS
BLOG
CONTACT US
ABOUT US 
1031EXCHANGES






































Download an Exclusive List of Properties on the MLS
​DOWNLOAD HERE




Download a Whitepaper:
What you must know about a 1031 exchange…is it in your best interest?
​DOWNLOAD HERE




What is a 1031 exchange?
Own an investment property?
At DIS we specialize in providing value-added investment solutions to real estate investors utilizing a 1031 exchange.
​Learn More…




At DIS we specialize in providing value-added investment solutions to real estate investors utilizing a 1031 exchange.
​Learn More…




Is property ownership possible without the headaches?
​Learn More…







 






 






DIVERSIFIED INVESTMENT STRATEGIES
Welcome to DIVERSIFIED INVESTMENT STRATEGIES (DIS) where you will find professional analysis backed by years of experience to ensure that your next investment is driven by an informed decision.
Our expertise in handling 1031 Exchanges and investment solutions such as Delaware Statutory Trusts (DST’s), Triple Net (NNN), 721 UP-REIT Exchanges, Oil & Gas Royalties and other investment choices will give you options and enable you to make an educated decision – one that is right for your unique situation.


















The Basics of a 1031  Exchange


Top 10 Benefits of a 1031 Exchange


1031 Investment Options


Time to re-investyour equity?





A 1031 Exchange preserves the value of your investment, and offers deferred Capital Gains and recaptured depreciation taxes, until the replacement property is sold with a completed 1031 Exchange.




Include greater investment potential, earning potential and diversification, positive compounding, pricing flexibility, trade and consolidation options and, an estate planning and tax tool.




A 1031 Exchange offers many investment options – some may not be familiar to you; Giving you options is what we do best at DIS.




Free consultation by our team of Realtors® & Investment advisors













Triple Net (NNN)





SAMPLE PROPERTIES










Medical/Office








Multi-Family










Oil & Gas






















JOIN OUR MAILING LIST



Securities products involving TIC’s and/or DST’s are for accredited investors only (a net worth of greater than 1 million dollars – exclusive of primary residence). Securities products are offered through Concorde Investment Services, LLC, member FINRA/SIPC. Office of supervisory jurisdiction: 19500 Victor Parkway, Suite 550 Livonia, MI 48152. Diversified Investment Strategies and Diversified Real Estate Advisors are independent of Concorde Investment Services, LLC, all of whom are unaffiliated with third-party sites, cannot verify the accuracy of, nor assume responsibility for any content of linked third-party sites. All information provided along with third party sites is for educational purposes only. The material contained herein does not constitute an offer to sell and is not an offer to buy real estate or securities. Such offers are made only by a sponsor’s memorandum, which is always controlling and available to accredited investors only. There are material risks associated with the ownership of real estate, including but not limited to, tenant vacancies, loss of entire principal amount invested, and that potential cash flows, returns, and appreciation are not guaranteed. Past pricing structures may not be indicative of future pricing and may not result in positive returns. Diversified Investment Strategies and Diversified Real Estate Advisors are unaffiliated entities with Concorde Investment Services, LLC. This material is not to be interpreted as tax or legal advice. Past performance and diversification do not guarantee future positive results.  |  Privacy Policy














CONTACT INFO
 
866.261.0104
32565 B Golden Lantern, Suite# 245
Dana Point, CA 92629
info@diversified1031.com




















COPYRIGHT © DIVERSIFIED INVESTMENT STRATEGIES, 2014-15. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.






First Name


Email


Submitting Form...


The server encountered an error.


Form received.


Submit


Phone Number


Last Name














Contact Us


Opening Secure Form...
If pop-up is blocked click here.
Back
Home

 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Guide to Diversification - Fidelity





















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 















            The pros' guide to diversification
        
Give your investment plan a checkup to keep it on track.


Fidelity Viewpoints


                
                –
                
                02/28/2017 
            







Bonds










Investing Strategies




Bonds




Exchange-Traded Funds




Mutual Funds




Stocks










Investing Strategies



Bonds


Exchange-Traded Funds


Mutual Funds


Stocks








Investing Strategies


Bonds


Exchange-Traded Funds


Mutual Funds


Stocks








Investing Strategies


Bonds


Exchange-Traded Funds


Mutual Funds


Stocks








Investing Strategies


Bonds


Exchange-Traded Funds


Mutual Funds


Stocks
































There are two moments when checking on the value of your investments may be almost irresistible: when your balance is soaring—and when it is tanking. But that’s just when emotions have a nasty way of clouding the minds of even the most seasoned investors.





It is better to give your portfolio a regular checkup. At the very least, you should check your asset allocation, once a year, or any time your financial circumstances change significantly—for instance, if you lose your job or get a big bonus. Your checkup is a good time to determine if you need to rebalance your asset mix or reconsider some of your specific investments.
We believe that setting and maintaining your strategic asset allocation are among the most important ingredients in your long-term investment success. No matter what your age or goals, we believe this means being diversified both among and within different types of stocks, bonds, and other investments.

            Why diversify
        
The goal of diversification is not necessarily to boost performance—it won’t ensure gains or guarantee against losses. But once you choose to target a level of risk based on your goals, time horizon, and tolerance for volatility, diversification may provide the potential to improve returns for that level of risk.
To build a diversified portfolio, you should look for assets—stocks, bonds, cash, or others—whose returns haven’t historically moved in the same direction, and to the same degree, and, ideally, assets whose returns typically move in opposite directions. This way, even if a portion of your portfolio is declining, the rest of your portfolio, hopefully, is growing. Thus, you can potentially offset some of the impact of a poorly performing asset class on your overall portfolio.
Another important aspect of building a well-diversified portfolio is that you try to stay diversified within each type of investment.
Within your individual stock holdings, beware of overconcentration in a single stock. For example, you may not want one stock to make up more than 5% of your stock portfolio. Fidelity also believes it’s smart to diversify across stocks by market capitalization (small, mid, and large caps), sectors, and geography. Again, not all caps, sectors, and regions have prospered at the same time, or to the same degree, so you may be able to reduce portfolio risk by spreading your assets across different parts of the stock market. You may want to consider a mix of styles, too, such as growth and value.
Similarly, when it comes to your bond investments, consider varying maturities, credit qualities and durations, which measure sensitivity to interest-rate changes.

            Diversification has proven its long-term value
        
During the 2008–2009 bear market, many different types of investments lost value to some degree at the same time. While it may have felt as though diversification failed during the downturn, it didn’t. The major asset classes were more highly correlated, but diversification still helped contain portfolio losses.
Consider the performance of three hypothetical portfolios: a diversified portfolio of 70% stocks, 25% bonds, and 5% short-term investments; a 100% stock portfolio; and an all-cash portfolio.


Diversification helped limit losses and capture gains during the 2008 financial crisis






 Source: Strategic Advisers, Inc. Hypothetical value of assets held in untaxed accounts of $100,000 in an all cash portfolio; a diversified growth portfolio of 49% U.S. stocks, 21% international stocks, 25% bonds, and 5% short-term investments; and all stock-portfolio of 70% U.S. stocks and 30% international stocks. This chart’s hypothetical illustration uses historical monthly performance from January 2008 through February 2014 from Morningstar/Ibbotson Associates; stocks are represented by the S&P 500 and MSCI EAFE Indexes, bonds are represented by the Barclays U.S. Intermediate Government Treasury Bond Index, and short-term investments are represented by U.S. 30-day T-bills. Chart is for illustrative purposes only and is not indicative of any investment. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.




By the end of February 2009, both the all-stock and the diversified portfolios would have declined. The all-stock portfolio would have lost nearly half of its initial value (–49.7%); however, the diversified portfolio would have lost a bit more than a third (35%). Yes, the diversified portfolio would have declined, but diversification would have helped reduce losses compared with the all-stock portfolio. The all-cash portfolio (1.6%) would have outperformed the all-stock and diversified portfolios over this 14-month period.


Investors have averaged lower returns than some market indexes
January, 1996 – December, 2015






 Source: Quantitative Analysis of Investor Behavior (QAIB) 2015, DALBAR Inc. www.dalbar.com. Average equity fund investor and average bond fund investor performances were  from the DALBAR study, QAIB 2015. See the footnote "DALBAR study" below for important information.





Watching the value of a stock or diversified portfolio fall that much is just the kind of situation that can stir an investor’s emotions—and sometimes lead to short-term decision making, including dumping your stock holdings. Indeed, keeping your money in cash might have seemed like a good idea in February 2009. But look at what happened as market started to come back.
Five years after the bottom, our hypothetical all-stock portfolio would have risen by 162.3%, the diversified portfolio by 99.7%, and the all-cash portfolio by 0.3%. The all-stock portfolio got the biggest lift during the market’s upswing. This is a good example of how such portfolios can behave when the market is in an upward trend—the diversified portfolio may gain less than the all-stock portfolio and more than the all-cash portfolio.
Now let’s look at what happened over a longer cycle. From January 2008 through February 2014, the diversified portfolio was up 29.9 %, while the all-stock portfolio was up 31.8%. This is what diversification is about. It will not maximize gains in rising markets, but it captured most of the gains while delivering less volatility than just investing in stocks.

            The high price of bad timing
        
Why is it so important to have a risk level you can live with? As the example above illustrates, the value of a diversified portfolio usually plays out over time. Unfortunately, many investors struggle to realize the benefits of their investment strategy because in buoyant markets, people tend to chase performance and purchase higher-risk investments. In a market downturn, investors tend to flock to lower-risk investment options, which can lead to missed opportunities during ensuing market recoveries. The degree of underperformance by individual investors has often been the worst during bear markets. Studies have consistently shown that the returns achieved by the average stock or bond fund investor have lagged, often by a large margin, the reported returns of the average stock or bond index.
The data from DALBAR (see chart right) shows that fund investors trail the market significantly. This means the decisions investors make about diversification within and across asset classes and trying to time when to get into or out of the market, as well as about fees or underperforming funds, cause them to generate far lower returns than the overall market.
“Being disciplined as an investor isn’t always easy, but over time it has demonstrated the ability to generate wealth, while market timing has proven to be a costly exercise for many investors,” observes an executive vice president at Fidelity Investments. “Having a plan that includes appropriate asset allocation and regular rebalancing can help investors overcome this challenge.”

            Building a diversified portfolio
        
To start, you need to make sure your asset mix (e.g., stocks, bonds, and short-term investments) is aligned to your investment time frame, financial needs, and comfort with volatility. The sample asset mixes below combine various amounts of stock, bond, and short-term investments to illustrate different levels of risk and return potential.


Choose the amount of stocks you are comfortable with






 Data source: Morningstar Inc., 2016 (1926–2015). Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Returns include the reinvestment of dividends and other earnings. This chart is for illustrative purposes only and does not represent actual or implied performance of any investment option. See footnote two below for detailed information.


The purpose of the target asset mixes is to show how target asset mixes may be created with different risk and return characteristics to help meet a participant's goals. You should choose your own investments based on your particular objectives and situation. Remember, you may change how your account is invested. Be sure to review your decisions periodically to make sure they are still consistent with your goals. 
                                       
                                    




            Diversification is not a one-time task.
        
Once you have a target mix, you need to keep it on track with periodic checkups and rebalancing. If you don’t rebalance, a good run in stocks could leave your portfolio with a risk level that is inconsistent with your goal and strategy.


How an investment mix can change over time






 This chart's hypothetical illustration uses historical monthly performance from January 1996 through December 2015 from Morningstar/Ibbotson Associates; stocks are represented by the S&P 500 and MSCI EAFE Indexes, bonds are represented by Barclays U.S. Intermediate Government Treasury Bond Index, and short-term investments are represented by U.S. 30-day T-bills. Chart is for illustrative purposes only and is not indicative of any investment. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.




What if you don’t rebalance? Let’s look at a hypothetical portfolio over a historical 20-year period to illustrate how changing markets, such as last year’s large rise in the S&P 500, can have an impact on an investment mix—and, in turn, on the amount of risk in a portfolio.
Consider a hypothetical growth portfolio with 70% in stocks (49% U.S. and 21% foreign), 25% bonds, and 5% short-term investments, in January 1996. Two decades later at the end of December 2015, the investment mix has changed dramatically—to 80% in stocks (65% U.S. and 15% foreign), 18% in bonds, and 2% short term (see the chart right).
The resulting increased weight in Stocks (both domestic and foreign) meant the portfolio now had more potential risk. Why? Because while past performance does not guarantee future results, stocks have historically had larger price swings than bonds or cash. This means that when a portfolio skews toward stocks, the portfolio has the potential for bigger ups and downs.1 In fact, as the chart below shows, the portfolio’s risk level as of December 2015 was nearly 13% greater than that of the target mix due to changes in the asset allocation associated with the relative returns to stocks, bonds, and cash. The standard deviation (e.g., risk) was 13.7% for the rebalanced portfolio and 15.5% for the buy and hold portfolio. (Portfolio risk is measured by the annualized standard deviation of monthly returns, which shows the variability of a portfolio’s returns.)2
Let’s take a closer look at the risk levels of the hypothetical portfolio over time. The chart below shows the hypothetical portfolio’s risk for two scenarios: if the investment mix were rebalanced back to the target every year, and if no rebalancing ever took place—in other words, a buy and hold strategy. As you can see, the risk of the buy-and-hold portfolio varied more widely than that of the rebalanced portfolio. On average, during this time period, the buy-and-hold portfolio experienced higher risk (annualized portfolio volatility).
Rebalancing is not just a risk-reducing exercise. The goal is to reset your asset mix to bring it back to the expected and appropriate risk level for you. Sometimes that means reducing risk by increasing the portion of a portfolio in more conservative options, but sometimes it means adding more risk to get back to your target mix. That could mean increasing investments in riskier asset classes such as stocks. Investing is an ongoing process. You need to create a plan, choose appropriate investments, and then conduct regular checkups to keep your portfolio on track. Here are the three steps to do just that:

            1. Know your target investment mix
        
If you haven’t already done so, choose a mix of stocks, bonds, and short-term investments that you consider appropriate for your investing goals. Take into account your financial situation, tolerance for volatility, and when you will need the money you are investing.


Not rebalancing led to more risk over time
(January 1996-December 2015)






 Chart is for illustrative purposes only. The chart depicts observed historical risk based on the performance of broad diversified indexes named in the chart “How an investment mix can change over time.” A portfolio that is not diversified within asset classes may experience different levels of risk. 
                                       
                                    



Stocks have historically had higher potential for growth, and longer time periods can help to smooth out volatility.
On the other hand, if you’ll need the money in just a few years—or if the thought of potentially losing money makes you too nervous—consider a higher allocation to generally less volatile investments such as bonds and short-term investments. By doing this, of course, you’d be trading the potential of higher returns for the potential of lower volatility.

            2. Review your portfolio regularly
        
We suggest you—on your own or in partnership with an investment professional—monitor your asset mix at least annually, or whenever your financial circumstances change, and rebalance your portfolio to correct for significant drift away from the mix you choose. As a guideline, you may want to consider rebalancing if your stock allocation moves away from your target by more than 10 percentage points.

            3. Rebalancing when needed
        
There are a variety of ways to rebalance your portfolio. One is to sell those asset classes you currently have too much of and reinvest the proceeds in those that fall short of your target. But selling securities in taxable accounts generally has tax consequences in the year of a sale, so be sure to consider taxes when making any decisions to sell. A way to rebalance without immediate tax consequences is to invest any new money you have (savings contributions, bonus, etc.), either gradually or all at once, in investments in asset classes that currently fall below your target.
Regardless of which approach you take, one important aspect of rebalancing is that you do it in a way that also keeps your portfolio diversified within each type of investment.
Achieving your long-term goals requires balancing risk and reward. Choosing the right mix of investments and then periodically rebalancing and monitoring your choices can make a big difference in your outcome.

            Learn more
        

Get a holistic view of your retirement plan with our Planning & Guidance Center, and explore changes that may help you become better prepared.
Research professional management of your portfolio with Fidelity Portfolio Advisory Service.®3
Consider a single-fund strategy such as Fidelity Freedom®
Funds4 or Fidelity Asset Manager® Funds.
Consider a variable annuity that provides you with guaranteed lifetime income.5
Call a Fidelity Investment Professional at 800-343-3548 to discuss your goals and objectives and help determine the right investment mix for you.



























Before investing, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the fund or annuity and its investment options. Call or write to Fidelity or visit Fidelity.com for a free prospectus and, if available, summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



This information is intended to be educational and is not tailored to the investment needs of any specific investor.



Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.


               Investing in a variable annuity involves risk of loss—investment returns and contract value are not guaranteed and will fluctuate.
              


               Stock markets, especially foreign markets, are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments.
              


In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible.



               Indexes are unmanaged and you cannot invest directly in an index.
              


               The S&P 500 Index is a market capitalization–weighted index of 500 common stocks chosen for market size, liquidity, and industry group representation to represent U.S. equity performance.
              


               The Dow Jones Wilshire 5000 is a market capitalization–weighted index of approximately 7,000 stocks.
              


               The Barclays Global Aggregate Bond Index is an unmanaged market value–weighted index representing securities that are SEC registered, taxable, and dollar denominated.
              


               The Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index is a market value–weighted index of investment-grade fixed-rate debt issues, including government, corporate, asset-backed, and mortgage-backed securities, with maturities of one year or more.
              


               The MSCI® EAFE® (Europe, Australasia, Far East) Index is a market capitalization–weighted index that is designed to measure the investable equity market performance for global investors in developed markets, excluding the U.S. and Canada.
              


               The MSCI Emerging Markets Index is a free-float-adjusted market-capitalization index that is designed to measure equity market performance in the emerging-market countries.
              


               The FTSE NAREIT Equity-Only Index is an unmanaged, market value–weighted index based on the last closing price of the month for tax-qualified REITs listed on the NYSE.
              


               The Dow Jones AIG Commodity Index is a rolling commodities index composed of futures contracts on 19 physical commodities traded on U.S. exchanges. The index serves as a liquid and diversified benchmark for the commodities asset class.
              


               The Ibbotson U.S. Intermediate-Term Government Bond Index is a custom index designed to measure the performance of intermediate-term U.S. government bonds.
              


               The Barclays U.S. Intermediate Government Bond Index is a market value–weighted index of U.S. government fixed-rate debt issues with maturities between one and 10 years.
              


               The Ibbotson Associates SBBI 30 Day T-Bill Total Return Index is an index that reflects U.S. Treasury bill returns. Data from the Wall Street Journal are used for 1977–present; the CRSP U.S. Government Bond File is the source from 1926 to 1976. Each month a one-bill portfolio containing the shortest-term bill having not less than one month to maturity is constructed.
              


               Fidelity does not provide legal or tax advice. The information herein is general and educational in nature and should not be considered legal or tax advice. Tax laws and regulations are complex and subject to change, which can materially impact investment results. Fidelity cannot guarantee that the information herein is accurate, complete, or timely. Fidelity makes no warranties with regard to such information or results obtained by its use, and disclaims any liability arising out of your use of, or any tax position taken in reliance on, such information. Consult an attorney or tax professional regarding your specific situation.



               1. Historical returns for the various asset classes are based on performance numbers provided by Ibbotson Associates in the Stocks, Bonds, and Inflation (SBBI) 2001 Yearbook (annual update work by Roger G. Ibbotson and Rex A. Sinquefield). Domestic stocks are represented by the S&P 500® Index, bonds are represented by U.S. intermediate-term government bonds, and short-term assets are based on the 30-day U.S. Treasury bill. Foreign equities are represented by the Morgan Stanley Capital International Europe, Australasia, Far East Index for the period from 1970 to the last calendar year. Foreign equities prior to 1970 are represented by the S&P 500® Index.
              


               2. Source: Strategic Advisers. Portfolio risk is measured using standard deviation, which is a statistical measure of how much a return varies over an extended period of time. The more variable the returns, the larger the standard deviation. Investors may examine historical standard deviation in conjunction with historical returns to decide whether an investment’s volatility would have been acceptable given the returns it would have produced. A higher standard deviation indicates a wider dispersion of past returns and thus greater historical volatility. Standard deviation does not indicate how an investment actually performed, but it does indicate the volatility of its returns over time. Standard deviation is annualized. The returns used for this calculation are not load adjusted.
              


               3. Fidelity Portfolio Advisory Service® is a service of Strategic Advisers, Inc., a registered investment adviser and a Fidelity Investments company. This service provides discretionary money management for a fee.
              


               4. Fidelity Freedom Funds are designed for investors expecting to retire around the year indicated in each fund’s name. Except for the Freedom Income Fund, each fund’s asset allocation strategy becomes increasingly conservative as the fund approaches the target rate and beyond. Ultimately, the funds are expected to merge with the Freedom Income Fund. The investment risk of each Fidelity Freedom Fund changes over time as the fund’s asset allocation changes. The funds are subject to the volatility of the financial markets, including that of equity and fixed income investments in the U.S. and abroad, and may be subject to risks associated with investing in high-yield, small-cap, commodity-linked, and foreign securities. Principal invested is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the funds’ target dates.
              


5. Guarantees subject to the claims-paying ability of the issuing insurance company.


               DALBAR study: DALBAR is an independent, Boston-based financial research firm. Using monthly fund data supplied by the Investment Company Institute, QAIB calculates investor returns as the change in assets after excluding sales, redemptions and exchanges. This method of calculation captures realized and unrealized capital gains, dividends, interest, trading costs, sales charges, fees, expenses and any other costs. After calculating investor returns in dollar terms, two percentages are calculated for the period examined: Total investor return rate and annualized investor return rate. Total return rate is determined by calculating the investor return dollars as a percentage of the net of the sales, redemptions, and exchanges for the period.


Equity performance is represented by the Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index, an unmanaged index of 500 common stocks generally representative of the U.S. stock market. S&P 500® and S&P are registered service marks of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and are licensed for use by Fidelity Distributors Corporation and its affiliates. Fixed income performance is represented by the Barclays Capital Aggregate Index. The Barclays Capital Aggregate Index is an unmanaged market value–weighted index representing securities that are SEC registered, taxable, and dollar denominated. This index covers the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market, with index components for a combination of the Barclays Capital government and corporate securities, mortgage-backed pass-through securities, and asset-backed securities. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Performance of an index is not illustrative of any particular investment. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.
              


               
              
	            
	               Votes are submitted voluntarily by individuals and reflect their own opinion of the article's helpfulness. A percentage value for helpfulness will display once a sufficient number of votes have been submitted.
      	    
	  


Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, Member NYSE, SIPC, 900 Salem Street, Smithfield, RI 02917


               586549.24.0
              







close






 Send to (Separate multiple e-mail addresses with commas) 


Please enter a valid e-mail address



 Your E-Mail Address 


Please enter a valid e-mail address



 Message (Optional) 
  

 


 Important legal information about the e-mail you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real e-mail address and only send it to people you know.										It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an e-mail.										All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the e-mail on your behalf.The subject line of the e-mail you send will be "Fidelity.com: " 



Your e-mail has been sent.








close





Your e-mail has been sent.













Open a Brokerage Account







Sign up for Fidelity Viewpoints®
Get a weekly subscription of our experts' current thinking on the financial markets, investing trends, and personal finance. 



Full Name






															Please enter a valid name. e.g. John Doe.
														

																	First and Last name are required.
																

																	Full name should not exceed 75 characters.
																

																	Please enter a valid name. e.g. John Doe.
																






Email






															Enter a valid email address. e.g. name@fidelity.com.
														

																	Email is required.
																

																	Email address must be 5 characters at minimum.
																

																	Email address can not exceed 100 characters.
																

																	Please enter a valid email address. e.g. name@fidelity.com.
																






Subscribe








																	Thank you for subscribing.
																

																	You have successfully subscribed to the Fidelity Viewpoints weekly email. You should begin receiving the email in 7–10 business days.
																

																	We were unable to process your request.
																

																	Please Click Here to go to Viewpoints signup page.
																




































Related Articles




									
								
									Time to look at CDs? 


Don't ignore your cash holdings—you might be missing opportunities.




									
								
									Too concentrated? 


Owning too much of one investment, like your company stock, can be a risky move.




									
								
									Portfolio checkup 


A step-by-step guide to evaluating your investments and performance.




									
								
									The risk of the rally 


Beware of complacency: Rising stocks could add risk to your portfolio.


View all Investing Strategies articles





















Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.





















 

﻿






























ABB Ltd (ABB) Shares Gap Down  Following Weak Earnings - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for ABB Ltd

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor ABB Ltd with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC Has $6,027,000 Position in United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS)
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (NYSE:TMO) Shares Sold by Thomas White International Ltd.
E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) Stake Raised by Tiedemann Wealth Management LLC
$0.29 EPS Expected for Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida (NASDAQ:SBCF) This Quarter
Mediclinic International PLC (LON:MDC) Rating Reiterated by Citigroup Inc.
J P Morgan Chase & Co Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for G4S plc (LON:GFS)
M.P. Evans Group PLC (LON:MPE) Receives “Buy” Rating from FinnCap
Macquarie Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) a €150.00 Price Target
FY2017 EPS Estimates for Discover Financial Services Reduced by Analyst (DFS)
Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €16.50 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts
Cedar Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:CDR) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
John C. Malone Purchases 223,186 Shares of Liberty Global PLC (NASDAQ:LBTYA) Stock
Liontrust Asset Management PLC (LON:LIO) Insider Adrian John Reginald Collins Sells 21,988 Shares
Cypress Funds LLC Takes Position in Microchip Technology Incorporated (NASDAQ:MCHP)
Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. (NASDAQ:APEN) CEO Buys $749,996.50 in Stock
AAR Corp. (NYSE:AIR) VP Robert J. Regan Sells 28,640 Shares
Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) Position Increased by Boston Advisors LLC
Lincoln Capital Corp Takes Position in Kroger Company (The) (KR)
OLD Second National Bank of Aurora Sells 213 Shares of Fiserv, Inc. (NASDAQ:FISV)
Capital Management Associates NY Has $494,000 Position in Quanta Services, Inc. (PWR)







ABB Ltd (ABB) Shares Gap Down  Following Weak Earnings


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments




ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB) shares gapped down prior to trading on Thursday following a dissappointing earnings announcement. The stock had previously closed at $25.92, but opened at $25.09. ABB shares last traded at $24.39, with a volume of 3,707,648 shares traded. 
The industrial products company reported $0.30 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.33 by $0.03. ABB had a return on equity of 18.92% and a net margin of 6.47%. The business had revenue of $8.45 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.55 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.35 earnings per share. ABB’s quarterly revenue was down 2.6% compared to the same quarter last year. 


 Get ABB Ltd alerts:



Several equities research analysts recently commented on the company. UBS AG downgraded ABB from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded ABB from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $28.00 price objective for the company in a report on Monday, June 12th. Robert W. Baird  reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $28.00 price objective (up from $27.00) on shares of ABB in a report on Friday, June 16th. Citigroup Inc.  reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of ABB in a report on Friday, June 9th. Finally, BNP Paribas downgraded ABB from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 23rd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued  a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $24.25.





Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in ABB. Ledyard National Bank boosted its stake in shares of  ABB by 3.6% in the second quarter. Ledyard National Bank now owns 4,350 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $108,000 after buying an additional 150 shares in the last quarter.  Quantbot Technologies LP purchased a new stake in shares of  ABB during the first quarter valued at $206,000.  Atria Investments LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  ABB during the first quarter valued at $221,000.  Pennsylvania Trust Co purchased a new stake in shares of  ABB during the second quarter valued at $222,000.  Finally, ZWJ Investment Counsel Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  ABB during the first quarter valued at $234,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  3.62% of the company’s stock. 
The firm has a 50 day moving average of $25.16 and a 200 day moving average of $23.81. The stock has a market cap of $52.29 billion, a PE ratio of 24.71 and a beta of 1.08. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/20/abb-ltd-abb-shares-gap-down-following-weak-earnings.html. 
About ABB
ABB Ltd (ABB) is a holding company. The Company’s segments include Electrification Products, Robotics and Motion, Industrial Automation, Power Grids, and Corporate and Other. It operates through four divisions: Electrification Products, Robotics and Motion, Industrial Automation and Power Grids. It is engaged in serving customers in utilities, industry and transport and infrastructure.





Receive News & Ratings for ABB Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ABB Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Diversified Income Strategy | PIMCO



























































PIMCO 







































Log in to PIMCO.comorRegister
Access my Account



Saved Content 





















Saved Content
You have not saved any content. None of the information on this page is directed at any investor or category of investors.







Delete
Share














Manage Subscriptions





Back


Your Email Address






Recipient Email Address






Optional Message







Send Email



You are sharing 0 items:








My Profile

Order Materials
Manage Subscriptions

Morningstar Hypo Tool









Home >
        
             Diversified Income Strategy
            





Strategies

Diversified Income Strategy



































Share



Add



Download



Print







What is Diversified Income?
Diversified Income is a multi-sector strategy that invests across a broad spectrum of credit market sectors including global corporate credit both investment grade and high yield, and emerging market debt. The allocation among each of these markets will vary based on PIMCO’s assessment of global trends and relative valuations. This active and dynamic approach allows for increased responsiveness in asset allocation to changing economic and market conditions while remaining anchored by PIMCO’s investment process and longer-term orientation. The ability to invest globally helps to improve diversification and may allow investors to benefit from differences in business cycles across regions and credit quality trends across credit sectors.




PIMCO's Diversified Income Experience









Applications for PIMCO's Diversified Income Strategy









Investment Philosophy for Diversified Income









Sources of Added Value









Risk Management / Controls













How To Invest 




Mutual Funds
Diversified Income Fund




ETFs
ETF





Separate Accounts






Related Strategies 

Fixed Income



ABS/CMBS Strategy




Bank Loan Strategy




California Intermediate Municipal Bond Strategy




California Short Duration Municipal Bond Strategy




Convertible Bond Strategy




Credit Absolute Return Strategy




Emerging Local Bond Strategy




Emerging Markets Bond Strategy




Emerging Markets Corporate Bond Strategy




Emerging Markets Full Spectrum Bond Strategy​​




Floating Income Strategy




Foreign Bond Strategies




Global Advantage Strategy




Global Bond Strategy




Global Real Return Strategy




GNMA Strategy




High Yield Municipal Strategy




High Yield Spectrum Strategy




High Yield Strategy




Income Strategy




Inflation-Linked Credit Strategy




Investment Grade Credit Strategy




Long Duration Credit Strategy




Long Duration Strategy




Low Duration Strategy




Moderate Duration Strategy




Mortgage LIBOR Plus Strategy




Mortgage Opportunities Strategy




Mortgage-Backed Securities Strategy




National Municipal Bond Strategy




New York Municipal Bond Strategy




Real Return Strategy




Senior Floating Rate Strategy




Short Duration Municipal Bond Strategy




StocksPLUS Long Duration Strategy




Tax Managed Real Return Strategy




Total Return Strategy




Unconstrained Bond Strategy




Unconstrained Tax Managed Bond Strategy






Related



Viewpoints


Asia: Focus Shifts to Returns and Volatility



    Rising interest rates in the U.S. are no longer the biggest concern for investors in Asia ex-Japan.
    






Viewpoints


Asia‑Pacific: Investment Implications of Our 2016 Secular Outlook 










Viewpoints


Spring Awakening



    In a volatile market environment, investors may look to cash alternatives in their effort to add stability to portfolios.
    






Viewpoints


Actively Managing the Evolution in the Insurance Industry



    How are insurance companies adapting to low returns, industry consolidation and new regulations?
    






Featured Solutions


High Yield, High Opportunity



    Valuations have improved and growth should keep defaults low outside of the energy and commodities sectors.
    






Featured Solutions


Crossover Bonds: Catching the Rising Stars



    Crossover bonds offer investors some of the benefits of high yield and investment grade bonds.
    












Disclosures 



Past performance is not a guarantee or a reliable indicator of future results. All investments contain risk and may lose value. Investing in the bond market is subject to certain risks including market, interest-rate, issuer, credit, and inflation risk. Investing in foreign denominated and/or domiciled securities may involve heightened risk due to currency fluctuations, and economic and political risks, which may be enhanced in emerging markets. High-yield, lower-rated, securities involve greater risk than higher-rated securities; portfolios that invest in them may be subject to greater levels of credit and liquidity risk than portfolios that do not. PIMCO strategies utilize derivatives which may involve certain costs and risks such as liquidity, interest rate, market, credit, management and the risk that a position could not be closed when most advantageous. Investing in derivatives could lose more than the amount invested. There is no guarantee that these investment strategies will work under all market conditions or are suitable for all investors and each investor should evaluate their ability to invest long-term, especially during periods of downturn in the market. Diversification does not ensure against loss.

This material contains the current opinions of the manager and such opinions are subject to change without notice. This material has been distributed for informational purposes only and should not be considered as investment advice or a recommendation of any particular security, strategy or investment product.






















Go






                                Americas
                            




Brazil






Canada






Latin America






United States





                                Asia Pacific
                            




Australia






Hong Kong






Japan






Singapore





                                Europe
                            




Belgium






Europe






France






Deutschland






Italia






Luxembourg






Netherlands






España






Switzerland






United Kingdom





                Location not listed? Visit our Global site
            






Save my selection
Launch Site








United States






Global







            Top
    










Cancel
OK



locked
locked
































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Diversified Investment Strategies, LLC






































Home 


About Us 


Mission Statement


Our Approach


Our Associates


Michael Rosenberg in the News


Our Location


Tell A Friend


Referrals Welcomed


Retirement Planning


Financial Planning


Life Insurance


401k Rollover


Annuities


Asset Allocation


Retirement Income Planning


DownloadWhitePaper


Stacy's Stories


Michael Rosenberg's Five Star Award


Michael's Blog


About LPL Financial




Resources 


Articles


Calculators


Flipbooks


Newsletters


Glossary


Tax Library


Videos




Market Watch 

Detailed Quote
Symbol Lookup
Multi Quote
Markets at a Glance
Charting
Portfolio



Request A Quote 


Annuity 


Long-Term Care Insurance  


Life Insurance  


Disability Income Insurance


401(k) Information Request


Information Request




Contact Us 







DIVERSIFIED INVESTMENT STRATEGIES LLC



CONNECT

Address:

293 Eisenhower Parkway Suite 360


Livingston,
				
NJ
07039     


Phone:
(973) 533-1919
Fax/Other:
(973) 369-7996

E-mail address: 
michael@diversifiedinv.com





  









	      Calculators
	    


          Only 41% of U.S. workers have tried to determine how much they will need to save for a
          comfortable retirement.
        

          Source: Employee Benefit Research Institute, 2017
        


        How much retirement income will you need? How much life insurance is enough? What type of IRA is right for you?
      

        Our financial calculators are designed as educational tools to help you estimate
        answers to common financial questions. They are not intended to predict future
        returns or results. Simply click on one of the general financial topics below and
        you'll find a selection of easy-to-use calculators about related financial topics.
      
These calculators are hypothetical examples used for illustrative purposes and do not represent the performance of any specific investment or product. Rates of return will vary over time, particularly for long-term investments. Investments offering the potential for higher rates of return also involve a higher degree of risk of loss. Actual results will vary.

Loans & Credit Cards



Loan Payoff

How much will it cost to pay off a loan over its lifetime?



Home Affordability

Estimate of the maximum amount of financing you can expect to get when you begin house hunting.



Mortgage Refinancing

Determine whether you should consider refinancing your mortgage.



Mortgage Acceleration

This calculator can help you determine how soon you can pay off your mortgage.



Credit Card Debt

How Long Will It Take to Pay my Balance?



Lease Payment

How much would your monthly lease payment be?



Car Affordability

How much can you afford to pay for a car?


Estate Planning



Estate Taxes

Use this calculator to estimate the federal estate taxes that could be due on your estate after you die.


Retirement & Inflation



Cost of Retirement

Use this calculator to estimate how much income and savings you may need in retirement.



Required Minimum Distributions

Estimate the annual required distribution from your traditional IRA or former employer's retirement plan after you turn age 70½.



Impact of Inflation

Estimate the future cost of an item based on today’s prices and the rate of inflation you expect.



Retirement Plan Early Distribution

Estimate how much would remain after paying income taxes and penalties if you took an early distribution from a retirement plan.



Personal Inflation Rate

Is your personal inflation rate higher or lower than the CPI?



Retirement Portfolio Lifespan

How Long Will Your Funds Last?



Working While Collecting Social Security Benefits

What will my net Social Security benefit be?


Taxes & IRAs



Federal Income Tax

This calculator can help you estimate your annual federal income tax liability.



Tax-Deferred Savings

Compare the potential future value of tax-deferred investments to that of taxable investments.



IRA Eligibility

Use this calculator to determine whether you qualify for the different types of IRAs.



Roth IRA Conversion

This calculator can help you determine whether you should consider converting to a Roth IRA.



Saving & Investing



College Funding

Use this calculator to estimate the cost of your child’s education, based on the variables you input.



Savings Goals

How much do you need to save each year to meet your long-term financial goals?



Savings Accumulation

Estimate the future value of your current savings.



Taxable Equivalent Yield

Calculate the rate of return you would have to receive from a taxable investment to realize an equivalent tax-exempt yield.



Capital Gains Taxes

Estimate short-term and long-term federal capital gains taxes


Cash Management



Cash Flow Analysis

This Cash Flow Analysis form will help you weigh your income vs. your expenses.



Net Worth

A balance sheet summarizes your assets and liabilities and reveals your net worth.



Lifetime Earnings

This calculator is designed to help you attach a dollar figure to your life’s work.


Risk Management



Life Insurance

How much life insurance would you need to produce a sufficient income stream for your family?



Life Expectancy

Knowing your likely life expectancy is an important factor in making long-term financial plans.



Long-Term Care Self Insurance

Will you be able to afford nursing home care?



LTCI Cost of Waiting

Estimate the potential cost of waiting to purchase a long-term care insurance policy.



Disability Income Insurance

How much Disability Income Insurance do you need?









share

|





 






Securities and Advisory services offered through LPL Financial, a registered investment advisor. Member FINRA & SIPC.The LPL Financial registered representative associated with this site may only discuss and/or transact business with residents of the following states: NJ, NY, PA, NC, and FL.



Site Map






Back To Top












 







Quotes : Diversified Investment Strategies, LLC





































Home 


About Us 


Mission Statement


Our Approach


Our Associates


Michael Rosenberg in the News


Our Location


Tell A Friend


Referrals Welcomed


Retirement Planning


Financial Planning


Life Insurance


401k Rollover


Annuities


Asset Allocation


Retirement Income Planning


DownloadWhitePaper


Stacy's Stories


Michael Rosenberg's Five Star Award


Michael's Blog


About LPL Financial




Resources 


Articles


Calculators


Flipbooks


Newsletters


Glossary


Tax Library


Videos




Market Watch 

Detailed Quote
Symbol Lookup
Multi Quote
Markets at a Glance
Charting
Portfolio



Request A Quote 


Annuity 


Long-Term Care Insurance  


Life Insurance  


Disability Income Insurance


401(k) Information Request


Information Request




Contact Us 







DIVERSIFIED INVESTMENT STRATEGIES LLC



CONNECT

Address:

293 Eisenhower Parkway Suite 360


Livingston,
				
NJ
07039     


Phone:
(973) 533-1919
Fax/Other:
(973) 369-7996

E-mail address: 
michael@diversifiedinv.com





  








Market Watch




        Market data delayed per exchange rules.  All quotes are in US Eastern Time (EST).
        © Interactive Data Managed Solutions (NYSE:IDC) All rights reserved.
      






share

|





 






Securities and Advisory services offered through LPL Financial, a registered investment advisor. Member FINRA & SIPC.The LPL Financial registered representative associated with this site may only discuss and/or transact business with residents of the following states: NJ, NY, PA, NC, and FL.



Site Map






Back To Top












 







Quotes : Diversified Investment Strategies, LLC





































Home 


About Us 


Mission Statement


Our Approach


Our Associates


Michael Rosenberg in the News


Our Location


Tell A Friend


Referrals Welcomed


Retirement Planning


Financial Planning


Life Insurance


401k Rollover


Annuities


Asset Allocation


Retirement Income Planning


DownloadWhitePaper


Stacy's Stories


Michael Rosenberg's Five Star Award


Michael's Blog


About LPL Financial




Resources 


Articles


Calculators


Flipbooks


Newsletters


Glossary


Tax Library


Videos




Market Watch 

Detailed Quote
Symbol Lookup
Multi Quote
Markets at a Glance
Charting
Portfolio



Request A Quote 


Annuity 


Long-Term Care Insurance  


Life Insurance  


Disability Income Insurance


401(k) Information Request


Information Request




Contact Us 







DIVERSIFIED INVESTMENT STRATEGIES LLC



CONNECT

Address:

293 Eisenhower Parkway Suite 360


Livingston,
				
NJ
07039     


Phone:
(973) 533-1919
Fax/Other:
(973) 369-7996

E-mail address: 
michael@diversifiedinv.com





  








Market Watch




        Market data delayed per exchange rules.  All quotes are in US Eastern Time (EST).
        © Interactive Data Managed Solutions (NYSE:IDC) All rights reserved.
      






share

|





 






Securities and Advisory services offered through LPL Financial, a registered investment advisor. Member FINRA & SIPC.The LPL Financial registered representative associated with this site may only discuss and/or transact business with residents of the following states: NJ, NY, PA, NC, and FL.



Site Map






Back To Top












 







Quotes : Diversified Investment Strategies, LLC





































Home 


About Us 


Mission Statement


Our Approach


Our Associates


Michael Rosenberg in the News


Our Location


Tell A Friend


Referrals Welcomed


Retirement Planning


Financial Planning


Life Insurance


401k Rollover


Annuities


Asset Allocation


Retirement Income Planning


DownloadWhitePaper


Stacy's Stories


Michael Rosenberg's Five Star Award


Michael's Blog


About LPL Financial




Resources 


Articles


Calculators


Flipbooks


Newsletters


Glossary


Tax Library


Videos




Market Watch 

Detailed Quote
Symbol Lookup
Multi Quote
Markets at a Glance
Charting
Portfolio



Request A Quote 


Annuity 


Long-Term Care Insurance  


Life Insurance  


Disability Income Insurance


401(k) Information Request


Information Request




Contact Us 







DIVERSIFIED INVESTMENT STRATEGIES LLC



CONNECT

Address:

293 Eisenhower Parkway Suite 360


Livingston,
				
NJ
07039     


Phone:
(973) 533-1919
Fax/Other:
(973) 369-7996

E-mail address: 
michael@diversifiedinv.com





  








Market Watch




        Market data delayed per exchange rules.  All quotes are in US Eastern Time (EST).
        © Interactive Data Managed Solutions (NYSE:IDC) All rights reserved.
      






share

|





 






Securities and Advisory services offered through LPL Financial, a registered investment advisor. Member FINRA & SIPC.The LPL Financial registered representative associated with this site may only discuss and/or transact business with residents of the following states: NJ, NY, PA, NC, and FL.



Site Map






Back To Top












 





 









Diversified Strategies, LLC | Financial Coaching Firm















































It Was the Best of Times, It Was the Worst of Times
All about how missing the best market days (or the worst!) might affect your portfolio.
Learn More 


Consider These 3 Things Before Driving Off the Lot
There are a few things to consider when buying or leasing your next vehicle.
Learn More 


Can Election Results Predict the Market?
How do the markets usually react to elections? Was the 2016 election any different?
Learn More 


It May Be Time for a Financial Checkup
It’s never a bad time to speak with your financial advisor about changes in your situation.
Learn More 












Identify the Right Strategy and Keep Your Investments on TrackAt Diversified Strategies, LLC, we believe that as a financial coaching firm, education and understanding leads to clarity and confidence. Through this process of ongoing coaching, this ultimately leads to peace of mind. Part of our commitment to you is to have Private Investor Educational Events on many financial topics. We share years of academic research from noble prize winners and continually research to provide this information to you.We will care for you and your family or business' financial future as we do our own. Your goals and dreams are just as important as ours. We make sure to be available to you for regular, ongoing meetings to help you stay on track.








Helpful Content


Social Security: The \$64,000 Question
One of the most common questions people ask about Social Security is when they should start taking benefits.



Retiring the 4% Rule
A portfolio created with your long-term objectives in mind is crucial as you pursue your dream retirement.



What’s Your Investment IQ?
You make decisions for your portfolio, but how much do you really know about the products you buy? Try this quiz 


 





Catch-Up Contributions
Workers 50+ may make contributions to their qualified retirement plans above the limits imposed on younger workers.


The Value of Insuring Against Life’s Risks
Building wealth requires protection from the forces of wealth destruction.


A Home Insurance Claim: To File Or Not To File
Learn when it may not make sense to file a claim on your home insurance.


Keeping Good Records is Good Business
Maintaining good records for your business not only helps to meet your tax and legal obligations, but it can save you money. 


Measuring the Value of a Financial Advisor
Ever wonder what the real value of a financial advisor is?  It’s not just added portfolio returns.


Healthy Body, Healthy Pocketbook
Maintaining a healthy lifestyle can help you reduce health-related expenses—and avoid time in the recovery room.

View all articles 



What Is the Dividend Yield?
This calculator helps determine your pre-tax and after-tax dividend yield on a particular stock.


Saving for College
This calculator can help you estimate how much you should be saving for college.


Disability Income
This calculator estimates your chances of becoming disabled and your potential need for disability insurance.


Comparing Mortgage Terms
Estimate the total cost in today's dollars of various mortgage alternatives.


Estimate Your RMD
Help determine the required minimum distribution from an IRA or other qualified retirement plan.


Saving for Retirement
This calculator can help you estimate how much you may need to save for retirement.

View all calculators 



Retirement Plan Distributions
There are a number of ways to withdraw money from a qualified retirement plan.


An Inside Look at Retirement Living
A number of questions and concerns need to be addressed to help you better prepare for retirement living.


5 Smart Investing Strategies
There are some smart strategies that may help you pursue your investment objectives


5 Smart Investing Principles
Principles that can help create a portfolio designed to pursue investment goals.


Keys to Investing for Retirement
There are some key concepts to understand when investing for retirement


Long-Term-Care Protection Strategies
The chances of needing long-term care, its cost, and strategies for covering that cost.

View all presentations 



Perception vs. Reality
There’s an alarming difference between perception and reality for current and future retirees.


The Good Ship IPO
The seas of the market are constantly shifting. Whether the good ship IPO can set sail may depend heavily on the tides.


How to Bake a Pie-R-A
Roth IRAs are tax advantaged in a different way from traditional IRAs.


Jane Bond: Infiltrating the Market
Agent Jane Bond is on the case, cracking the code on bonds.


Acres of Diamonds
In life it often happens that the answers to our most pressing questions are right in our own backyards.


Forecast
The market is as unpredictable as the weather. We’d love to help you prepare.

View all videos 





 


Market Summary
The data below reflects the previous day close.

^INX,^OEX,^IXIC,^TNX


^INX
Market data provided by xignite.

























Quotes : Diversified Investment Strategies, LLC





































Home 


About Us 


Mission Statement


Our Approach


Our Associates


Michael Rosenberg in the News


Our Location


Tell A Friend


Referrals Welcomed


Retirement Planning


Financial Planning


Life Insurance


401k Rollover


Annuities


Asset Allocation


Retirement Income Planning


DownloadWhitePaper


Stacy's Stories


Michael Rosenberg's Five Star Award


Michael's Blog


About LPL Financial




Resources 


Articles


Calculators


Flipbooks


Newsletters


Glossary


Tax Library


Videos




Market Watch 

Detailed Quote
Symbol Lookup
Multi Quote
Markets at a Glance
Charting
Portfolio



Request A Quote 


Annuity 


Long-Term Care Insurance  


Life Insurance  


Disability Income Insurance


401(k) Information Request


Information Request




Contact Us 







DIVERSIFIED INVESTMENT STRATEGIES LLC



CONNECT

Address:

293 Eisenhower Parkway Suite 360


Livingston,
				
NJ
07039     


Phone:
(973) 533-1919
Fax/Other:
(973) 369-7996

E-mail address: 
michael@diversifiedinv.com





  








Market Watch




        Market data delayed per exchange rules.  All quotes are in US Eastern Time (EST).
        © Interactive Data Managed Solutions (NYSE:IDC) All rights reserved.
      






share

|





 






Securities and Advisory services offered through LPL Financial, a registered investment advisor. Member FINRA & SIPC.The LPL Financial registered representative associated with this site may only discuss and/or transact business with residents of the following states: NJ, NY, PA, NC, and FL.



Site Map






Back To Top












 







Diversified Investment Strategies, LLC





































Home 


About Us 


Mission Statement


Our Approach


Our Associates


Michael Rosenberg in the News


Our Location


Tell A Friend


Referrals Welcomed


Retirement Planning


Financial Planning


Life Insurance


401k Rollover


Annuities


Asset Allocation


Retirement Income Planning


DownloadWhitePaper


Stacy's Stories


Michael Rosenberg's Five Star Award


Michael's Blog


About LPL Financial




Resources 


Articles


Calculators


Flipbooks


Newsletters


Glossary


Tax Library


Videos




Market Watch 

Detailed Quote
Symbol Lookup
Multi Quote
Markets at a Glance
Charting
Portfolio



Request A Quote 


Annuity 


Long-Term Care Insurance  


Life Insurance  


Disability Income Insurance


401(k) Information Request


Information Request




Contact Us 







Events
Our Upcoming Events
Events


Complementary Consultation
Schedule your free comprehensive one hour portfolio analysis
Schedule Now!


Free E-newsletter
Receive timely information to keep you abreast of events impacting your fiscal plan.
Sign-Up Now!










DIVERSIFIED INVESTMENT STRATEGIES LLC


293 Eisenhower Parkway Suite 360


Livingston,
				
NJ
07039     




Phone: 

(973) 533-1919



Fax: 

(973) 369-7996




E-mail address: 
michael@diversifiedinv.com



  











Delivering A Better Client Experience With 360 Discovery    Thank you for taking the time to visit our website. I am Michael Rosenberg, a wealth advisor in Livingston, New Jersey. I am proud of my firm’s client centric approach to wealth management. Our approach is simple; we help people discover through identifying their core values what is most important in life to them. I am so proud of all those I have served over the years helping them identify what is most important in life to them, and in collaboration with their other advisors see to it that not only is a LifeMap put in place, but effectively implemented.I take great pride over the many success stories we have had over the years, like the divorced career working mom from Caldwell, NJ that during her initial interview stated that nothing is more important than seeing that her two young children go to college. Unfortunately, she passed away from cancer a few years later. But the estate plan put in place funded through life insurance saw to it that her children attended and completed college. Then there is the couple who came to me from West Orange, NJ. They wanted to enjoy their retirement years with travel, while gifting money to grandchildren for college. Twenty years later they are in their mid-80’s, have traveled to Europe, Asia, Israel have a winter home in Florida and lived to see two of their four grandchildren graduate from college.Having that personal relationship of knowing where my clients travel to, what they like to do in their leisure time and keeping up to date on children and grandchildren makes me more than a wealth advisor, it makes me a friend. I welcome you to join our family, so together we can pursue your goals just like hundreds of satisfied clients I have served over the last 35 years.I welcome your phone call,Michael L Rosenberg, RFC     Award based on 10 objective criteria associated with providing quality services to clients such as credentials, experience, and assets under management among other factors. Wealth managers do not pay a fee to be considered or placed on the final list of 2017 Five Star Wealth Managers.    As Seen In....               Click here to Learn More... 







share

|





 








Digital Deception: Current Trends in Cybercrime
An overview of recent developments in cybersecurity and tips that could help protect sensitive account information.



							More Videos
							»



























Newsletters




Tax Tips on Capital Gains

Tax season is an opportunity to look at the tax implications of investment strategies and plan for the year ahead.



Consider Munis for Tax-Free Income

Understanding general obligation and revenue bonds, how bonds are rated, and potential benefits of tax-free yields.



Consider Taxation When Setting Compensation

The tax considerations involved in setting a small-business owner’s compensation.



The State of Social Security

The current state of the Social Security program and possible solutions to address the program's projected shortfall.



More Newsletters »




Calculators




IRA Eligibility

Use this calculator to determine whether you qualify for the different types of IRAs.



Working While Collecting Social Security Benefits

What will my net Social Security benefit be?



Estate Taxes

Use this calculator to estimate the federal estate taxes that could be due on your estate after you die.



Required Minimum Distributions

Estimate the annual required distribution from your traditional IRA or former employer's retirement plan after you turn age 70½.



More Calculators »




Market Watch


July 28, 2017 @ 09:13 AM 


Ticker Name
Percent Difference (when noted with %) otherwise Last Price
Difference (where applicable)





Dow Jones Industrials ETF

+0.2%
 



Dow Jones Transportation ETF

-1.8%
 



Dow Jones Utilities ETF

+0.2%
 



Nasdaq Composite ETF

-0.3%
 



Nasdaq 100 ETF

-0.4%
 



S&P 500 ETF

-0.0%
 



S&P 100 ETF

+0.1%
 



S&P Mid-Cap 400 ETF

-0.1%
 



S&P Volatility Index ETF

+5.7%
 



PHLX Semiconductor Index ETF

-1.0%
 



OSX Oil Service Sector Index ETF

+1.4%
 

 


Enter stock ticker symbol:

Get Quote




[
Markets 
  	| 
  	Charts 
  	| 
  	Quotes 
  	| 
  	Portfolio
]


    Market data delayed per exchange rules.
    All quotes are in US Eastern Time (EST).
    © Interactive Data Managed Solutions (NYSE:IDC) All rights reserved.
  










Securities and Advisory services offered through LPL Financial, a registered investment advisor. Member FINRA & SIPC.The LPL Financial registered representative associated with this site may only discuss and/or transact business with residents of the following states: NJ, NY, PA, NC, and FL.



Site Map






Back To Top












 







	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started










































Diversified Wealth Strategies, LLC - 






















Disclaimer


 

 





Home

About Us


Our Firm

Our People




            Our Video Library 
            



 Contact Us 

Company
            Location




 Request a Quote

Annuity
Life Insurance
Long-term Care
Group Health
Auto Insurance
Homeowners
Individual Health
Disability Insurance
Mortgage Qualification
401(k) Plan
Business Insurance
Substandard Life
Individual Dental
Medicare Supplement
Short-term Medical





Learning Center

March 2012 Newsletter
Calculators
Articles
Information Request
Tell a Friend
Bookmark this Site



Tax Center

Rates
Tax Calendar
Tax Forms
IRS Publications


Contact Us

Information Request
Refer This Site









 

About Us



 We are a company of diverse and talented individuals, employing high ethics and Christian values. We offer solid comprehensive financial advisory services along withsuperior products. We have an on-site Notary Public and are partnered with highly reputable CPA's through our in-house tax service, Metro Tax Misers. 
 Our core principle is to put our clients and prospective clients financial interests foremost in our focus help our clients make money, but in these uncertain times, to protect them as much as possible from severe loss. 
 Staff Picture 

 Staff Names left to right; Laura Denton, Carla DeShazer, Sherry Lacy, Seated Preston N. Titus



PRESTON N. TITUS Investment Advisory Representative

QUALIFICATIONS
*Licensed Registered Investment Advisor Member of FINRA/SIPC
*Licensed Life and Health Underwriter, representing many high quality companies
*Life Underwriter Training Courses: Business
  
Read More


Our Video Library





 
 


 
 

 



 
 
 
 
  
Read More


Contact Us



    Diversified Wealth Strategies, LLC
    

      17515 West 9 Mile Road, Suite 755Southfield,
      MI 
      48075-4403
      Phone: (248) 569-6043
      
      Fax: (248) 569-6114
      
      E-mail:
      
      dwsmoney@dwssfld.net

Map and Directions



Contact Us

home-block-bottom


Welcome to Diversified Wealth Strategies 


In these uncertain times, and with the economy being what it is, even $1,000,000 isn't what it used to be! Our professional Investment Advisory Representative specializes in listening to YOU and helping you create a tailor-made, total plan to achieve your financial goals, protect your assets, obtain income, plan for financial security in the event the need for long term care arises or the loss of a loved one. We hope you will Contact us and let us listen to YOU. 

        *Investment advisory services offered through InStep Investments, LLC, a registered investment advisor, to residents of Michigan.  





*Investment advisory services offered through InStep Investments, LLC, a registered investment advisor, to residents of Michigan. 



Friday, July 28, 2017
Manager Login










Top Financial Articles - Fidelity Viewpoints

















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 













Fidelity Viewpoints
®

















Top Stories


Market Insights


Investing Ideas


Retirement


Personal Finance


Financial Foundations


Wealth Management


Active Investor







                
                
                Top Stories

                
                
                Market Insights

                
                
                Investing Ideas

                
                
                Retirement

                
                
                Personal Finance

                
                
                Financial Foundations

                
                
                Wealth Management

                
                
                Active Investor


Go







New this week...


Tax-savvy conversions
Before converting your traditional IRA to a Roth IRA, consider two tax-savvy strategies.


 


Sector winners and losers



       	

        
	

	
	Health care, industrials, and tech led in Q2, and some cyclicals may be poised for gains.
	

	

 


Kids and taxes: 6 questions



       	

        
	

	
	If a child has income from a job or investments, you need to know the tax implications.
	

	

 


Time to take away the financial keys?



       	

        
	

	
	Most of us have little knowledge about our parents’ finances. Here are ways to take charge.
	

	

 




Trending



New Active Investor Weekly

Sign up now for fresh trading tips, technical analysis, options strategies, and more.
	

	

 



Sustainable investing

What you need to know about environmental, social, and governance investing.
	

	

 





Most helpful Viewpoints



 





Sign up for Fidelity Viewpoints®
Get a weekly subscription of our experts' current thinking on the financial markets, investing trends, and personal finance. 



Full Name






															Please enter a valid name. e.g. John Doe.
														

																	First and Last name are required.
																

																	Full name should not exceed 75 characters.
																

																	Please enter a valid name. e.g. John Doe.
																






Email






															Enter a valid email address. e.g. name@fidelity.com.
														

																	Email is required.
																

																	Email address must be 5 characters at minimum.
																

																	Email address can not exceed 100 characters.
																

																	Please enter a valid email address. e.g. name@fidelity.com.
																






Subscribe








																	Thank you for subscribing.
																

																	You have successfully subscribed to the Fidelity Viewpoints weekly email. You should begin receiving the email in 7–10 business days.
																

																	We were unable to process your request.
																

																	Please Click Here to go to Viewpoints signup page.
																
































 




Popular topics 









Personal Finance									

From taxes, to financial planning and saving for college, get ideas for managing expenses and budgeting.									
See more Personal Finance Viewpoints









Retirement									

Find helpful guidance, tools, and services to assist you as you prepare for retirement on your terms.									
See more Retirement Viewpoints









Investing Ideas									

Get our latest thinking on the market, the outlook for rates, and investment strategies.									
See more Investing Ideas Viewpoints






Editor's picks 









The value advantage									

If you're an active investor, the right broker can be a major advantage. Look for great service, low trading costs, and good value.									
Visit the special report









Viewpoints Multimedia									

Get insights on the markets, investing, and personal finance from our videos, podcasts, and interactive tools.									
Visit our Multimedia center









Viewpoints Special Reports									

Make more informed money decisions with our collections of retirement, personal finance, and investing ideas.									
Visit our Special Reports center















Before investing, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses of the fund, exchange-traded fund, or annuity and its investment options. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.


This information is intended to be educational and is not tailored to the investment needs of any specific investor.



Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



Investing involves risk, including risk of loss.


Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments.


In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible.



          Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors. Certain complex options strategies carry additional risk. Prior to trading options, please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options, and call 800-343-3548 to be approved for options trading.  Supporting documentation for any claims, if applicable, will be furnished upon request.
	
    

          There are additional costs associated with option strategies that call for multiple purchases and sales of options, such as spreads, straddles, and collars, as compared to a single option trade.
	
    

          Sector investing can be more volatile because of their narrow concentration in a specific industry.
	
    

          Diversification cannot ensure a profit or protect against loss.
	
    

          Fidelity does not provide legal or tax advice and the information provided above is general in nature and should not be considered legal or tax advice. Consult with an attorney or tax professional regarding your specific legal or tax situation.
	
    

Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, Member NYSE, SIPC, 900 Salem Street, Smithfield, RI 02917



647384.12.20











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 



