




Division33 LLC - Commercial- O'brien  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Division33 LLC

      Industry: Commercial
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1306 Nw Hoyt Street, Suite 400  
    Portland, OR, 97209Phone: (503) 445-7557 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-23


New


$650,000


$650,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Timothy J. O'brien 
 Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Division LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Division LLC
List of persons related to the company Division LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Division LLC.

CIK Number: 0001599957IRS Number: 464769266Company address: 305 BROADWAY, 7TH FLOOR  NEW YORK 10007Phone number: 917-426-3869



People related to Division LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryROSENBERG  ALEXANDER305 BROADWAY, 7TH FLOOR NEW YORKNYBROWN  NATHANIEL305 BROADWAY, 7TH FLOOR NEW YORKNY




Division LLC on the Web
Related companiesDivision Street Flats, LLC, Division Two LLC, Division33 LLC












 








Division LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Division LLC  Funding details


Division LLC Industry: OtherCIK Number: 0001599957IRS Number: 464769266Address: 305 BROADWAY, 7TH FLOOR  NEW YORK 10007Phone number: 917-426-3869



Latest news
Division LLC raised $100,000 from 1 investor on 2014-02-13.



Division LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2014-02-13New Form D$250,000$100,000$150,000$0106b[SEC Filing]
Division LLC raised $100,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Division LLC
Key People in Division LLC:

ALEXANDER ROSENBERGNATHANIEL BROWN
Similar companiesDivision Street Flats, LLC, Division33 LLC, Division Two LLC








Last visited companies: IRVING PLACE CAPITAL PARTNERS III SPV, L.P., ARC FUND LP, Circle 9 Non-Operated Working Interest Fund I LP, Digital Native Arts Inc., Foresite Capital V-C, LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

























ASP
























Skip to main content















Call Us At
+1-888-783-7723




























 



Protecting Patients
    from Healthcare-Associated Infections
Through its four business platforms, ASP supports healthcare facilities in the fight to protect patients against three primary sources of HAIs: medical devices, the environment and human contact. Our solutions include Terminal Sterilization, High-Level Disinfection and others.
Select your region below to view products available in your country.






Select Your Region or Country:


Australia
Europe/Middle East/Africa- English
- Français
- Deutsch
- Русский
- Español

Japan | 日本
Latin America- English
- Portuguese
- Español

United States




Additionals Tools:


STERRAD® Sterility Guide (SSG)
The STERRAD® Sterility Guide (SSG) is an easy-to-use online tools that lists the devices, trays and containers that fall within validated sterility claims.
- English
- Français
- Italiano
- Portuguese
- Русский
- Chinese
- Español

Get Social and Stay Connected!

- Facebook
- LinkedIn
- Twitter
- Youtube



 









Follow us
















This site is published by Advanced Sterilization Products, Division of Ethicon US, LLC. which is solely responsible for its contents. It is intended for international visitors.
© Advanced Sterilization Products Division Ethicon US, LLC. 2013.
Last Updated ON August 03, 2016 Release Number 2013-1.00E
AD-100160-01-US_B




Powered by Drupal 






 





Naturally Wholesome Products LLC Wholesome Country Creamery LLC Voluntary recall of Half & Half in plastic gallon and pint bottles, due to the presence of Alkaline Phosphatase in samples




























































  


Skip to main page content
Skip to search
Skip to topics menu
Skip to common links




 
 







HHS
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

 




  U.S. Food and Drug Administration

 
 




A to Z Index
Follow FDA
En Español


 




Search FDA


Submit search














 
 
 
 










Safety







 en Español


 

 






Home

Safety

Recalls, Market Withdrawals, & Safety Alerts











Company Announcement
		When a company announces a recall, market withdrawal, or safety alert, the FDA posts the company's announcement as a public service. FDA does not endorse either the product or the company.
Naturally Wholesome Products LLC Wholesome Country Creamery LLC Voluntary recall of Half & Half in plastic gallon and pint bottles, due to the presence of Alkaline Phosphatase in samples





Share


Tweet


Linkedin


Pin it


More sharing options


Linkedin


Pin it




Email


Print









For Immediate Release


May 24, 2017






Contact


Consumers (336) 468-1520MediaRhoda Hostetler or Ruth Hostetler (336) 468-1520








Announcement




Naturally Wholesome Products LLC is voluntarily recalling gallon and pint containers of Half & Half labeled under the brand name Wholesome Country Creamery due to the presence of Alkaline Phosphatase found in samples during routine testing. Naturally Wholesome Products LLC has received no reports of illnesses related to the affected product and is removing the product from the market out of the abundance of caution.All gallon and pint containers involved in this recall have a batch code of 4052917 or 2060517. Distribution of the affected product was limited in scope. No other Naturally Wholesome Products LLC products are affected by this recall.The company initiated this voluntary recall because, in routine testing, samples of the affected product were found to contain Alkaline Phosphatase, an enzyme naturally present in raw milk but not in milk that has been properly pasteurized. The North Carolina Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, during a follow-up investigation of the plant, identified 2 batches of Half & Half that were not pasteurized per the requirements of the Pasteurized Milk Ordinance.The recall involves 244 units of the affected product which was distributed only in North Carolina. The company is actively notifying customers and is in the process of retrieving the affected product.How to Identify The Recalled ProductThis recall includes only gallon and pint containers of Half & Half that carry the Wholesome Country Creamery brand name. The containers have a small white sticker reading: 4052917 or 2060517.No other Naturally Wholesome Products LLC products are included in this recall.Naturally Wholesome Products LLC has ceased distribution of the affected product and recovery is actively underway. Consumers who have this product should not consume it. They should discard it and may return the product container to the place of purchase for a full refund or exchange. Consumers with questions can contact the company at (336) 468-1520.Because the presence of Alkaline Phosphatase in milk suggests the milk may not have been pasteurized sufficiently, it is possible that pathogens present in the raw milk to begin with, including Salmonella, Campylobacter, Listeria, and/or E. coli, have survived and, if ingested, could cause gastrointestinal infection and its potential ensuing complications.
###



 









Follow FDA



Follow @US_FDA on Twitter 

Follow FDA on Facebook 

Follow @FDArecalls on Twitter 

Recent Recalled Product Photos on FDA's Flickr Photostream 



 
 

 
















More in Recalls, Market Withdrawals, & Safety Alerts

Archive for Recalls, Market Withdrawals & Safety Alerts
2017
2016
2015

Enforcement Reports
Pending Recalls
Archived Enforcement Reports

Industry Guidance

Major Product Recalls
DKH Cheese Recalls (Listeria monocytogenes contamination)
Frozen vegetable products (Listeria monocytogenes)
Industry Resources for Recalls
Undeclared Peanut (from Cumin Ingredient) Recalls
Sunland Nut and Seed Product Recalls

 














	Page Last Updated: 06/05/2017


	Note: If you need help accessing information in different file formats, see Instructions for Downloading Viewers and Players.
   Language Assistance Available: Español | 繁體中文 | Tiếng Việt | 한국어 | Tagalog | Русский | العربية | Kreyòl Ayisyen | Français | Polski | Português | Italiano | Deutsch | 日本語 | فارسی | English






 























Products | Quality Control Products



















 







(504) 392-9464
info@qcp-llc.com
 

 
 
 















Select Page


  
 



 



 






Products

                                             
                                                         
 
 
                               
 
 
                                                       
 
 
                  
 
 
                                                    
 
                                                          
 
                                                                       
 
                                             
                                      
 

Accumulators
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












