    Stephen Doberstein | Nektar Therapeutics | ZoomInfo.com


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 












Stephen K. Doberstein, Nektar Therapeutics Chief Scientific Officer & SVP - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Stephen K. Doberstein
Chief Scientific Officer & SVP, Nektar Therapeutics

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Stephen K. Doberstein at Nektar Therapeutics. Stephen K. Doberstein works as Chief Scientific Officer & SVP .  Nektar Therapeutics is a leader in Pharmaceuticals & Health Care Products .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more  leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


07/27/2017:


Zacks: Brokerages Expect Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $36.49 Million

Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments
Equities research analysts expect Nektar Therapeutics (NASDAQ:NKTR) to report $36.49 million in sales for the current quarter, according to Zacks . Five analysts have issued estimates for Nektar Therapeutics’ earnings. The lowest sales estimate is $26.67 million and the highest is $47.90 million. Nektar Therapeutics posted sales of $32.77 million during the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year over year growth rate of 11.4%. .....

People In This Article:
Robert B. Chess
,                                            Stephen K. Doberstein
 

07/14/2017:


Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Stock Price

Press coverage about Nektar Therapeutics (NASDAQ:NKTR) has been trending somewhat negative this week, according to Accern Sentiment. The research firm scores the sentiment of press coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog sources. Accern ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Nektar Therapeutics earned a media sentiment score of -0.09 on Accern’s scale. .....

People In This Article:
Stephen K. Doberstein
 






Learn more about Stephen K. Doberstein  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Stephen K. Doberstein and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved















































Nektar Therapeutics Names Stephen K. Doberstein, Ph.D. Senior Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer












































Skip to main content












Advertisement 

 



Home
TopicsBig Pharma
Contract Manufacturing
Drug Development
Enterprise Technology
Facility
Global
Operations
Recalls
Regulatory
Supply Chain

WatchInterphex Live

Search
EventsInterphex

SocialFacebook
Twitter
YouTube

GuidesCompanies
Products

Learn
Digital
 



Login
Register
Subscribe
ChannelsMNET
CHEM
FM
ID
IMPO
MBT

 





Advertisement 

 















 












Advertisement 

 











 



Operations 






 Nektar Therapeutics Names Stephen K. Doberstein, Ph.D. Senior Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer 
 Thu, 01/07/2010 - 3:33am 
 Comments 
 by  

 



Nektar Therapeutics has announced the appointment of Stephen K. Doberstein, Ph.D., to the position of Senior Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer. Dr. Doberstein will report to Nektar's President and Chief Executive Officer, Howard W. Robin.  Dr. Doberstein brings over 17 years of experience in biotechnology research and development to Nektar. In this newly-created role, he will lead all aspects of discovery research at Nektar.  "We are delighted to have Steve join the Nektar executive team as we execute on our research strategy to develop innovative therapeutics with our proven polymer conjugate technology platform," said Howard W. Robin, President and Chief Executive Officer of Nektar Therapeutics. "Steve is a highly talented executive with an impressive track record. His experience and leadership will be instrumental as we continue to build our pipeline of proprietary drug candidates."  Prior to joining Nektar, Dr. Doberstein, 50, was Vice President of Research at Xoma where he was responsible for directing the discovery and development of their drug candidates, including antibody discovery and support of clinical development through non-clinical safety, translational medicine and pharmacokinetics/pharmacodynamics. Prior to that, Dr. Doberstein served as Vice President, Research at Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc, a protein and antibody discovery and development company where he built and led a high performance discovery research and process development group. While at Five Prime, he established programs resulting in multiple strategic alliances with pharmaceutical partners, built a strong proprietary pipeline, and moved multiple product candidates from concept to pre-IND stages in diabetes, oncology, rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. Prior to that, Dr. Doberstein was Vice President, Research at Xencor, an antibody and protein engineering and development company. At Xencor, he was instrumental in advancing its protein platform technologies and preclinical product candidates. Before that, he also held a number of senior positions at Exelixis.  Dr. Doberstein received his Ph.D. in Biochemistry, Cell and Molecular Biology from the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, and completed his postdoctoral work at UC Berkeley. Earlier in his career, Dr. Doberstein held a variety of engineering roles at DuPont after receiving his B.S.Ch.E. degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Delaware.  "I am excited to join Nektar, the clear industry leader in PEGylation chemistry and advanced polymer conjugate technologies," said Dr. Doberstein. "Nektar's innovative drug discovery and development platform is among the most promising in the biopharmaceutical industry. I look forward to working with Nektar's world-class research scientists to apply this platform to the discovery of new drug candidates and to advance Nektar's discoveries rapidly into the clinic."  









Advertisement 

 
 











Advertisement 

 



View the discussion thread. 





























      Connect with Pharmaceutical Processing    

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
 



      Resources    

About Us
Advertising Info
Contact Us
Contributor Guidelines
Directory FAQs
Privacy Policy
Product Announcement Form
RSS
Subscriptions
Terms & Conditions
 



      Topics    

Big Pharma
Contract Manufacturing
Drug Development
Enterprise Technology
Facility
Global
Operations
Recalls
Regulatory
Supply Chain
 



© Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media 







 
 










 










 



 










Advertisement 

 




















 





  

 






  



 

























Nektar Therapeutics Names Stephen K. Doberstein, Ph.D. Senior Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer - Jan 6, 2010

















































HOME | MEDIA | CONTACT









About Nektar


Overview
Leadership
Management
Board of Directors
Partnering
Our Partners
Partner Case Studies
Partnering Events
Locations
Our Locations
Nektar Therapeutics Corporate Headquarters
Nektar Alabama
Nektar Therapeutics (India) Private Limited
Contact



R&D Pipeline


Products in Development
Product Pipeline
Oncology
- Etirinotecan pegol (NKTR-102)
CNS/Pain
- MOVANTIK (naloxegol)
- NKTR-181
- NKTR-171
Anti-Infectives
- NKTR-061 (BAY41-6551)
Clinical Trials Information
Approved Products
Scientific & Medical Event Calendar



Platform Technologies


Our Technology
Approved Products



Investor Relations


Overview
Financial Calendar & Presentations
News & E-mail Alerts
E-mail Alerts
Stock Information
Historic Stock Lookup
Analyst Coverage
Financial Information
SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Quarterly Results
Corporate Governance
Investor Contacts



Careers


Overview
Life at Nektar
Search Jobs
Benefits at Nektar
Overview
Benefits at San Francisco, California
Benefits at Huntsville, Alabama
Benefits at Hyderabad, India
Information for Recruiters






























Print this Page | 
					Tell a Friend | 
					RSS

Print this Page









		Media Room	



		News Releases	



		Company Overview	



		Broadcast Video	



		Image Gallery	



		Media Contacts	












News Releases


Nektar Therapeutics Names Stephen K. Doberstein, Ph.D. Senior Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer



Nektar Therapeutics  today announced the appointment of Stephen K. Doberstein, Ph.D., to the position of Senior Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer.  Dr. Doberstein will report to Nektar's President and Chief Executive Officer, Howard W. Robin.
Dr. Doberstein brings over 17 years of experience in biotechnology research and development to Nektar.  In this newly-created role, he will lead all aspects of discovery research at Nektar.
"We are delighted to have Steve join the Nektar executive team as we execute on our research strategy to develop innovative therapeutics with our proven polymer conjugate technology platform," said Howard W. Robin, President and Chief Executive Officer of Nektar Therapeutics. "Steve is a highly talented executive with an impressive track record. His experience and leadership will be instrumental as we continue to build our pipeline of proprietary drug candidates."
Prior to joining Nektar, Dr. Doberstein, 50, was Vice President of Research at Xoma where he was responsible for directing the discovery and development of their drug candidates, including antibody discovery and support of clinical development through non-clinical safety, translational medicine and pharmacokinetics/pharmacodynamics.  Prior to that, Dr. Doberstein served as Vice President, Research at Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc, a protein and antibody discovery and development company where he built and led a high performance discovery research and process development group. While at Five Prime, he established programs resulting in multiple strategic alliances with pharmaceutical partners, built a strong proprietary pipeline, and moved multiple product candidates from concept to pre-IND stages in diabetes, oncology, rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. Prior to that, Dr. Doberstein was Vice President, Research at Xencor, an antibody and protein engineering and development company.  At Xencor, he was instrumental in advancing its protein platform technologies and preclinical product candidates. Before that, he also held a number of senior positions at Exelixis.
Dr. Doberstein received his Ph.D. in Biochemistry, Cell and Molecular Biology from the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, and completed his postdoctoral work at UC Berkeley.  Earlier in his career, Dr. Doberstein held a variety of engineering roles at DuPont after receiving his B.S.Ch.E. degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Delaware.
"I am excited to join Nektar, the clear industry leader in PEGylation chemistry and advanced polymer conjugate technologies," said Dr. Doberstein.  "Nektar's innovative drug discovery and development platform is among the most promising in the biopharmaceutical industry. I look forward to working with Nektar's world-class research scientists to apply this platform to the discovery of new drug candidates and to advance Nektar's discoveries rapidly into the clinic."
About Nektar
Nektar Therapeutics is a biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics based on its PEGylation and advanced polymer conjugation technology platforms. Nektar's technology and drug development expertise have enabled nine approved products in the U.S. or Europe for leading biopharmaceutical company partners, including UCB's Cimzia® for Crohn's disease and rheumatoid arthritis, Roche's PEGASYS® for hepatitis C and Amgen's Neulasta® for neutropenia.
Nektar has created a robust pipeline of potentially high-value therapeutics to address unmet medical needs by leveraging and expanding its technology platforms to improve and enable molecules. Nektar is currently conducting clinical and preclinical programs in oncology, pain and other therapeutic areas. Nektar recently entered into an exclusive worldwide license agreement with AstraZeneca for its oral NKTR-118 program to treat opioid-induced constipation and its NKTR-119 program for the treatment of pain without constipation side effects. NKTR-102, PEGylated irinotecan, is currently being evaluated in Phase 2 clinical studies for the treatment of ovarian, breast and colorectal cancers. NKTR-105, PEGylated docetaxel, is currently in a Phase 1 clinical study in cancer patients with refractory solid tumors.
Nektar is headquartered in San Carlos, California, with additional R&D operations in Huntsville, Alabama and Hyderabad, India. Further information about the company and its drug development programs and capabilities may be found online at http://www.nektar.com/.
This press release contains forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views regarding the value and potential of Nektar's technology platform, Nektar's pipeline of product candidates in development, and Nektar's collaborations with third parties.  These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to: (i) Nektar's proprietary product candidates and those of its partners are in the early to mid-stage phases of clinical development and the risk of failure is high and can occur at any stage prior to regulatory approval; (ii) Nektar or its partners may not be able to successfully obtain regulatory approval for product candidates in development; (iii) Nektar's commercialization partners may not be successful in their sales and marketing efforts even if current product candidates successfully receive future regulatory approval in one or more markets; (iv) Nektar's patent applications for its technology platforms and proprietary or partner product candidates may not issue, patents that have issued may not be enforceable; and or intellectual property licenses from third parties may be required in the future; and (v) other important risks and uncertainties set forth in Nektar's most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 5, 2009 and its Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2009. Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this press release.  Nektar undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
For more information on Nektar Therapeutics, please visit www.nektar.com
Jennifer Ruddock, 650-631-4954 
First Call Analyst: FCMN Contact: jruddock@nektar.com 
SOURCE: Nektar Therapeutics
    

CONTACT:  Jennifer Ruddock of Nektar Therapeutics, +1-650-631-4954
Web Site:  http://www.nektar.com/ 











 




 





 






Site Map
Privacy
Terms of Use
Compliance Policy
Trademarks
Site Users Guide

Copyright Nektar © 2014

















 






Stephen K. Doberstein, Senior Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer, Nektar Therapeutics


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Stephen K. Doberstein



Senior Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer
at
Nektar Therapeutics


Location: San Francisco Bay Area, CA





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Stephen K. Doberstein



Senior Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer
at
Nektar Therapeutics


Location: San Francisco Bay Area, CA




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Steve Doberstein joined Nektar in January 2010 as Senior Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer to lead all aspects of discovery research at Nektar. Dr. Doberstein brings over 17 years of experience in biotechnology research and development to the company. Prior to joining Nektar, Dr. Doberstein was Vice President of Research at XOMA where he was responsible for directing the discovery and development of their drug candidates, including antibody discovery and support of clinical development through non-clinical safety, translational medicine and pharmacokinetics/ pharmacodynamics. Prior to that, Dr. Doberstein served as Vice President, Research at Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc, a protein and antibody discovery and development company where he built and led a high performance discovery research and process development group. While at Five Prime, he established programs resulting in multiple strategic alliances with pharmaceutical partners, built a strong proprietary pipeline, and moved multiple product candidates from concept to pre-IND stages in diabetes, oncology, rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. Prior to that, Dr. Doberstein was Vice President, Research at Xencor, an antibody and protein engineering and development company. At Xencor, he was instrumental in advancing its protein platform technologies and preclinical product candidates. Before that, he also held a number of senior positions at Exelixis.



4

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





1

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
R&D in Biotech, Environmental and various industries (no marketing product yet)




Tags
Drug Discovery, Monoclonal Antibodies, BiotechnologyAssay Development




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Stephen K. DobersteinCareer (4)






Jan-2010




Nektar Therapeutics



Senior Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer







Oct-2008 to Jan-2010




Xoma Ltd



Vice President of Research







May-2004 to Oct-2008




Five Prime Therapeutics



Vice President of Research







Sep-2001 to Apr-2004




Xencor



Vice President of Research








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Stephen K. DobersteinEducation (2)






1992



The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine


Biochemistry, Molecular and Cell Biology






1981



University of Delaware


Chemical Engineering









 Edit



Stephen K. DobersteinAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Stephen K. Doberstein






 Edit



Stephen K. DobersteinLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Stephen K. Doberstein









Stephen K. DobersteinInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Stephen K. Doberstein









Stephen K. DobersteinInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Stephen K. Doberstein








Stephen K. DobersteinRelated People








Colleagues at Nektar Therapeutics







Howard W. Robin

President and Chief Executive Officer
Jan-2007












View all 



Stephen K. DobersteinRecommended Market Profiles (8)








Telemedicine

10,000 or More employees
19 companies








Social Media Marketing (ChiefMartec.com)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
111 companies








Big Data Universe List of Lists

10,000 or More employees
533 companies








Aggregated Marketing Technology

10,000 or More employees
2650 companies








Shared Economy Landscape (Jeremiah Owyang)

10,000 or More employees
267 companies








Inside Sales Landscape

10,000 or More employees
650 companies





















Stephen K. Doberstein - Patents







 


  FREE patent keyword monitoring and additional FREE benefits.  REGISTER now for FREE 
 




    

















  



Browse Inventors:
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z






    SEARCH FreshPatents:   
  | Online Background Check



Stephen K. Doberstein patentsRecent bibliographic sampling of Stephen K. Doberstein patents listed/published in the public domain by the USPTO (USPTO Patent Application #,Title): 12/01/16 - 20160347837 - Optimized fc variants and methods for their generationThe present invention relates to optimized Fc variants, methods for their generation, and antibodies and Fc fusions comprising optimized Fc variants.... Inventors: Gregory Alan Lazar, Arthur J. Chirino, Wei Dang, John Desjarlais, Stephen K. Doberstein, Robert J. Hayes, Sher Bahadur Karki, Omid Vafa (Xencor, Inc.)12/01/16 - 20160347825 - Optimized fc variants and methods for their generationThe present invention relates to optimized Fc variants, methods for their generation, and antibodies and Fc fusions comprising optimized Fc variants.... Inventors: Gregory Alan Lazar, Arthur J. Chirino, Wei Dang, John Desjarlais, Stephen K. Doberstein, Robert J. Hayes, Sher Bahadur Karki, Omid Vafa (Xencor, Inc.)11/03/16 - 20160318993 - Optimized fc variants and methods for their generationThe present invention relates to optimized Fc variants, methods for their generation, and antibodies and Fc fusions comprising optimized Fc variants.... Inventors: Gregory Alan Lazar, Arthur J. Chirino, Wei Dang, John Desjarlais, Stephen K. Doberstein, Robert J. Hayes, Sher Bahadur Karki, Omid Vafa (Xencor, Inc.)04/07/16 - 20160096876 - Compositions and methods of treating disease with fgfr fusion proteinsThe invention provides FGFR fusion proteins, methods of making them, and methods of using them to treat proliferative disorders, including cancers and disorders of angiogenesis. The FGFR fusion molecules can be made in CHO cells and may comprise deletion mutations in the extracellular domains of the FGFRs which improve their... Inventors: Lewis T. Williams, Elizabeth Bosch, Stephen K. Doberstein, Kevin Hestir, Diane Hollenbaugh, Ernestine Lee, Minmin Qin, Ali Sadra, Justin Wong, Ge Wu, Hongbing Zhang (Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc.)03/19/15 - 20150079082 - Optimized fc variants and methods for their generationThe present invention relates to optimized Fc variants, methods for their generation, and antibodies and Fc fusions comprising optimized Fc variants.... Inventors: Gregory Alan Lazar, Arthur Chirino, Wei Dang, John Desjarlais, Stephen K. Doberstein, Robert J. Hayes, Sher Bahadur Karki, Omid Vafa (Xencor, Inc.)12/25/14 - 20140377256 - Optimized fc variants and methods for their generationThe present invention relates to optimized Fc variants, methods for their generation, and antibodies and Fc fusions comprising optimized Fc variants.... Inventors: Gregory Alan Lazar, Arthur J. Chirino, Wei Dang, John R. Desjarlais, Stephen K. Doberstein, Robert J. Hayes, Sher Bahadur Karki, Omid Vafa (Xencor, Inc.)12/18/14 - 20140370021 - Optimized fc variants and methods for their generationThe present invention relates to optimized Fc variants, methods for their generation, and antibodies and Fc fusions comprising optimized Fc variants.... Inventors: Gregory Alan Lazar, Arthur J. Chirino, Wei Dang, John Desjarlais, Stephen K. Doberstein, Robert J. Hayes, Sher Bahadur Karki, Omid Vafa (Xencor, Inc.)06/19/14 - 20140170145 - Compositions and methods of use for mgd-csf in disease treatmentDisclosed is a newly identified secreted molecule, identified herein as “monocyte, granulocyte, and dendritic cell colony stimulating factor” (MGD-CSF), the polypeptide sequence, and polynucleotides encoding the polypeptide sequence. Also provided is a procedure for producing the polypeptide by recombinant techniques employing, for example, vectors and host cells. Additionally, procedures are... Inventors: Dirk Behrens, Elizabeth Bosch, Stephen K. Doberstein, Robert Forgan Halenbeck, Kevin Hestir, Min Mei Huang, Ernestine Lee, Haishan Lin, Thomas Linnemann, Shannon Marshall, Justin Wong, Ge Wu, Aileen Zhou, Cindy Leo, Lewis T. Williams (Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc.)05/22/14 - 20140140995 - Compositions and methods of treating disease with fgfr fusion proteinsThe invention provides FGFR fusion proteins, methods of making them, and methods of using them to treat proliferative disorders, including cancers and disorders of angiogenesis. The FGFR fusion molecules can be made in CHO cells and may comprise deletion mutations in the extracellular domains of the FGFRs which improve their... Inventors: Lewis T. Williams, Elizabeth Bosch, Stephen K. Doberstein, Kevin Hestir, Diane Hollenbaugh, Ernestine Lee, Minmin Qin, Ali Sadra, Justin Wong, Ge Wu, Hongbing Zhang (Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc.)12/05/13 - 20130324701 - Compositions and methods of treating disease with fgfr fusion proteinsThe invention provides FGFR fusion proteins, methods of making them, and methods of using them to treat proliferative disorders, including cancers and disorders of angiogenesis. The FGFR fusion molecules can be made in CHO cells and may comprise deletion mutations in the extracellular domains of the FGFRs which improve their... Inventors: Lewis T. Williams, Elizabeth Bosch, Stephen K. Doberstein, Kevin Hestir, Diane Hollenbaugh, Ernestine Lee, Minmin Qin Qin, Ali Sadra, Justin Wong, Ge Wu, Hongbing Zhang Zhang (Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc.)09/19/13 - 20130243762 - Optimized fc variants and methods for their generationThe present invention relates to optimized Fc variants, methods for their generation, and antibodies and Fc fusions comprising optimized Fc variants.... Inventors: Gregory Alan Lazar, Arthur J. Chirino, Wei Dang, John Desjarlais, Stephen K. Doberstein, Robert J. Hayes, Sher Bahadur Karki, Omid Vafa (Xencor, Inc.)06/20/13 - 20130156758 - Optimized fc variants and methods for their generationThe present invention relates to optimized Fc variants, methods for their generation, and antibodies and Fc fusions comprising optimized Fc variants.... Inventors: Gregory Alan Lazar, Arthur J. Chirino, Wei Dang, John Desjarlais, Stephen K. Doberstein, Robert J. Hayes, Sher Bahadur Karki, Omid Vafa (Xencor, Inc.)06/20/13 - 20130156754 - Optimized fc variants and methods for their generationThe present invention relates to optimized Fc variants, methods for their generation, and antibodies and Fc fusions comprising optimized Fc variants.... Inventors: Gregory Alan Lazar, Arthur J. Chirino, Wei Dang, John Desjarlais, Stephen K. Doberstein, Robert J. Hayes, Sher Bahadur Karki, Omid Vafa (Xencor, Inc.)10/11/12 - 20120258071 - Compositions and methods of use for mgd-csf in disease treatmentDisclosed is a newly identified secreted molecule, identified herein as “monocyte, granulocyte, and dendritic cell colony stimulating factor” (MGD-CSF), the polypeptide sequence, and polynucleotides encoding the polypeptide sequence. Also provided is a procedure for producing the polypeptide by recombinant techniques employing, for example, vectors and host cells. Additionally, procedures are... Inventors: Dirk Behrens, Elizabeth Bosch, Stephen K. Doberstein, Robert Forgan Halenbeck, Kevin Hestir, Min Mei Huang, Ernestine Lee, Haishan Lin, Thomas Linnemann, Shannon Marshall, Justin G. P. Wong, Ge Wu, Aileen Zhou, Cindy Leo, Lewis T. Williams (Five Prime Therapeutics Inc.)01/06/11 - 20110003384 - Compositions and methods of use for mgd-csf in disease treatmentDisclosed is a newly identified secreted molecule, identified herein as “monocyte, granulocyte, and dendritic cell colony stimulating factor” (MGD-CSF), the polypeptide sequence, and polynucleotides encoding the polypeptide sequence. Also provided is a procedure for producing the polypeptide by recombinant techniques employing, for example, vectors and host cells. Additionally, procedures are... Inventors: Dirk Behrens, Elizabeth Bosch, Stephen K. Doberstein, Robert Forgan Halenbeck, Kevin Hestir, Min Mei Huang, Ernestine Lee, Haishan Lin, Thomas Linnemann, Shannon Marshall, Justin G. P. Wong, Ge Wu, Aileen Zhou, Cindy Leo, Lewis T. Williams (Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc.)11/19/09 - 20090286954 - Human cdna clones comprising polynucleotides encoding polypeptides and methods of their useThe invention provides novel human full-length cDNA clones, novel polynucleotides, related polypeptides, related nucleic acid and polypeptide compositions, and related modulators, such as antibodies and small molecule modulators. The invention also provides methods to make and use these cDNA clones, polynucleotides, polypeptides, related compositions, and modulators. These methods include diagnostic,... Inventors: Lewis T. Williams, Keting Chu, Ernestine Lee, Kevin Hestir, Justin Wong, Stephen K. Doberstein (Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc.)
Xencor, Inc., Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc., Five Prime Therapeutics Inc.Archived* (*May have duplicates - we are upgrading our archive.)
  	20120258071 - Compositions and methods of use for mgd-csf in disease treatment ###The bibliographic references displayed about Stephen K. Doberstein's patents are for a recent sample of Stephen K. Doberstein's publicly published patent applications. The inventor/author may have additional bibliographic citations listed at the USPTO.gov. FreshPatents.com is not associated or affiliated in any way with the author/inventor or the United States Patent/Trademark Office but is providing this non-comprehensive sample listing for educational and research purposes using public bibliographic data published and disseminated from the United States Patent/Trademark Office public datafeed. This information is also available for free on the USPTO.gov website.  If Stephen K. Doberstein filed recent patent applications under another name, spelling or location then those applications could be listed on an alternate page. If no bibliographic references are listed here, it is possible there are no recent filings or there is a technical issue with the listing--in that case, we recommend doing a search on the USPTO.gov website. ###Sign up for the FreshPatents.com FREE Keyword Monitor and check for keyword phrases (ie. "RFID" , "wireless", "web development", "fuel cells" etc.)...You will be notified when new patent applications and inventions are published that match your keywords. Also you can save for later research public patent/invention documents using our FREE Organizer. It takes only 30 seconds to sign up or login.Advertise on FreshPatents.com - Rates & Info###Design/code © 2014 FreshContext LLC/Freshpatents.com.Patent data source: patents published by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)Information published here is for research/educational purposes only (and in conjunction with our Keyword Monitor) and is not meant to be used in place of the full USPTO patent document/images or a comprehensive patent archive search. Complete official applications are on file at the USPTO and may contain additional data/images. FreshPatents.com is not affiliated with or endorsed by the USPTO or firms/individuals or products/designs/ideas related to listed patents and there may be applicable trademarks or servicemarks within the documents.FreshPatents.com Support - Terms & Conditions





