










 







Interview with Roch Doliveux, UCB - PMLiVE












































































































 
 




















 
 










 













PMGroup
PMECommuniquéThe DirectoryQuality in Care
How to AdvertisePrivacy and cookies
My AccountRegister
 


Please login to the form below






					 
                Not currently logged in

Email: 

Password: 




I have forgotten my password
 













PME
Communiqué
The Directory
Digital Disruption: Changing the game in healthcare

 








Advanced search
 


Home
News
Intelligence
Thought leadership
Appointments
Awards
Blogs
Clinical
Top Pharma List
PMHub
Jobs
 


Thought Leadership
Research
Sales
Marketing
Regulatory
Healthcare
 


Trending

Communiqué Results 2017Mixed news for pharmaSpark closes on gene therapy approvalFDA rejects romosozumabBiosimilars eat into J&J's Remicade sales
 





Interview with Roch Doliveux, UCB
Why is patient-centricity placed at the heart of UCB? Jacky Law asked UCB’s CEO to explain his company’s philosophy 

I really believe the industry is at an inflection point, driven by patent expiries and a dramatic decrease in R&D productivity. That is compounded by external pressures on budgets, pricing, healthcare reforms and public opinion in the US, for example. This whole set of issues is putting huge pressure on the business model and every company has to find its own way of moving forward. Ageing populations are creating a new set of medical demands. There are large unmet needs in diseases of the brain, neurology disorders, oncology and metabolic disorders, none of which is being properly addressed today. Other dimensions to all of this concern the huge opportunities presented by the discovery of the genome and the new approach to the discovery of medicines that is emerging from that. UCB has had to face this inflection point before other companies because we have been through most of our patent expiries already. Plus, we have the advantage of a stable shareholder base, as the company is family-controlled, which allows us to look for answers not only in the short term, but also in the long term. So, what is our answer? I am not saying this is the answer; it may not apply to other companies. But the UCB answer has been to learn from successful companies in consumer-facing industries. Our consumer is the patient and, while there are some different characteristics, such as the patient not always being the decision maker, the patient is becoming increasingly informed. By focusing on the patient, you are also addressing genuine and severe unmet needs. If you really focus on the patient, this leads to a clear differentiation of your products so that they have impact on the most severe diseases and the biggest issues that patients have to overcome. Roch Doliveux, UCB, on patient centricity in the pharmaceutical industry    Everything derives from that. Patient-centricity is really nothing more than putting the patient at the heart of everything we do. And I mean everything that we do. Nor do we call our customers 'patients'. They are people who live with severe diseases. If we put people at the centre and do that well, everything else follows. If we address their medical needs, if we help them and make a difference to their lives, market share follows, profits follow, shareholder returns follow. That is why we start with that.  Also, we had strengths to build on. The notion of anchoring capabilities was already there. Companies are like people; you build on your strengths. And we had good fertile ground to move into patient-centricity. This key driver of the new business model suits us. Patient-centricity manifests in everything we do, from research to manufacturing, to support functions, to communication. Everyone and everything starts with patient-centricity: the way we market our products, how we allocate resources, it is always with that in mind. We ask how we can make a difference to the lives of patients. It is not something we declared; it is something that has built over time. We stated this approach publicly for the first time when we joined forces with Celltech in 2004 and needed to clarify where we were going. But it is a never-ending process. As long as there are patients suffering, we need to find answers. It is not just thinking about people in a charitable way. We want to make a difference. Crohn's and Me [UCB partners with patientslikeme.com] is one manifestation of our approach. Crohn's advocates make a difference to people's lives.  Another example that shows how patient-centricity can function is the discovery of anti-sclerostin. The discovery of anti-sclerostin started from a rare disease that occurs among a very small population of South Africans. They have a condition whereby they build bone. They are a big and sturdy people who do not have bone fractures. We looked at that population and identified the gene defect and the protein coded by that gene. We then developed the antibody which can help people who lose bone. We mimic the gene defect and apply reverse engineering to build quality bone. The whole process started with people. We didn't start with charts, thinking through receptors or mapping genes. We started with people. When you think of Apple being a great innovator or BMW in the car industry, or Cisco, there is a pattern of always combining great technology and great customer intimacy. We want to understand all aspects of people, from their genes to their behaviours, to knowing about the other diseases they suffer from and then understand how you bring that back into the research process. It is embedded in our research thinking. We bring people that deal with diseases into our labs but I would say it is more to foster a sense of urgency than to trigger the big turning point in the discovery of new treatments. This is very different to the old approach. Take schizophrenia. The old business model of pharma had been to find a drug by making rats schizophrenic. I am a veterinary surgeon by background. I don't remember schizophrenia being a big issue in rats. The whole thinking forced the creation of an artificial disease, but do rats display the same traits as humans? I don't think so. The whole approach we once had in our industry has come to an end.  UCB is focused on the neurology and immunology therapy areas. We have just launched three new medicines: Cimzia for rheumatoid arthritis and Crohn's disease; Vimpat for epilepsy and Neupro for Parkinson's disease and Restless Leg Syndrome. The launches are rightly recognised as successful so the key for us is to continue on that path and strengthen the pipeline. We had four new drugs licensed in 2008. The year 2010 was an impressive one for pipeline progress because all our products developed, including new ones coming into the pipeline. We are gradually rebuilding our late-stage pipeline with epratuzumab, a Lupus treatment, and we have a new epilepsy drug moving into phase III. Towards the end of 2010, we announced the anti-sclerostin product was moving faster than we thought. Results from phase IIb will come in the second half of 2011. The late stage pipeline is starting to build up again.  Let's talk about joint working and what is important for pharmaceutical companies to work together successfully. Collaboration is about forming alliances with people who have strengths that complement our strengths. We have been able to blend internal and external collaborations and build innovative partnerships with smaller companies in order to get access to newer products. In our discovery organisation, we have literally hundreds of partnerships with small start-ups, university departments and so on. Science is now so complex that no company can harness everything on its own. The notion behind our partnerships is always to ask what we are good at and then build on that. Anything we need to complement that core approach, we go and get it, where it exists. With anti-sclerostin, for example, we had no bone disease expertise in our development organisation, hence we made a partnership with Amgen. And through our immunology research, we found compounds that had application in oncology. So we put them with Wilex, which is an oncology biotech company, and can get them back when they have been taken to proof of concept. We've also done a deal with Synosia Therapeutics, which is focused on Parkinson's disease. We took a stake giving us access to some of their pipeline products while leaving them to manage themselves, thereby building on their strengths.  Though Keppra is now off patent in the US and going off patent in the EU in 2011, it will still be a significant product for many years to come because we are launching in Japan, we still have significant growth in the large emerging markets and even though it is generic in the US, we still sell there because established patients don't want to switch from one brand to another.  UCB sold off some of its businesses in emerging markets to GlaxoSmithKline. Now, we basically have three areas that are key for us: the US, Europe, and the large emerging markets of China, Korea, India, Mexico, Turkey, Russia, plus Japan. We sold our businesses in smaller countries such as Malaysia and Indonesia, as well as in the Middle East and Africa. A company our size can't do everything. We are a mid-size company and we must focus on the essence of what we do. Roch Doliveux, UCB, on company growth and patient centricity  We have made some cutbacks in the past few years. Now, growth will be driven by new products such as Cimizia, Vimpat and Neupro for many years to come; plus, the late-stage products are also expected to come in. Our largest  patent expiries – the trigger to make big changes - were going to occur (and did occur) in 2008 (Zyrtec US) and 2009 (Keppra US).The first measure we took to ensure long-term growth was to transform completely from a diversified chemical group into a pure high-end biopharma company specialising in neurology and immunology. That was done between 2004 and 2006 by divesting all non-pharma businesses and acquiring Celltech and Schwarz Pharma. What we've done is create a new company out of three different entities. This is different from usual acquisitions, two-thirds of which fail. The figures suggest ours is a success. Take Cimzia, for example, which is a much bigger product now than either the market, or we, thought when we bought Celltech. It is the same with Vimpat. Peak sales were once €350m; now, estimates are at least €1.2bn.  We put the companies together by building on each other's strengths. There are now 8,000 people in UCB and less than one third (and I am part of that third) were here seven years ago. Two-thirds of the people are new or had a Celltech or Schwarz payslip. Of the executive committee, only I was there seven years ago. I had just joined. On the Board, only four people were there seven years ago. The amount of change has been radical. The good news is that we are now starting to reap the benefits with the new launches and what is in the pipeline. All the discovery work is bearing fruit. I have a positive view of the R&D prospects in the UK. We are one of the top investors in R&D there. Early on, we recognised that Slough was home to an important centre of excellence for Celltech, so we decided to beef up our discovery capability for the long-term. In effect, UCB has doubled its R&D investment in the UK since 2004. Roch Doliveux, UCB, on patient centricity's effect on marketing  The beauty of focusing on severe diseases is that we can compete with the biggest pharma companies in the world and match them because there are less specialists. When you visit a specialist twice a month, a mid-size company can compete. In most countries, we no longer have primary care reps and we don't intend to create such a force, so when we do need them, we partner with big pharma.  Being patient-centric and really thinking about people is both an enabler and a huge pressure. The enabler is that it unleashes energy when you say you are making a difference in people's lives, but it is also a pressure. If you are genuinely customer-centric, if you care about individuals, it is a big responsibility. Vimpat treats a subset of epilepsy, partial onset seizures. One in three patients has this refractory type of seizure. If you provide a new medicine for that, every patient who still has these seizures is one too many. That is our aspiration. The real winning starts with the science and then the key is just getting the payers, prescribers and, in the US, the patient, to know that this is available. It is not necessarily just us who promotes our products; it is also others. If the science is out, it is out.  I think my best decision as CEO has been to create a truly patient-centric company, because medicines are always about people. Biography       •    A Doctor in Veterinarian Medicine from Maisons-Alfort (France), Roch Doliveux is also Laureate of the Faculty of Medicine, Créteil, and holds an MBA from INSEAD (France) with distinction. •    He joined the pharmaceutical industry early in his career, first at Ciba-Geigy (now Novartis) in Switzerland, Peru and France. Then he held various positions at Schering-Plough Corporation, including president of Schering-Plough International. Next, he moved to the Pierre Fabre group as chief executive officer of Pierre Fabre Pharmaceuticals. •    Roch Doliveux joined UCB in October 2003 as director general of the Pharma Sector and deputy chairman of the executive committee. He became CEO and chairman of the executive Committee of UCB Group on January 1, 2005. •    He is a member of the board of directors of UCB, a member of the board of Stryker Corporation, a US listed company, as well as a member of the board of the European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA), the Innovative Medicines Initiative (IMI), which is a public-private partnership between the European Union and EFPIA, WELBIO (Walloon Excellence in Life sciences and Biotechnology), the INSEAD International Council, Science & Business Innovation board and the Caring Entrepreneurship Fund (King Baudouin Foundation).      The InterviewerJacky Law is a freelance writer specialising in the pharmaceutical industry To comment on this article, email pme@pmlive.com








 












Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.






9th March 2011

From: 
Research, Sales




Share







 





 Print Friendly 









Tags




Related content



                FDA rejects Amgen's osteoporosis hope romosozumab


                UCB adds website for its Facebook-based Parkinson's community


                Steve Arnold joins UCB from Gilead


                Investing in the future of R&D


                Hanover wins UCB pitch







PME Digital Edition
 











Featured jobs




















*Middleweight Copywriter*


Competitive Salary




Principal Medical Writer – Medical Communications

Salary TBC




Principal Medical Writer


Great salary and benefits




Head of Healthcare – Healthcare PR and Communications

Neg




Director - Client Services - Healthcare Advertising

Neg




Account Manager, Healthcare Communications

£32, 000 - £40, 000 bonus benefits




Director of Rare Diseases, Healthcare Agency, London

Excellent Package




Group Account Director or Client Services Director – Healthcare ...

£80, 000 – £110, 000 benefits




Scientific Director


£70, 000 - £85, 000




Senior Medical Writer, Medical Communications Agency

£40, 000 - £45, 000 benefits




Head of Digital Health – Patient Engagement (Healthcare Communic...

Neg




*ACCOUNT MANAGER*


Competitive Salary Offered




Senior Account Manager, highly regarded Medical Communications a...

Excellent Package




Senior Science Writer – Healthcare Advertising

Salary TBC




Principal Consultant, Office/ Home based role, Award winning com...

up to £100K




Senior Vice President – Healthcare PR - USA

Neg




Senior Account Manager/ Account Director – Pharma and Life Scien...

Competitive Salary




Business Director - (Healthcare Advertising)

Neg




Group Account Director, Healthcare Advertising/ Brand Comms, Lon...

Substantiel Package




Director of Client Services - Healthcare Advertising

Neg




Business Unit Director – Strategic Medical Communications (MedCo...

Neg




SAD – Ethical Healthcare PR – Top Global Agency!

Salary TBC




Account Manager – Healthcare PR – Strategic Comms Consultancy...

Salary TBC




Health Economist, Office/ Home based role, Award winning company...

up to £100K




*PROJECT MANAGER/ ACCOUNT MANAGER*


Competitive Salary Offered








Medical Writer, Healthcare Advertising Agency
£30, 000 – £35, 000 benefits

Account Manager / Account Director
Great salary and benefits

Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK
Excellent Package

Healthcare Account Manager - Medical Education
Up to £35k dependent on experience




  
Subscribe to our email news alerts




Most read
Most shared
Latest content



CHMP backs three immuno-oncology drugs for solid tumoursCommuniqué Awards 2017: Results - Communiqué AwardsBiosimilars eat into J&J's Remicade salesShake-up at GSK could claim antibiotics unit and UK facilitiesManaging medication non-adherenceRace to CGRP migraine drug finish line enters the final straight



Shock for AZ as MYSTIC trial stumbles at first hurdleOcrevus off to a flying start as Roche raises 2017 forecastsNovartis and Bayer among backers for European big data projectUK appoints pharma veteran to 'streamline' NHS costsPublicis Health makes senior UK promotionsFuture Thinking appoints Mohamed Muhsin as UK pharma head











  
PMHubAdd my company


Any category...
Advertising
Branding
Clinical research
Conferences meetings events
Creative and design
Digital communications
Homecare
Industry associations
IT solutions
Management consultancies
Manufacturing packaging logistics
Market access
Market research
Marketing consultancies
Media planning and buying
Medical communications
Medical education
Patient support and adherence
Pharmacy
Print services
Policy and government affairs
Public relations
Publishers
Recruitment and career development
Regulatory affairs
Research and development
Sales
Training
Translation services






mXm Medical Communications

mXm Medical Communications meets the needs of pharmaceutical marketers and medics who require a highly experienced, bespoke service from their...  Latest intelligence


Launching the next big thing in vascular intervention
A case study by Create Health...

Are patients ready for digital doctors?
How can technology truly benefit health delivery?...

The Pharma Multi-channel Marketing Maturity Model
Download our Pharma Multi-channel Marketing Maturity Model which provides a useful one-page ready-reckoner to see where you are on your multi-channel marketing journey....

Quick links

Country reports
Digital Handbook

The Gallery
Healthcare glossary
How to advertise


HTA guidance tracker
Orphan drugs and rare diseases
PME supplements
Social media hub
Webinars


Infographics




Multimedia<>


Webinar: Customer engagement designCommuniqué Awards 2015: Winners in picturesCommuniqué Awards 2015: GalleryPMEA 2015: Winners in picturesPMEA 2015: Pictures



 









About usContact usHow to advertiseSite mapAll content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2017






















Roch Doliveux, Schwarz Pharma AG: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





























Feedback





Roch Doliveux

Deputy Chairman-Supervisory Board,
Schwarz Pharma AG






Career History




Deputy Chairman-Supervisory Board
Schwarz Pharma AG, PRESENT


Co-Chief Executive Officer
Ucb SA, 1/2005-1/2015


Chairman
Ucb Japan, UNKNOWN-1/2015


Dir General:Pharma Sector
Ucb SA, 10/2003-1/2005


Chairman
Celltech Group Ltd, 12/2004-12/2004


Chief Executive Officer
Pierre Fabre Pharmaceuticals, FORMER


President
Schering-Plough Intl, FORMER


Chairman
Ucbh Holdings Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.ucb.com






Corporate Information
Address:

Alfred-Nobel-Strasse 10
Monheim, D-40789
Germany


Phone:
49-2173-48-0


Fax:
49-2173-48-1608


Web url:
www.ucb.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Paris Est
Bachelor's Degree, Medicine


Ecole Nationale Veterinaire
PhD


INSEAD
Master's Degree, Business


Show More








Memberships



Board Memberships




Schwarz Pharma AG


Deputy Chairman, PRESENT




Schwarz Pharma AG


Deputy Chairman, PRESENT




Stryker Corp


Board Member, 6/2010-PRESENT




Ucb Japan


Chairman, UNKNOWN-1/2015




Ucb Lux S.A


Board Member, UNKNOWN-1/2015




Ucb Pharma SA/France


Board Member, UNKNOWN-1/2015




Ucb Farchim SA


Board Member, UNKNOWN-1/2015




Fin Ucb SA


Board Member, UNKNOWN-1/2015




Ucb SA


Board Member, 12/2004-1/2015




Celltech Group Ltd


Chairman, 12/2004-12/2004




Celltech Group PLC


Board Member, 7/2004-8/2004




Ucbh Holdings Inc


Chairman, FORMER



Show More





Other Memberships




Innovative Medicines Initiative 


Chairman




European Federation of Pharmaceutical Association 


Board Member




Welbio


Member




Science & Business Innovation


Board Member




Insead International Council 


Member




Caring Entrepreneurship Fund (King Baudouin Foundation)


Member



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































Roch F. Doliveux - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Roch F. Doliveux
Board Member at Stryker Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Roch F. Doliveux? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Roch F. Doliveux's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Roch F. Doliveux's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Roch F. Doliveux's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Roch F. Doliveux through your network of contacts.
												








Roch F. Doliveux's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Stryker Corporation


Past
To view Roch F. Doliveux's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 M.B.A., 
															INSEAD


Age
60

 
 


Roch F. Doliveux's Biography



Former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Executive Committee of UCB S.A., a global biopharmaceutical company, from 2005 through 2014. Prior thereto, he was Chief Executive Officer of Pierre Fabre Pharmaceuticals and President of Schering-Plough International, a subsidiary of Schering-Plough Corporation, now Merck and Co. He is Chairman of the GLG Healthcare Institute, a community of senior executives for experience sharing and learning and Vice Chairman of the Board of the Vlerick Business School, a top-100 business school in the world based in Belgium.

Dr. Doliveux has extensive experience in life science and healthcare companie ...
(Read More)

			Former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Executive Committee of UCB S.A., a global biopharmaceutical company, from 2005 through 2014. Prior thereto, he was Chief Executive Officer of Pierre Fabre Pharmaceuticals and President of Schering-Plough International, a subsidiary of Schering-Plough Corporation, now Merck and Co. He is Chairman of the GLG Healthcare Institute, a community of senior executives for experience sharing and learning and Vice Chairman of the Board of the Vlerick Business School, a top-100 business school in the world based in Belgium.

Dr. Doliveux has extensive experience in life science and healthcare companies, including product management, global marketing, research and development, and strategic and organizational change management. His exposure to business in many geographies and cultures is very valuable as Stryker seeks to expand its global presence.
		
Source: Stryker Corporation on 03/20/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Roch F. Doliveux's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Roch F. Doliveux. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Roch F. Doliveux's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Roch F. Doliveux's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Roch F. Doliveux through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Roch F. Doliveux


















Roch F. Doliveux's Connections (194)





Sign up now to view Roch F. Doliveux's 194 connections »









Richard J. Kogan
Former Chief Executive Officer and President, Merck & Co., Inc.









Paul J. Hastings
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President, OncoMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Jean-Pierre Kinet
Board Member, Onxeo SA









Steven J. Mento
Dir., President, Chief Executive Officer and Acting Principal Financial Officer, Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc.









Gerhard N. Mayr
Former Executive Vice President, Pharmaceutical Operations, Lilly









Dean H. Bergy
Former Vice President and Corporate Secretary, Stryker Corporation









Raul E. Cesan
Board Member, The New York Times Company









Kleanthis G. Xanthopoulos
Board Member, Apricus Biosciences, Inc.









Howard L. Lance
Board Member, MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates Ltd.









Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

















Management | UCB








 

































Top of this page

Skip navigation, go straight to the content





UCB - Inspired by patients. Driven by science.
Menu



Our Company

About usKey factsHistoryManagementCorporate Societal ResponsibilityPartneringSuppliersFundingDisclosure of payments



Disease Areas

Disease areas



Our Science

Our sciencePipelineOur clinical studies




UCB Worldwide

                    Search
                
                    Login
                


Our Products

Products



Newsroom

OverviewPress ReleasesUCB StoriesStory videosResourcesContact



Patients

Patient ProgrammesLife storiesSupport toolsClinical Trials



Investors

OverviewOur equity storyUCB financialsUCB GovernanceOur shareholdersDownload centerIR team





FOLLOW US ON

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
RSS



Careers
Contact us


                © 2007 – 2017 UCB S.A., Belgium. All rights reserved.
            





















Our Company
About us
Key facts
History
Management
Corporate Societal Responsibility
Reporting
Patients
Environment
CSR Fund

Partnering
Suppliers
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
China
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Japan
India
Ireland
Italy
Korea
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Mexico
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Singapore
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Turkey
UK
USA
Requisition to Pay Process
Our Team
Become our supplier

Funding
USA
Other countries

Disclosure of payments
Denmark
Belgium
Finland
Sweden
Hungary
Italy
Netherlands
Ukraine
Ireland
Norway
Romania

Disease Areas
Disease areas

Our Science
Our science
Pipeline
Our clinical studies

Our Products
Products

Newsroom
Overview
Press Releases
UCB Stories
Story videos
UCB Stories 5
December 2016
October 2016
UCB Stories 4

Resources
Contact

Healthcare Professionals
HCP Overview
How can I prevent, limit and manage Impulse Control disorders (ICDs) in people living with Parkinson's disease?

Patients
Patient Programmes
Life stories
Support tools
Clinical Trials

Investors
Overview
Our equity story
UCB financials
UCB Governance
Our shareholders
Shareholders meeting 2012
Shareholders meeting 2013
Shareholders meeting 2014
Shareholders meeting 2016

Download center
IR team

Careers
Applying to UCB


Search






Healthcare Professionals
HCP Overview
How can I prevent, limit and manage Impulse Control disorders (ICDs) in people living with Parkinson's disease?

Patients
Patient Programmes
Life stories
Support tools
Clinical Trials

Investors
Overview
Our equity story
UCB financials
UCB Governance
Our shareholders
Shareholders meeting 2012
Shareholders meeting 2013
Shareholders meeting 2014
Shareholders meeting 2016

Download center
IR team

Careers
Applying to UCBFacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedInRSS


Scroll down to discover UCB


Mobile Menu
Search
UCB - Inspired by patients. Driven by science.



About usKey factsHistoryManagementCorporate Societal ResponsibilityPartneringSuppliersFundingDisclosure of payments 







Our Company
•
                                                                            Management                                    




Executive Committee








Jean-Christophe Tellier
Chief Executive Officer andChairman of the Executive CommitteeJoined UCB in June 2011Appointed as CEO in January 2015
Biography -  Jean-Christophe Tellier


Emmanuel Caeymaex
Executive Vice PresidentImmunology - Patient Value Unit HeadJoined UCB in March 1994Appointed in February 2015
Biography - Emmanuel Caeymaex



Fabrice Enderlin
Chief Talent OfficerJoined UCB in January 2008Appointed in March 2008
Biography - Fabrice Enderlin








Ismail Kola
Chief Scientific OfficerJoined UCB in November 2009Appointed in November 2009
Biography - Ismail Kola


Iris Loew-Friedrich
Executive Vice PresidentChief Medical OfficerJoined UCB in September 2006Appointed in March 2008
Biography - Iris Loew-Friedrich



Pascale Richetta
Executive Vice PresidentHead of the Bone Patient ValueUnitJoined UCB in February 2016Appointed in February 2016
Biography - Pascale Richetta








Anna S. Richo
Executive Vice PresidentGeneral CounselJoined UCB in November 2012Appointed in November 2012
Biography - Anna S. Richo


Bharat Tewarie
Executive Vice President Chief Marketing OfficerJoined UCB in March 2015Appointed in March 2015
Biography - Bharat Tewarie



Detlef Thielgen
Executive Vice President Chief Financial OfficerJoined UCB in September 2006Appointed in January 2007
Biography - Detlef Thielgen








Charl van Zyl
Executive Vice PresidentChief Operating OfficerJoined UCB in March 2017Appointed in March 2017
Biography - Charl van Zyl


Jeff Wren
Executive Vice President  Neurology – Patient Value Unit HeadJoined UCB in 2010 Appointed in February 2015
Biography - Jeff Wren



                			 
                		







 


 



 



 



Legal notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Sitemap
Contact Us
UCB Worldwide


        © 2007 - 2017 UCB S.A., Belgium. All rights reserved
    

                Last updated on: July, 03, 2017    




















 
			Corporate Governance
		 - 
			Board of Directors
 : Stryker
	





































It seems like you are using an older browser, please update your browser for a better user experience.























Select Your Country USA | English 











AboutAbout Stryker


About Stryker

2016 Annual Review
Awards
Board of Directors
Corporate Compliance
History
Management
Mission & Values
Newsroom
Partner Organizations
Social Responsibility





InvestorsInvestor Information


Investor Information

Contact our Ethics Hotline
Corporate Governance
Corporate Policies
Events & Presentations
Financial Information
Information Requests
Investor Relations Contacts
Press Releases
Proxy Materials
SEC Filings & Ownership Reports
Stock Information





Products Capabilities


Browse by :
								
Capability
Business Group





Reconstructive

Hips & Knees
Trauma & Extremities
Foot & Ankle
Sports Medicine
Orthobiologics & Biosurgery
Performance Solutions
Shoulder



Medical & Surgical

Power Tools
Surgical Equipment
Computer Assisted Surgery
Minimally Invasive Surgical Solutions
Integration & Connectivity
Patient Care, Patient Handling & EMS
Infection and Injury Prevention
Reprocessing & Remanufacturing



Neurotechnology & Spine

Craniomaxillofacial
Interventional Spine
Neurosurgical, Spine & ENT
Neurovascular
Spinal Implants






Stryker Neurovascular Intervention
Stryker Neuro, Spine & ENT
Stryker Orthobiologics
Stryker Orthopaedics
Stryker Performance Solutions
Stryker Prevention (Sage)
Stryker Spine
Stryker Surgical
Stryker Sustainability Solutions
Stryker Trauma & Extremities




Stryker Communications
Stryker Craniomaxillofacial
Stryker EMS
Stryker Endoscopy
Stryker Evacuation
Stryker Foot & Ankle
Stryker Interventional Spine
Stryker Medical
Stryker Navigation






SolutionsStryker Solutions

Stryker Solutions


Stryker leverages our broad base of innovative products and services to offer solutions with enduring value.


AIM Platform
The iSuite Experience
Planning & Design





Service


Education & Training Patients & Medical Professionals 



Patients

Single Portal Arthroscopy
Patient Stories
Get Around Knee
About Stryker
Helping Backs
Understanding Spine Surgery



Medical Professionals

Training Calendar
Stryker's Education Channel
Stryker LEARN
Interventional Spine
Stryker Europe's Medical Education
Plastic Surgery Hyperguide





Careers


Contact  Contact Stryker


Contact Stryker

Contact Us
Ethics Hotline
Product Experience
Worldwide Sites













Home
For Investors
Corporate Governance








Board of Directors










Analyst Estimates



Annual Report & Fact Book



Calendar of Events



Contact & Info Request



Contact our Ethics Hotline



Corporate Governance



Board of Directors


Bylaws


Charters


Corporate Governance Guidelines


Code of Conduct 


Code of Ethics


Equity-Based Compensation Awards Granting Policy


Corporate Policies



Dividend History



Fundamentals



Glossary



Management



Press Releases



Proxy Materials



Quotes



SEC Filings & Ownership Reports









 


Dr. Roch Doliveux


Director since 2010



Former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Executive Committee of UCB S.A., a global biopharmaceutical company, from 2005 through 2014. Prior thereto, he was Chief Executive Officer of Pierre Fabre Pharmaceuticals and President of Schering-Plough International, a subsidiary of Schering-Plough Corporation, now Merck and Co. He is Chairman of the GLG Healthcare Institute, a community of senior executives for experience sharing and learning and Vice Chairman of the Board of the Vlerick Business School, a top-100 business school in the world based in Belgium.
Dr. Doliveux has extensive experience in life science and healthcare companies, including product management, global marketing, research and development, and strategic and organizational change management. His exposure to business in many geographies and cultures is very valuable as Stryker seeks to expand its global presence.




















ABOUT 
Fact Sheet
Board of Directors 
Social Responsibility 
Compliance 




SOLUTIONS 
AIM Platform
The iSuite Experience
Planning & Design




CAREERS 
All Jobs
College Recruitment




CONTACT US
ProCare® Service
Product Experience
Ethics Hotline
Worldwide Sites




TERMS OF USE 
Privacy Statement
 Surgeon Disclaimer
Sitemap




CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY 
Stryker Code of Conduct
 Supplier Transparency
 Unique Device Identification (UDI)
 AdvaMed Code of Ethics Effective 1 Jul 09
 Rejuvenate/ABG II Modular-Neck Stem Information
 Neptune Waste Management System Class 1 Recall



 
				 
				

© Stryker 1998-



























        UCB Names EVP Tellier as Successor to CEO Doliveux | GEN
    










































Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News








                                            The Prodrug Opportunity: Making Good Drugs Better
                                        



                                            Reducing the Need for Clinical Bioequivalence Endpoint Studies
                                        



                                            Is Calcium the Achilles Heel for Clostridium Infections?
                                        



                                            Literature Review: Organs-On-Chips Marching In
                                        





                                            GEN Quiz: Evaluate Your Knowledge on Cancer, Obesity, and CRISPR Movies
                                        



                                            PCR Optimization 2.0
                                        



                                            HCV Drug Therapy and the DNA Base Excision Repair System
                                        



                                            3D Hydrogels for Tissue-Specific Cartilage Repair
                                        











Exclusives
Looking at the CAR-T Landscape as First ...







                                            The Prodrug Opportunity: Making Good Drugs Better
                                        



                                            Reducing the Need for Clinical Bioequivalence Endpoint Studies
                                        



                                            Is Calcium the Achilles Heel for Clostridium Infections?
                                        



                                            Literature Review: Organs-On-Chips Marching In
                                        





                                            GEN Quiz: Evaluate Your Knowledge on Cancer, Obesity, and CRISPR Movies
                                        



                                            PCR Optimization 2.0
                                        



                                            HCV Drug Therapy and the DNA Base Excision Repair System
                                        



                                            3D Hydrogels for Tissue-Specific Cartilage Repair
                                        











News
Cell-Based Therapies Soften Up Cancer by...







                                            “Pancreas in a Dish” Tells Story of How Metastatic Cells Turn Back Time
                                        



                                            Bacterial Cell Shape Influenced by Mechanical Stress
                                        



                                            Astellas Shutting Agensys Research Operations, Axing 220 Employees in Retreat from ADCs
                                        



                                            Stand Up To Cancer, Lustgarten Foundation Award $2M to Pancreatic Cancer Research Team
                                        





                                            A Gene Fix for a Mouse Model of Duchenne?
                                        



                                            Only as Old as the Brain’s Stem Cells Feel
                                        



                                            Lonza Starts Construction on Biological Manufacturing and Development Complex
                                        



                                            ChromEMT Created to Visualize How Cancer Proteins Lead to Disease
                                        











The Lists
Top 10 Immuno-Oncology Collaborations







                                            25 Clinical Failures of Q1 2017
                                        



                                            60 Biotech and Biopharma Recruiters
                                        



                                            The Top 15 Best-Selling Drugs of 2016
                                        



                                            Top 10 European Biopharma Clusters
                                        





                                            Top Eight Asia Biopharma Clusters 2017
                                        



                                            Top 10 Under 40
                                        



                                            Top 10 U.S. Biopharma Clusters
                                        



                                            10 Takeover Targets for 2017
                                        











Magazine
Panasonic Launches New Dual-Compressor F...







                                            Optimizing the Delivery of Peptide-Based Therapeutics
                                        



                                            GEN Roundup: Top Trends in Tissue Engineering
                                        



                                            Gene Therapy: A New Twist on an Old Helix
                                        



                                            Manufacturing of AAV Vectors for Gene Therapy
                                        





                                            Advancing 3D Cell Culture for Biomedical Research Using Primary Cells
                                        



                                            Short Stories to Peruse—With Info You Might Use....
                                        



                                            Insights
                                        



                                            Accelerating Novel Therapeutic Discovery
                                        



Current Issue » 
Past Issues » 












More GEN


Video


Webinars


Subscribe to GEN









                                        Podcasts
                                    



                                        Best Apps
                                    



                                        Polls
                                    



                                        Events
                                    





                                        New Products
                                    



                                        eBooks
                                    



                                        BioPerspectives
                                    



                                        Best of the Web
                                    





















Subscribe


GEN Select Login/Register







Leading the Way in Life Science Technologies


Facebook


Twitter


LinkedIn


YouTube


Google+


RSS





















 GEN Exclusives
 More »




 
3D Hydrogels for Tissue-Specific Cartilage Repair
Stanford Engineers Successfully Encapsulate Cartilage-Forming Chondrocytes and Mesenchymal Stem Cells in 3D Hydrogels


 
Biomarker Platforms Advance Immuno-Oncology
Improved Cancer Immunodiagnostics and Immunotherapeutics Depend on Biomarker Discovery


 
PCR Optimization 2.0
Optimization of Denaturation Temperature Can Enhance PCR Assays


 
DNA Fab Keeps Getting More Fab
DNA Fabrication Keeps Improving, Thanks to Innovations in Biosensors, DNA Nanoswitches, and Microfluidic Chips












GEN News Highlights

More »


        February 20, 2014
    

        UCB Names EVP Tellier as Successor to CEO Doliveux
    









UCB today disclosed its CEO succession plan, with current CEO Roch Doliveux set to be succeeded after 10 years at the helm by Jean-Christophe Tellier, now the company’s evp, Biopharma Brands and Solutions.
Tellier will hold the title of chief executive officer-elect and chairman of the executive committee as of March 1, where he is expected to work alongside Doliveux before ascending to CEO on Jan. 1, 2015. Tellier will also be nominated for UCB’s board of directors at its next annual general meeting of shareholders on April 24.
Tellier joined UCB in 2011 from Ipsen, where he was president and general manager. His ascension to CEO caps a 25-year pharma industry career that started in 1988 in the marketing department of Synthelabo and included stints at Ciba France and its successor Novartis, as well as a short stretch as MacroGenics.
In a statement, Deliveux said Tellier “Since joining UCB in 2011, Jean-Christophe has played a key role in UCB’s successes, and he has been instrumental in helping establish our current strategy.
“UCB is entering an important new growth era: Our rich late-stage pipeline is poised to reach pivotal milestones from the second half of 2014 through mid-2016. Leadership continuity is critical to ensuring the successful launch of these important products in the severe disease areas of osteoporosis, lupus, and epilepsy,” Doliveux said.
UCB called the forthcoming change at the top “the result of a long and well thought through succession plan to ensure necessary experience and knowledge transfer.
“It creates the best conditions for the company’s future growth allowing it, together with its 8,500 colleagues, to deliver on UCB’s commitment to patients,” the company stated.
Under Doliveux, UCB transformed itself from a diversified chemical concern into a global pharma company, having launched three core treatments in recent years, the arthritis/Crohn’s disease treatment Cimzia®, the epilepsy drug Vimpat® and the Parkinson disease medicine Neupro® . The company also accelerated its growth in emerging markets and Japan, and stepped up R&D productivity.
“Roch has put everything in place to prepare UCB for its next phase. We wish to express our gratitude for everything he has done,” the company said.





            To enjoy more articles like this from GEN,
            click here to subscribe now!





















































































×

{{ vm.popupMessage }}
Click here to review your Favorites.








            log into GEN Select.
            We'll be sure to take you back here after you do.
        

Login to GEN Select


            Not a member of GEN Select?
        

Learn more














×





Finally! A cure for the Biotech News Blues.

Join 110,000 colleagues who rely on GEN Highlights for breaking news and exclusive articles shaping today’s life science tools and technologies.



Get My Daily Dose of GEN Highlights



                                Oops! Please type your email in the following format: [email protected]


                                An error has occurred. Please contact Customer Service at
                                [email protected]













You’re all set! Thank you for subscribing to GEN Highlights.
























GEN Quizzes


                   GEN Quiz: Evaluate Your Knowledge on Cancer, Obesity, and CRISPR Movies
                

GEN Quiz: Evaluate Your Knowledge on Parkinson’s, CRISPR, and Crohn’s Disease
GEN Quiz: Evaluate Your Knowledge on Mosquitoes, Olive Oil, and Medicinal Plants
GEN Quiz: Evaluate Your Knowledge on Saliva, the NIH’s Budget, and Shampoo
GEN Quiz: Evaluate Your Knowledge on HIV, CRISPR, and Artificial Sweeteners

More »








 










Be sure to take the GEN Poll

                {{ vm.poll.Title }} 
            









{{ choice.Text}}










                                    {{ choice.Text }}
                                

                                     
                                
                                 
                                {{ choice.Percent }}%
                            


 





Closes in {{vm.timer}}








Vote




Get Results



More »
















Congratulations!


You are now a GEN Select Insider!  You now have access to in-depth reports, peer reviewed papers and hot jobs.














© 2017 Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News All Rights Reserved


GEN
About GEN
Press Releases
Reprints & Permissions
Contact GEN


GEN EDITORIAL
Editorial Staff
Editorial Guidelines
2017 Planning Calendar


ADVERTISE
GEN Media Kit
Classified Media Kit
Ad Terms & Conditions
GEN List Rental


SUBSCRIPTION CENTER
GEN Magazine
eNewsletters


RESOURCES
App Notes
Biotech Boulevard
Clinical OMICs
New Products
Podcasts



Home |
            Terms of Use |
            Privacy Statement |
            Legal |
            Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.













