

DNC Holdings Inc • Domain Names • SEO • Web Marketing




















































 











Domain Name registration as an investment or for development and resale. DNS management, Web Marketing and product promotion on the net. DNC Holdings 








ABOUT US




NEWS




SERVICES




CLIENTS




PRODUCTS




SUPPORT




CONTACTS









Fresh new approach to developing and marketing websites. Based on the basic economic principles adopted for the cyberworld, domain space and e-commerce.












 


















  





DNC Holdings
The #1 Domain Name Company 


 


Domain Name portfolio management, domain registration, renewal, DNS management, web marketing and product promotion on the net. Website optimization and Search Engine Optimization (SEO) of websites.


 



Starting from 2006 DNC Holdings  is offering its premium services to a small group of select clients with large domain name portfolios.
The main goal of the DNC Holdings is   to relieve the daily life of our domain investors and ensure full peace of mind   regarding their domain names and websites as much as possible. DNC Holdings provides  exclusive full domain service package and unlimited    consultations for solving all clients web and financial difficulties. The perfect   service quality for DNC Holdings clients is ensured by our private   client managers – DNC's most qualified specialists who will help to manage   and supervise your individual  needs, and will also provide   material advantages to you in the use of the agencies services.
Range of Services
 When choosing the DNC Holdings programme, you get:

A personal Domain Manager, as well as a DN Transactions manager and an domain name investment strategy manager;
The highest possible level of confidentiality;
Permanent discounts for domain renewal, transfers and hosting;
Individual SEO solutions that are tailored for individual client; 
Free consultations on domain sale and tax  issues;
Regular informative updates and seminars about current developments of the domain name, IT and technology market;
Special offers for your leisure time, entertainment and holidays that are set up together with DNC Holdings partners.










We would like to state that DNC Holdings are in no way connected to the Democratic National Committee, the main presidential and electoral campaign  fund raiser organization connected with the US Democratic Party. We do support democracy, but this site is not about it. Same with the US Democratic National   Convention - no relation to it.
Declared net capacity as in a numeric  measure of   the power output that a power station contributes to the  grid (in British English the same acronym is sometimes expanded as developed net capacity ). This term in some way could be related to Websites and in particular to clusters of sites that are created by interlinking between related articles and friendly websites. 
The phrase "Does not compute" could be written as DNC, but we Do compute so that is not about us. 
    Within manufacturing Direct Numerical Control (DNC) means to   connect by means of a computer network your CNC equipment to your PCs. As we do not manage any Computer-aided manufacturing (CAM) there is no need for DNC networking, real-time Machine Monitoring, Graphics, Tool Management, and Scheduling. 
As we don't have any direct connection to Maritime business the following terms also do not relate to us - Director   of Naval Communications as in a post in the British Admiralty that was changed in 1945 to Chief of   Naval Communications (CNC).  Digital Nautical Chart - a PC representation of a  nautical   chart running an Electronic Chart Display Information System (ECDIS) or   Electronic Chart System (ECS)  marine navigation software program. Director of Naval Construction is another senior post in the British Admiralty.
So what is DNC Holding all about? Domain Name registration as an investment or for development and resale. Keyword Rich Domains for SEO. DNS management, Web Marketing and product promotion on the net. Website html optimization and Search Engine Optimization (SEO) of websites.

more...
 







 


 









2006 © DNC Holdings. 
All rights Reserved. Read Privacy Policy.





 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	.HOLDINGS Domain Registration





























rocks



















.HOLDINGS




Available now! Get yours today.




Search













                    ×



                    ×










                                    Why
                                    .HOLDINGS
                                    ?

                                    For companies looking to diversify ownership, or for holding companies that need a marketable and identifiable TLD to increase business on the Web, .HOLDINGS may be the perfect domain extension. This TLD can be used by any individual, group, or organization, for any purpose, making it a flexible and creative TLD for any use related to holdings, both real estate and business, and for analysts, reporters, and bloggers who focus on the business sector and want a more relevant domain name.
























Add Credit Card











Questions? Call sales at

                    
                        1 (425) 274-4500
                    	
                
Help Center
Visit our Help Center where you can get simple and quick product support.


Connect With Us



Twitter®
                                Instant updates about what's going on.
Follow Us




Facebook®
                                Connect with old and new friends.
Let's Be Friends




LinkedIn®
                                Find, connect, and collaborate.
Join Us




Google+®
                                Follow and share the latest news.
Join Our Circle





Useful Links

About Us
Contact Us
Tucows 
News
Press Releases

Careers

Our Services

Pricing

Maintenance
WHOIS Lookup
Site Map
Report Abuse
RAA Policy








   is an affiliate of   , a leading domain name services company.
                 Copyright © 1998-2017 Enom LLC. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy  | Abuse Policy
























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started










































Whois domain.com


































Whois






Domains



Registration

Register a Domain
Bulk Domain Registration
New Domain Extensions
Sunrise Domains
IDN Domain Registration
View Domain Pricing



Transfer

Transfer your Domain
Bulk Domain Transfer



Addons

Free with Every Domain
Name Suggestion Tool
Whois Lookup





Hosting



Shared Hosting

Linux Hosting
Windows Hosting
Cloud Hosting



Servers

Virtual Private Servers
Dedicated Servers
Managed Servers



Reseller Hosting

Linux Reseller Hosting
Windows Reseller Hosting





CloudNEW
Websites



Build your Website

Website Builder



Protect your Website

SiteLock Malware Detector
CodeGuard Website Backup





Email


Business Email
Enterprise Email



Security


SSL Certificates
SiteLock
CodeGuard



Whois
Support


Knowledge Base
Contact Us



0
Login


Login
Create an Account















Security Check
      Please respond to the question below to continue.











domain.com is available!









domain.comUpdated 1 day agoDomain InformationDomain:domain.comRegistrar:Domain.com, LLCRegistration Date:1994-07-01Expiration Date:2021-01-07Updated Date:2016-10-21Status:clientDeleteProhibitedclientTransferProhibitedclientUpdateProhibitedName Servers:ns-1250.awsdns-28.orgns-166.awsdns-20.comns-2022.awsdns-60.co.ukns-683.awsdns-21.netRegistrant ContactName:Domain AdministratorOrganization:Endurance International Group West, IncStreet:10 Corporate Drive Suite 300City:BurlingtonState:MAPostal Code:01803Country:USPhone:+1.3604495900Fax:+1.3602534234Email:@endurance.comAdministrative ContactName:Domain AdministratorOrganization:Endurance International Group West, IncStreet:10 Corporate Drive Suite 300City:BurlingtonState:MAPostal Code:01803Country:USPhone:+1.3604495900Fax:+1.3602534234Email:@endurance.comTechnical ContactName:Domain AdministratorOrganization:Endurance International Group West, IncStreet:10 Corporate Drive Suite 300City:BurlingtonState:MAPostal Code:01803Country:USPhone:+1.3604495900Fax:+1.3602534234Email:@endurance.comRaw Whois DataDomain Name: DOMAIN.COM
Domain ID: 608082_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.domain.com
Registrar URL: www.domain.com
Updated Date: 2016-10-21T20:11:05Z
Creation Date: 1994-07-01T04:00:00Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2021-01-07T13:34:24Z
Registrar: Domain.com, LLC
Registrar IANA ID: 886
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: @domain-inc.net
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +1.6027165396
Reseller: Domain Name Holding Company, Inc
Domain Status: clientDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientDeleteProhibited
Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
Domain Status: clientUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientUpdateProhibited
Registry Registrant ID: 
Registrant Name: Domain Administrator
Registrant Organization: Endurance International Group West, Inc
Registrant Street: 10 Corporate Drive Suite 300
Registrant City: Burlington
Registrant State/Province: MA
Registrant Postal Code: 01803
Registrant Country: US
Registrant Phone: +1.3604495900
Registrant Phone Ext: 
Registrant Fax: +1.3602534234
Registrant Fax Ext: 
Registrant Email: @endurance.com
Registry Admin ID: 
Admin Name: Domain Administrator
Admin Organization: Endurance International Group West, Inc
Admin Street: 10 Corporate Drive Suite 300
Admin City: Burlington
Admin State/Province: MA
Admin Postal Code: 01803
Admin Country: US
Admin Phone: +1.3604495900
Admin Phone Ext: 
Admin Fax: +1.3602534234
Admin Fax Ext: 
Admin Email: @endurance.com
Registry Tech ID: 
Tech Name: Domain Administrator
Tech Organization: Endurance International Group West, Inc
Tech Street: 10 Corporate Drive Suite 300
Tech City: Burlington
Tech State/Province: MA
Tech Postal Code: 01803
Tech Country: US
Tech Phone: +1.3604495900
Tech Phone Ext: 
Tech Fax: +1.3602534234
Tech Fax Ext: 
Tech Email: @endurance.com
Name Server: NS-166.AWSDNS-20.COM
Name Server: NS-683.AWSDNS-21.NET
Name Server: NS-1250.AWSDNS-28.ORG
Name Server: NS-2022.AWSDNS-60.CO.UK
DNSSEC: unsigned
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2016-10-21T20:11:05Z <<<

"For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp"

Registration Service Provider:
    Domain Name Holding Company, Inc, @endurance.com
    +1.8007972958
    This company may be contacted for domain login/passwords,
    DNS/Nameserver changes, and general domain support questions.



related domain names


domain-inc.net


icann.org


awsdns-28.org


awsdns-20.com


awsdns-60.co.uk


awsdns-21.net


endurance.com


internic.net





.space$8.88 $0.88Buy Now*Offer ends 31st July 2017 UTC

Hot Deals!

.BIZ @ $4.88 $12.88
.CLICK @ $2.88 $6.88
.CLUB @ $1.48 $11.88
.FUN @ $4.28 $23.88
.GDN @ $1.28 $13.88
.INFO @ $4.88 $12.88
.ME @ $3.48 $18.88
.LINK @ $2.88 $9.88
.MOBI @ $3.48 $14.88
.ONLINE @ $5.28 $38.88
.PRO @ $4.88 $16.88
.PW @ $0.98 $9.88
.SITE @ $3.28 $29.88
.TOP @ $2.48 $9.88
.WEBSITE @ $3.28 $21.88
.XYZ @ $1.48 $12.88
















Domains

Register Domain Name
Transfer Domain Name
View Domain Pricing
Bulk Domain Register
Whois Lookup
Name Suggestion Tool
Free with Every Domain
Domain Offers

Infrastructure

Datacenter Details
Hosting Security
24 x 7 Servers Monitoring
Backup and Recovery



Hosting & Products

Linux Hosting
Windows Hosting
Linux Reseller Hosting
Windows Reseller Hosting
Virtual Private Servers
Dedicated Servers
Managed Servers
Cloud Hosting
Website Builder
Business Email
Enterprise Email
SSL Certificates
Sitelock
CodeGuard

Support

View Knowledge Base
Contact Support
Report Abuse
About Whois




Follow us        











Please enter a domain name.


Login OR Create an Account





      Copyright © Whois.com. All rights reserved
Privacy Policy | Legal Agreement















Secure Domain Name Holding - Escrow.com













Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software

















It seems your browser is out of dateSome parts of this site may not display properly. Why should I update my browser?

Escrow.com highly recommends that you keep your browser up to date. Outdated browsers may :

- Have security holes which leave you open to identity theft, virus and malware etc.    - May not support modern web technology causing the website to appear broken or unusable.
If you are unsure how to update your browser please use the link below.
Update your browser

















Menu



Escrow.com


















 












Escrow.com


















 




Start Transaction


What Is Escrow?


Help


Contact Us





Log In



Sign Up                      
Shape


















Secure domain name holding
What is Secure domain name holding?





Enter your domain name 


 






Please enter a well formed domain name



Get started now
















home





domain-name-holding





Our domain name holding service is designed for Buyers and Sellers who agree to hold the domain(s) in escrow while the Buyer makes scheduled payments.
The fee for this service is our standard escrow fee plus a domain holding fee. The holding fee is dependent on the length of the holding period; $40/month if we are managing the DNS and $25/month if the Buyer will manage their own DNS. All contracts will have a minimum holding fee of $150 plus the escrow fee. Each transaction may include up to three domains without additional charges. Additional domains can be added to the contracts for the per year fee of $125 if we manage the DNS and $100 if managed by the Buyer.

Review our agreements

Domain Name Holding Lease (Buyer Managing DNS)
Domain Name Holding Lease (Escrow Managing DNS)
Domain Name Holding Purchase (Buyer Managing DNS)
Domain Name Holding Purchase (Escrow Managing DNS)

Note: Domain holding service transactions have a term minimum of three months and a maximum of five years.


How Domain Name Holding works

Either Buyer or Seller can set up the Domain Holding transaction. Escrow.com receives notification and will contact both parties. If a Broker is involved, the Broker must set up the transaction for all parties. If the parties have a Promissory Note, Asset Agreement or Purchase Agreement, this can be incorporated into the Domain Holding Agreement.
Escrow.com sends the Buyer and Seller (and Broker if applicable) the Domain Holding Agreement and asks all parties to review, sign and return.
Once Escrow.com receives the signed agreement from all parties, we authorize the Buyer to send the first payment and any portion of the escrow fee they agreed to pay.
When we receive the first payment, Escrow.com prompts the Seller to transfer the domain(s) to our account.
When the domain(s) are received and locked in our account, the parties are notified and the first payment is released to the Seller (and Broker if applicable).
Escrow.com receives the scheduled payments from the Buyer and sends them to the Seller (and Broker if applicable) throughout the term of the transaction.
When all payments are completed, the domain(s) are transferred to an account for the Buyer (if the transaction involves a domain sale) and the last payment is made to the Seller (and Broker if applicable). If the transaction involves a lease, then the domain(s) would be returned to the Seller at the end of the term.

The Domain Holding Service is where the domain(s) are held in escrow while the buyer makes scheduled payments.
 Get started now




Was this article helpful?
Yes

No



Sorry about that. How can we improve?





Submit



Thank you for your feedback!






 
Did you mean: 



search 


 



 




Please enter a search term










