




Domain Partners IX, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Blair  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Domain Partners IX, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Domain Associates, L.L.C. One Palmer Square 
    Princeton, NJ, 08542Phone: 609-683-5656 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-07


Amended


$163,636,363


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-12-03


Amended


$163,636,363


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-12-24


New


$163,636,363


$163,636,363


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 James C. Blair 
 Executive 


 Brian H. Dovey 
 Executive 


 Brian K. Halak 
 Executive 


 Kim Kamdar 
 Executive 


 Kathleen K. Schoemaker 
 Executive 


 Nimesh Shah 
 Executive 


 Nicole Vitullo 
 Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Domain Partners VIII, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:39 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Domain Partners VIII, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Domain Partners VIII, L.P. specializes in early stage investments in emerging life science companies. It seeks to invest in drug and device sectors with a focus on diagnostics and instrumentation.


One Palmer SquareSuite 515Princeton, NJ 08542United StatesFounded in 2009



Phone: 609-683-5656

Fax: 609-683-9789








Key Executives for Domain Partners VIII, L.P.




Dr. James C. Blair Ph.D.


      	Partner
      


Age: 77
        







Dr. Jesse I. Treu Ph.D.


      	Partner
      


Age: 70
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      March 30, 2017
			    
Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Domain Partners VIII, L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	Knight Further Executes Its Innovative Pharmaceutical Product Sourcing Strategy














































Skip to Main Content
Site Map


Marketwired




Français
Media Partners
About Us
Blog


Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Google+





Search





Site




									
										News
									
									













Products





Marketwired Resonate


Marketwired Influencers


News Distribution


IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)


Media Database (Mediahub)





Powered by Sysomos
Request a Demo






Solutions





Public Relations


Investor Relations


Small Business







Newsroom





All News


Headlines Only


Advanced Search


RSS Newsfeeds


Hot Off the Wire


Personal Beat


CASL Compliance







Resources





Brochures


Case Studies


E-Books / Tip Sheets 


Webinars / Videos







Contact Us





Our Locations


Become a Media Partner


Become a Channel Partner


Request More Information


Request a Demo







Sign In


Where would you like to sign in?


My Marketwired Account
Personal Beat
Marketwired Resonate
Hot Off the Wire
News Dashboard 2.0
Mediahub
Register for a Marketwired Account

















News Room






















Print Friendly

                        Share








Knight Therapeutics Inc. 
               TSX : GUD

 





December 16, 2014 08:00 ET
Knight Further Executes Its Innovative Pharmaceutical Product Sourcing Strategy



MONTREAL, QUEBEC--(Marketwired - Dec. 16, 2014) - Knight Therapeutics Inc. (TSX:GUD), through one of its wholly owned subsidiaries ("Knight"), announced today that it has committed to invest US$25 million into Domain Partners IX, L.P. ("Domain Fund") and US$10 million in Sanderling Ventures VII, L.P. ("Sanderling Fund"). These investments into proven successful life science funds complement Knight Therapeutics Inc.'s US$13 million investment in Sectoral, EUREUR19.5 million investment in Forbion, and CAD$30 million investment in Teralys. These five funds have combined assets under management in healthcare of approximately CAD$9 billion.
Domain Fund is managed by Domain Associates, L.L.C. ("Domain"). Domain invests in early-stage life science companies and often creates companies in which they are the initial, controlling shareholder. Domain has US$2.4 billion in assets under management with a significant focus on North America. 
Sanderling Fund is managed by Sanderling Ventures, L.L.C. ("Sanderling"). Sanderling, founded in 1979, emphasizes early-stage financing and active management of its biomedical portfolio companies. Sanderling's active, hands-on involvement often satisfies a crucial need for careful allocation of scarce capital resources during the early phase of corporate development. "Sanderling is thrilled to partner with Knight in the development and distribution of innovative therapeutics and medical devices" said Robert McNeil, Managing Director of Sanderling. 
"Domain has birthed many impressive life science companies over their eight fund history. Sanderling also has a very compelling track record of successful portfolio companies and innovative products. We are confident that our investments in these two proven funds will provide both a healthy return and a stream of innovative pharmaceuticals for Knight to commercialize" said Jonathan Ross Goodman, Director of Knight. "In total, we have now committed approximately $110 million of the $130 million we intend to invest into life science funds."
About Knight Therapeutics Inc.
Knight Therapeutics Inc., headquartered in Montreal, Canada, is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on acquiring or in-licensing innovative pharmaceutical products for the Canadian and world markets. Knight Therapeutics Inc.'s shares began trading on TSX-V on March 3, 2014 and graduated to TSX on April 29, 2014 under the symbol GUD. For more information about Knight Therapeutics Inc., please visit the company's web site at http://www.gud-knight.com or at http://www.sedar.com. 
About Sanderling 
Founded in 1979, Sanderling is among the oldest investment firms dedicated to building new biomedical companies. Sanderling's unique approach combines a specialized investment focus with active management and long-term commitment to ensure the highest rates of return for both its entrepreneurs and investors. Since its inception, Sanderling has supported over 90 biomedical companies from very early stage start-ups, through commercial development. Sanderling has offices in San Mateo, CA, San Diego, CA and Montreal, Canada. For more detailed information, visit www.sanderling.com.
Knight Therapeutics Forward Looking Statement  
This press release may contain forward-looking statements and predictions. These forward-looking statements, by their nature, necessarily involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. The Company considers the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based to be reasonable at the time they were prepared, but cautions that these assumptions regarding the future events, many of which are beyond the control of the Company and its subsidiaries, may ultimately prove to be incorrect. Factors and risks, which could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations, are discussed in the Listing Application dated February 21, 2014 and two short form prospectuses, each of which is dated April 17, 2014. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information or future events, except as required by law.






Contact Information



Knight Therapeutics Inc.Jeffrey Kadanoff, P.Eng., MBAChief Financial Officer514-484-4831514-481-4116 (FAX)info@gud-knight.comwww.gud-knight.com




























Print Friendly

                        Share


News Room



                         

View Related News




About this company


Knight Therapeutics Inc.




From this industry


Pharmaceuticals and Biotech





From this sub-industry


Drugs





                            See all RSS Newsfeeds


                         









                 



















						
                            About Marketwired
							
						




  Marketwired News


  Community Builders

Privacy
Site Map
Accessibility






						
                            Products
							
						




  Marketwired Resonate


  Marketwired Influencers


  News Distribution


  IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)


  Media Database (Mediahub)







						 
                            Resources
							
						




  Brochures


  Case Studies


  E-Books / Tip Sheets 


  Webinars / Videos







						 
                            Newsroom
							
						




  All News


  Headlines Only


  Advanced Search


  RSS Newsfeeds


  Hot Off the Wire


  Personal Beat


  CASL Compliance






					
                            Connect With Us
							
					


Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Google+




MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ


                        
				Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal





You are using an outdated browser
    For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 




Leading Healthcare Venture Capital Firm | Domain Associates














PortfolioNewsEventscontact





AboutTeamInitiatives









Earning Trust

	We seek to earn the trust of our limited partners, entrepreneurs and collaborators by holding ourselves to high standards, honoring our commitments and delivering solid performance.

OUR PURPOSE »



Building on Experience

	On a foundation of nearly three decades, we have the experience to navigate changing market conditions and build successful businesses that deliver novel healthcare therapies and products.

OUR TEAM »

OUR TIMELINE »



Committed to Leadership

	From developing innovative investment models to building companies with breakthrough products, we are committed to being a leader in the healthcare venture field.

OUR INITIATIVES »
 





Trust
Experience
Leadership











Portfolio »













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































 

Domain Partners Ix Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/180496-domain-partners-ix-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=180496  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Domain Partners Ix LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Domain Partners Ix Lp gets funded!Domain Partners Ix LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew JerseyPrincetonIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors December 3rd, 2015$163,636,363-View DealDecember 24th, 2014$163,636,363-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Domain Partners Ix Lp gets funded?Key peopleJames BlairExecutive OfficerBrian DoveyExecutive OfficerBrian HalakExecutive OfficerKim KamdarExecutive OfficerKathleen SchoemakerExecutive OfficerNimesh ShahExecutive OfficerNicole VitulloExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


















IX :: Ordering Process


           Log in  View Cart Checkout  Your order will create a new account        Select A Product Place Your Order Order Processed!       Select A Product Review Shopping Cart Place Your Order Order Processed!   

You can order hosting and register a domain name for FREE. Alternatively, you can also host a domain you already own. In that case, you will still be able to use your free domain registrations any time after your account has been setup.   1. Select A Product  Product  -- Please Select --  Expert - UNLIMITED Sites + 1 Free Domain Business - UNLIMITED Sites + 2 Free Domains Unlimited Pro - UNLIMITED Sites + 3 Free Domains   Business - UNLIMITED Sites + 2 Free Domains Unlimited Pro - UNLIMITED Sites + 3 Free Domains     Billing Cycle         2. Choose An Option Below      Order Hosting With A New Domain      Enter Domain Name:     .com  .asia  .biz  .ca  .cash  .cc  .co  .community  .cool  .dance  .discount  .email  .equipment  .events  .gift  .guru  .immobilien  .info  .life  .link  .me  .mobi  .moda  .name  .net  .ninja  .org  .partners  .pics  .pub  .rocks  .social  .solutions  .tattoo  .today  .tv  .us  .ws  .wtf  .zone         * Example 'mynewdomain'           Order As A Free Domain (the domain will be registered for free for 1 year and then be eligible for preferred renewal pricing thereafter)     Pay For This Domain, Amount Of Years:  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10      YES! I Want to Keep My Domain Contact Information Private for Only $o.oo/yr. I don't want my name, address, phone number, and email address listed publicly for everyone to see. I want to enable IX Domain Privacy to prevent marketers, spammers, scammers, and the general public from accessing my contact details.      Amount Of Years:    1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10      Keep domain contact information private for an additional $o.oo/yr. Most people wouldn't dream of setting up a website that lists their personal email address, home phone number and street address. But this is exactly what happens on a daily basis when a new domain name is registered.        Order Hosting With An Existing Domain    If you would like to add a domain to this hosting account that you already own, enter the domain name below:   Enter Domain Name:         * Example: 'mywebsitename.com'        By checking this box, I understand that IX Web Hosting will not register this domain. You will have to register this domain name or else it will not work. You can do so any time by purchasing the domain from IX Web Hosting.      Order Hosting Only  Click the 'Continue Ordering' button below to proceed with ordering just a hosting account without any domain.  Total Cost For These Products * Qualified plans receive free setup. Prices are limited time promotional prices (available to new subscribers only) and are valid only through the selected term. Subsequent terms will renew at the standard (non-promotional) rate at the time of renewal. All hosting packages are prepaid and renew automatically.      
    WE'RE SORRY, BUT WE CANNOT CONTINUE WITH YOUR HOSTING ORDER. Please enable Javascript in your browser to continue with ordering. If you are on a mobile device such as a cell phone, it may not support Javascript. In that case, please order using a regular computer.     IX Web Hosting Main Page | Best Web Hosting | Customer Center | FAQ  ©1999 - 2017 IX Web Hosting. All Rights Reserved. * Restrictions may apply. Please consult our Terms of Service   Terms of Service | Privacy Policy        Are You Already One Of Our Customers? To signup, you can create a new account or use an existing account. Choose 'No' below to create a new account. You should do so if you aren't one of our customers yet, or if you would like your product placed in a separate account. Choose 'Yes' to signup under your existing account.      No, I would like to create a new account   We will create a new account for you and ask you for contact and billing information. Please click 'Continue Ordering' below.     Yes, I would like to use my existing account   Please login to your existing account below.    Email Login:    Password:   Forgot Password?         

      Close  X  Login To Your Control Panel If you are already one of our customers, you can login here to place your product in your existing account.   Fill In Your Information Below Please fill in the form below and click on "Continue Ordering" to login.    Email Login:    Password:   Forgot Password?         If you've reached this popup by mistake, please click the "Close" button in the top right corner.    



          