
Security Check Required





FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


    Ron Dombrowski | Intergis LLC | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Ron Dombrowski





Ron Dombrowski
Analyst, Designer and Developer, Project Leader

Home
Current Resume
Transportation Software
Cogito Ergo Sum

		
<

I am Ron Dombrowski, business analyst, software product designer and developer, and project leader;
experienced in transportation business analysis, process documentation, 
and development of large and complex applications;
with working knowledge of geographic based problems, vehicle routing problem solutions, genetic algorithms 
and network traversal algorithms; 
transportation costing for private fleets, truckload carriers and less than truckload carriers.

I am currently looking for an opportunity in software development 
in the Boston area primarily using the
Microsoft web development stack (C#, JavaScript, jQuery, SQL Server, MVC and Entity Framework). 
I would be especially 
interested in a position where I could put my geospatial, mapping and transportation 
background to productive use.

Welcome to my professional career web page.



About Ron Dombrowski
Business Process Review

What I do best is to ask people about their business needs and 
strive to understand what they are trying to accomplish within 
the constraints of their business environment.

I have found that many businesses still use outdated practices simply
because no one ever asks why they do something the way that they do.

At some point an organization will encounter a problem and come up with a solution. 
This solution, then, becomes, part of the group memory and becomes the basis for future decision.
This continues even when the original problem no longer applies and when everyone involved in 
solving the original problem has moved on. The process becomes a preconcieved notion that is
rarely, if ever, challenged.

By asking "why" questions, critical thinking can be used to develop better ways to solve the new problems at hand.

I have also found that different stakeholders in the same organization may
have very different views on what their business does and how they 
actually execute on a regular basis.

To analyze a situation, I usually ask a question, and if the answer does not make sense to me, 
ask it again and maybe ask a question expecting an opposite answer. 
This usually clarifies an issue, but if I still don't think that the
answers so far make sense, I will ask the question again later in the
middle of something else, just to make sure that that there is an
unwavering belief in the answer given.


When different stakeholders give different answers, this usually leads
to a meeting where the truth of how something works is finally disclosed.

Business Analyst

			Critical thinking leads to analyzing and documenting processes. Once this has been 
			done, then the other skills of designing and developing a solution can be implemented.
			
			I don't think that I have ever interviewed too many people when doing business analysis,
			but at times, I have interviewed too few. The views of every stakeholder need to
			be considered. I have often found that the views found in a corporate office are not the
			views of someone working in a field office or actually fulfilling an order.
			
			The experience gained in doing many interviews and producing many design documents
			helps me to discover the real issues to be documented and addressed.
			
Designer and Developer

I like to do at least a little bit of the actual development myself. 
By understanding what the developers are doing, it helps to appreciate the
ramifications of the ongoing change to the design.

I work with software. It is never finished until it is no longer used
and has been withdrawn from circulation. Until then, some stakeholder can request 
some change. My basic rule is to design something that can be easilly changed, because
it will be.

Vehicle Routing Problem Solver

			Many transportation problems are related problems commonly called Vehicle Routing Problems (VRP)
			or the Multiple Traveling Salesman Problem (MTSP). Both of these refer to problems where trips must
			be planned for one or more vehicles that must travel to one or more locations and must travel the shortest 
			distance subject to objective (maximum weight per vehicle, for example) and subjective (time windows, 
			for example) limits.
			

			At Information Software, RoTec and InterGis, I designed applications that found practical
			solutions for long haul motor freight, local pickup and delivery, and service delivery 
			applications.
			

After leaving InterGis, I wrote a new solver using a genetic algorithm. This is part of a 
new application that has not yet been released. 
The algorithm was designed to produce solutions that are either the most
cost efficient, or are very acceptable to field operations staff at a slightly higher cost.
The algorithm will also consider the multiple delivery modes (private fleet, less than truckload
carriers, truckload carriers and other courier services) and will provide a solution 
using mixed mode at the lowest cost.

A simplified version of the algorithm was implemented at Trade Area Systems
to be used in a function that schedules
groups of marketing representatives visiting selected stores.

Although not seen in most vehicle routing applications, I have developed algorithms to
determine the most cost effective shipping on any given day using round trip private fleet vehicles,
LTL carriers, and one way truckload carriers.

Genetic Algorithm Designer
		
			In my earlier applications, I used both the K-Opt and insertions algorithms to achieve good
			results in a reasonable amount of time, but these algorithms were not suited for modern computer systems.	
						
			After I learned that genetic algorithms could be used to create geographic territories and
			could create lowest cost work assignments, I took the time to figure out how the algorithms
			worked and how they could be implemented to use modern computer equipment with multiple processors
			to the fullest.
						
			From this research, I have developed high speed techniques that I used to solve various scheduling
			problems.
			
Network Traversal Algorithm Designer

			Although we all use the "Get Directions" button on web pages and rarely think about the
			underlying technology, there is a lot of work needed under the covers to get those directions.
						
			Starting in 1988, I obtained map data, built road network files, and wrote code to find the 
			best routes and get those directions.
				
			When looking at transportation problems, however, there is more to the problem than just finding the
			best route between any two points. In many cases, the distance from one point to a large number
			other points is needed. I wrote several	algorithms that do this in not much more than the time
			needed to find the best route to only one other point.
			

Most recently, I wrote a road network traversal server application, Chauffeur, for Trade Area Systems. 
This was a completly new design that uses 64-bit memory space to cover a large area and provides routes 
in a timely fashion. It also draws polygons around all intersections that are within a given time or distance
from an origin location.

Over the years, I have worked with maps (publc domain and US Geological Survey) processed manually on digitizing tables, 
DIME files, TIGER files and, most recently, Navteq files. In every case, I needed to write software that
processed a specific file format to convert it to a binary file that could be used by the network traversal software.

In all, I designed and developed four road network traversal products, for DOS, 16 bit Windows, 32 bit Windows 
and 64 bit Windows. All of them could route from one place to another, or from one place to many other places.




Contact

Email: ron@rondombrowski.com
Voice: (860) 309-1614


Other Considerations

US passport holder
Willing to relocate worldwide
Willing to travel extensively worldwide
Willing to work for extended periods away from primary domicile


The Man Behind The LAN


In 1975, I was working for Datapoint, a long gone and little remembered computer manufacturer. 
I had an idea on how to get more users onto a computer and went to lunch with the head engineer. 
I told him that we needed to hook two computers to a single disk. He said he would think about and
I never heard anything more. 

Later, Datapoint introduced the first computer network, allowing hundreds of computers
to share disks.

I never connected these two events until early in 2013 when I found a history of computer networking
on the Internet and saw that the head engineer who invented this networking technology gave me the credit
for getting him started.

Who knew that a chance conversation over lunch would turn into an idea that would revolutionize computing?

Read all about it.

Getting the News Out


In 1981, I was working for Whalen Computer Services and developed a newspaper circulation application that
was used to record delivery start, stops and payments. It was used mostly by smaller regional newspapers, 
including several owned by Gannett.


When Gannett was getting ready to start publication of USA Today, they needed an application to keep track
of the number of papers distributed to each sales location and decided that the Whalen application is
just what they needed.


So, on the first day of publication, every bundle of USA Today was delivered with a bundle wrapper produced 
by the software I desinged and wrote.

Paperless Government


In 1989, when I was working for Information Software, I developed the Prophesy Commercial Mileage Manager product
that was used to determine the shortest route bewteen any two points in the United States. This product was
used by trucking companies to determine what to charge to haul freight.


At that time, distance data had to be filed with the Interstate Commerce Commission, that regulated interstate
trucking. They were willing, however, to consider and electronic filing, so I delivered a PC with our product
to Washington, DC, receiving the first accepted tariff filing, PC-1.


By filing this tariff, Information Software broke Rand McNally's virtual monopoly on providing this type of data.

But Some Want It In Print


In 1991, the Prophesy ProDriver collection of distances between cities was published as The Professional Driver's Mileage Guide.

It was a spiral bound book that was small enough to be carried in a truck so a driver could quickly
determine how far he had to go, or how many miles he would have to drive for a load being offered to him.

Award Winning Software I


Rotec's LoadPlanner was the first Windows vehicle routing and scheduling app. The maps were done by forcing the MapInfo
application to display them inside the LoadPlanner app. We won the MapInfo Developer of the Year award for figuring
out how to do this.

Award Winning Software II


At InterGis, I designed and led the development of Visual Control Room, an application for vehicle and technician
routing and scheduling. It also included RouteObjects, an API that could be used by other applications.


One of our customers, United Rentals, used RouteObjects to perform pickup and deliveries for commercial customers 
as part of their overall process automation initiaive, FAST.


In 2012, Mobile Enterprise magazine, awarded United Rental's FAST system their "Most Innovative Use of Mobile Technology"
award. 


Read all about it.



Design: Luka Cvrk, Solucija











Ron Dombrowski





Ron Dombrowski
Analyst, Designer and Developer, Project Leader

Home
Current Resume
Transportation Software
Cogito Ergo Sum



I am Ron Dombrowski, business analyst, software product designer and developer, and project leader;
experienced in transportation business analysis, process documentation, 
and development of large and complex applications;
with working knowledge of geographic based problems, vehicle routing problem solutions, genetic algorithms 
and network traversal algorithms; 
transportation costing for private fleets, truckload carriers and less than truckload carriers.

I am currently looking for an opportunity in software development 
in the Boston area primarily using the
Microsoft web development stack (C#, JavaScript, jQuery, SQL Server, MVC and Entity Framework). 
I would be especially 
interested in a position where I could put my geospatial, mapping and transportation 
background to productive use.

Welcome to my professional career web page.



RONALD J DOMBROWSKI, JR
2 Teaberry Circle
			Plymouth, MA 02360



			(860) 309-1614
			



			Ron@RonDombrowski.com
			


ANALYST, DESIGNER AND DEVELOPER, PROJECT LEADER
Windows Web Full Stack Developer

Business analyst, software product designer and developer, and team leader; experienced in business analysis, process documentation, and development of large and complex applications; with working knowledge of transportation related algorithms.


Looking for a position where I can design large and complex applications or be part of such a team as an individual contributor. Or, a position in sales or systems engineering, supporting a complex software product or service, willing to travel.

KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS


Most recently designed and developed an application for tracking liquid and illiquid assets for SEC compliance.

Developed multiple road traversal applications, most recently for the building of retail store trade areas.

Designed and led the development of three commercially successful products for three different companies for vehicle routing and scheduling over the last 25 years.

Developed algorithms for the solution of complex transportation problems.

Significant pre-sales experience, meeting with prospects, documenting product requirements and crafting product demos.

Significant experience in managing pilot product installations.




Project Leader ● 
Startups ● 
Software Development ● 

Technology Architecture ●
Staff Development ● 
Business Analysis  

Project Management  ●
Technical Management  

Transportation Systems ● 
Geospatial Applications ●
Financial Systems 
 
OSM ● 
HERE ● 
Navteq ● 
MapInfo ● 
Bing Maps 

Vehicle Routing and Scheduling, Dispatch and Tracking ● 
EDI ● 
GPS 

Windows ● 
C# ● 
MVC ● 
Razor ● 
JavaScript ● 
jQuery ● 
SQL Server 

C# ●
.NET ●
Visual Studio ● 
Entity Framework ● 
Windows Full Stack 

Subversion ● 
GitHub ● 
SpecFlow ● 
Leankit ●
Scrum ● 
Agile 


EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

EATON VANCE INVESTMENT MANAGERS, Boston, MA 2015 - Current


Senior Developer


Working for Fixed Income Systems and am responsible for the design and development of financial analysis applications.



Designed and developed a Windows console application to report on identifying asset allocation per Federal regulations.


Designed and developed a web application using MVC 5 and Entity Framework 6 to report asset allocations.



TRADE AREA SYSTEMS, Attleboro, MA 2013 - 2015


Senior Developer


Worked for the Chief Technical Officer, and was responsible for Windows application development.


Developed the Chauffeur application used for creating trade are geographies
for the retail site placement market. This application is also used to 
determine the time and distances between and among locations for route optimization
purposes.


Designer and developer of processes to read road network data in both Navteq (HERE) and
OSM format and to produce files used by Chauffeur.


Also, primary developer for Trade Area Analyst, a Windows application used 
for creating and analyzing trade area strategies.


Significant work in C#, WCF and SQL Server.


Development work done using SCRUM process.



INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR / CONSULTANT 2011 - 2013


Worked on various projects implementing interfaces between route planning software products and commercial GPS applications.


INTERGIS, Torrington CT  1997 - 2011


Vice President, Sales Engineering 2009 - 2011



Worked directly for the president on large scale transportation application development projects. 

Focused on designing solutions for routing, scheduling, dispatching and tracking for the product pickup and delivery industries, and service industries using Intergis developed products. 

Involved in the sale of over $8 million in product and services. 



Co-Founder, Executive Vice President and CTO 1997 - 2011



Worked as the principal designer and lead developer of the Visual Control Room application, a large scale and complex application for multiple vehicle routing, scheduling, dispatching and tracking. 

Responsible for the design of all products and for the management of the development staff.


Worked with the sales staff in pre-sales situations, meeting with customers and writing design specifications.


Products and related services produced over $17 million in revenue.


OTHER AREAS OF INTEREST


Starting in early 2013 and still continuing, I also am working on a web application (SaveOnDeliveryCosts.com) to showcase my route optimization technology.




Developed using C#, SQL Server, ASP.NET MVC, Entity Framework, Razor, JavaScript, jQuery and SQL Server.

Geocoding of locations and mapping of routes using Microsoft Bing API.


EDUCATION

BS, Liberal Arts and Sciences

University of Illinois, Urbana, IL




Contact

Email: ron@rondombrowski.com
Voice: (860) 309-1614




Design: Luka Cvrk, Solucija






Ronald Dombrowski                                                                                                        - Hamburg                                           , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



Hamburg



Concrete Work



Concrete Work



                            Ronald Dombrowski
                                    



 





















R 


Ronald Dombrowski                                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3971 TUDOR PL HAMBURG, NY 14075
Get Directions



(716) 648-2897
 





Business Info



 Founded 1987
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $250,000.00
 Employee Count 6
 Industries Concrete Work
 Contacts Ronald Dombrowski                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1987 the company has been providing Concrete Work. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














