

Arnold W. Donald: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 8:47 AM ET
Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure

Company Overview of Carnival Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Arnold W. Donald  Chief Executive Officer, President and Director, Carnival CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 14 Board Members in 14 different organizations across 23 different industries.See Board Relationships62$9,881,820As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Arnold W. Donald has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc since July 3, 2013. Mr. Donald serves as an Operating Partner of Atlas Holdings LLC and focuses on industrial services, trading and distribution. He serves as an Executive Advisor Partner of Wind Point Partners. He has industry expertise in the agriculture, biochemical, chemicals and service sectors for over 30 years. Mr. Donald served as a Senior Executive ... at Monsanto Company in St. Louis, MO and joined in 1977, where he served various positions over 23 years, including as the President at Monsanto's Nutrition and Consumer sectors and Senior Vice President of the parent company. Earlier, he served as the President and Chief Executive Officer at Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International Inc. from January 2006 to February 2008. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of TransCanada Corporation. He served as Senior Vice President of Monsanto Co. from January 1998 to March, 2000. He served as the President at the Agricultural Products Division, where he was responsible for three years of tremendous growth and marked by the successful introduction and commercialization of Monsanto's first crop protection products resulting from modern plant biotechnology. From March 2000 to March 2003, he served as the Chief Executive Officer of Merisant Company, Inc. From March 2000 to June 2003, he served as the Chief Executive Officer at Tabletop Holdings. He has been the Global Chair of Cruise Lines International Association, Inc. since January 1, 2017. He serves as the Chairman of Merisant US, Inc. He served as the Chairman of Merisant Company, Inc. from March 2000 to November 2005 and served as its Director since April, 2000. He served as Chairman and Director of Merisant Worldwide Inc., since April 2000. He has been a Director of Russell Brands, LLC since June 2004. He has been a Director of Carnival plc since 2003. He has been a Director at Crown Holdings Inc. since 1999, Carnival Corporation & Plc since April 2003 and Carnival Corporation since January 2001. He has been an Independent Director at Bank of America Corporation since January 23, 2013. He serves as a Member of the National Science Teachers Association Advisory Board. He serves as a Director of DHR International, Inc. and Global Velocity Inc. Mr. Donald serves as Director of Donald Danforth Plant Science Center. Mr. Donald also serves on the Boards of Carleton College; Washington University; United Way of Greater St. Louis; St. Louis Art Museum; Missouri Botanical Garden; St. Louis Science Center; Opera Theatre of St. Louis; Boy Scouts of America Greater St. Louis Area Council; St. Louis Regional Commerce and Growth Association; Grocery Manufacturers of America and St. Louis Sports Commission. Mr. Donald serves as a Member of the Board of Managers at Bridgewell Resources LLC. He serves as a Director of BJC Health System, Inc., Atlas Holdings LLC and Crown Cork & Seal Company, Inc. He served as a Director of Bank of Montreal and of Harris Financial Corporation, Efficas, Inc.; The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company from 2000 to January 22, 2009; Belden Inc. since August 2000; and Laclede Gas Company since 2003. He served as a Director of Oil-Dri Corporation of America from 1997 to January 23, 2013; Merisant Company, Inc. since April 2000; and BMO Financial Corp. since February 2009. He served as Director of The Laclede Group, Inc. from 2003 to January 31, 2014. He served as a Director of Barnes-Jewish Hospital Inc. He served on the Boards of the United States Russia Business Council, Eurasia Foundation, the British-American Project, the FFA and the 4-H among others. He serves as a Trustee of Dillard University and Atlas Foundation. He serves on the President's Export Council, appointed initially by President Clinton and then re-appointed by President Bush. In 1998, he received the Washington University Distinguished Alumni Award. In 1999, he received the Eagle Award from the National Eagle Leadership Institute and in 2000 he received the Black Engineers President's Award. He was recognized by the agricultural industry as Agri-Marketer of the Year in 1996. In 1997, he was named Executive of the Year by Black Enterprise Magazine. Mr. Donald received an M.B.A. from the University Of Chicago Graduate School Of Business in 1980, a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from Washington University in St. Louis in 1977 and a B.A. Degree in Economics from Carleton College in 1976.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
3655 NW 87th AvenueMiami, Florida 33178United StatesPhone: 305-599-2600Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorDHR International, Inc.Chairman of the BoardMerisant US, Inc.TrusteeDillard UniversityDirectorBJC Health System, Inc.DirectorGlobal Velocity, Inc.DirectorDonald Danforth Plant Science CenterOperating Partner and DirectorAtlas Holdings LLC1999-PresentIndependent DirectorCrown Holdings, Inc.2001-PresentChief Executive Officer, President and DirectorCarnival Corporation2003-PresentChief Executive Officer, President and Director Carnival plc2003-PresentPresident, CEO & DirectorCarnival Corporation & plc2004-PresentDirectorRussell Brands, LLC2013-PresentIndependent DirectorBank of America Corporation2017-PresentGlobal ChairCruise Lines International Association, Inc.
Education
BS 1977Washington University, St. LouisBA 1976Carleton CollegeMBA 1980The University of Chicago Booth School of Business
Other Affiliations
Bank of America CorporationBank of MontrealWind Point PartnersCrown Holdings, Inc.Russell Brands, LLCMerisant Company, Inc.Belden Inc.Spire Inc.Oil-Dri Corporation of AmericaTransCanada CorporationThe Scotts Miracle-Gro CompanyCarnival plcDHR International, Inc.BMO Financial Corp.Washington University, St. LouisCarleton CollegeLaclede Gas CompanyBarnes-Jewish Hospital, Inc.Merisant US, Inc.Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International Inc.Dillard UniversityThe University of Chicago Booth School of BusinessBJC Health System, Inc.Global Velocity, Inc.Donald Danforth Plant Science CenterEfficas Medical Foods & Nutrition, LLCMerisant Worldwide Inc.Atlas Holdings LLCCarnival Corporation & plcCruise Lines International Association, Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$1,000,000Total Annual Compensation$1,000,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$4,598,986All Other Compensation$241,584
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$5,282,834Total Short Term Compensation$1,000,000Other Long Term Compensation$4,840,570Total Calculated Compensation$9,881,820




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationChristopher J. Nassetta President, CEO & DirectorHilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.$1.2MRichard D. Fain Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerRoyal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.$1.1MFriedrich  Joussen Chairman of Executive Board & CEOTUI AG$2.0MArnold W. Donald Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Carnival plc$1.0MJane Jie  Sun Chief Executive Officer and DirectorCtrip.com International, Ltd.--Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Carnival Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Arnold W. Donald - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Arnold W. Donald
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Carnival


View Full Profile
Are you Arnold W. Donald? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Arnold W. Donald's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Arnold W. Donald's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Arnold W. Donald's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Arnold W. Donald through your network of contacts.
												








Arnold W. Donald's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Carnival


Board Member, 
Bank of America Corporation


Board Member, 
Crown Holdings Inc.


Past
To view Arnold W. Donald's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Washington University in St Louis


														 M.B.A., 
															University of Chicago


														 B.A., 
															Carleton College


Age
62

 
 


Arnold W. Donald's Biography




			Mr. Donald, the Company's longest-serving Independent Director, brings to the Board leadership and other senior management experience and a deep understanding of the food industry from his prior role as chairman and CEO of a food industry company.  As the active CEO of another Fortune 500 company, Mr. Donald provides expertise regarding management of a large multi-national enterprise.  In addition, Mr. Donald's broad experience in corporate governance as a CEO and director, past and present, of a number of other NYSE-listed companies in various industries brings a valuable added dimension to the Board.
		
Source: Crown Holdings Inc. on 02/24/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Arnold W. Donald's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Arnold W. Donald. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Arnold W. Donald's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Arnold W. Donald's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Arnold W. Donald through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Arnold W. Donald


















Arnold W. Donald's Connections (805)





Sign up now to view Arnold W. Donald's 805 connections »









Diane M. Sullivan
Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board, Caleres, Inc.









John W. Bachmann
Former Board Member, American Airlines Group Inc.









Harold A. Sorgenti
Board Member, Aemetis, Inc.









Charles K. Gifford
Board Member, CBS Corporation









Brian T. Moynihan
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Bank of America Corporation









Charles O. Holliday
Board Member, Royal Dutch Shell plc









Jonathon Band
Former Board Member, Carnival









Thomas J. May
Chairman of the Board, Viacom, Inc.









Stephanie M. Shern
Board Member, GameStop Corp.









James H. Miller
Board Member, Crown Holdings Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Arnold W. Donald - Wikipedia





















 






Arnold W. Donald

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Arnold W. Donald


Born
1954 (age 62–63)
New Orleans, Louisiana, U.S.


Alma mater
Carleton College


Occupation
Businessman


Arnold W. Donald (born 1954) is an American businessman. He serves as the chief executive officer (CEO) of Carnival Corporation & plc since 3 July 2013, replacing Micky Arison.
Life and career[edit]
Donald was born and raised in New Orleans, Louisiana.[1] He graduated from St. Augustine High School[2] He holds a bachelor degree in economics from Carleton College in 1976 and a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from Washington University in St. Louis in 1977. He received an M.B.A. from the University Of Chicago Graduate School Of Business in 1980. [1]
Donald started his career, working at Monsanto in St. Louis and served various positions over 23 years, including as the President at Monsanto's Nutrition and Consumer sectors and Senior Vice President of the parent company.
References[edit]



^ a b Blanco, Octavio (June 23, 2016). "From New Orleans' Ninth Ward to CEO of Carnival Corp.". CNN Money. Retrieved May 24, 2017. 
^ "Carnival cruise company names New Orleanian as CEO". NOLA. Retrieved 17 March 2014. 






This article about a chief executive from the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Arnold_W._Donald&oldid=786738632"					
Categories: 1954 birthsLiving peopleAmerican chief executives of travel and tourism industry companiesBusinesspeople from New OrleansSt. Augustine High School (New Orleans) alumniCarleton College alumniAmerican chief executive stubsHidden categories: Use mdy dates from February 2017Articles with hCardsAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسی 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 21 June 2017, at 09:29.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Arnold W. Donald: Black Entrepreneurs, Black CEO, Black Executive, Black Billionaires, Entrepreneur Profile













menu

   



 search 





















Arnold W. Donald





By: Errol I. Mars
Born: c. 1955, New Orleans, LA,
Company: Carnival Corporation & plc,
Position: President and Chief Executive Officer,
Industry: Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines,
Country: United States




Arnold W. Donald has been President and Chief Executive Officer of Carnival Corporation & plc since July 2013. Mr. Donald has been a director of Carnival Corporation since 2001 and a director of Carnival plc since 2003.
He is also Principal of AWDPLC LLC, a private investment company. He was President and Chief Executive Officer of The Executive Leadership Council, a professional network of African-American executives of major U.S. companies, from 2010 to June 2012. 
He previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International from 2006 to 2008.
Mr. Donald was Chairman (2000 -2005) and Chief Executive Officer (2000 - 2003) of Merisant Company, whose products include leading global tabletop sweetener brands Equal and Canderel.
While running Monsanto's $4 billion agriculture business, Mr. Donald persuaded the company to sell him its Equal division. Merisant, the $400 million company he founded in St. Louis, is now the undisputed leader in the artificial sweetener market. 
Prior to assuming leadership of Merisant, Mr. Donald was a senior executive at Monsanto Company in St. Louis, MO. He joined Monsanto in industrial chemical sales in 1977 and worked in ever more challenging and responsible roles in his 20 plus years with that company. In January 1998, he was appointed Senior Vice-President of the corporation with worldwide responsibility in areas that include the company's growth, globalization, and technology initiatives.
Prior to that, Mr. Donald was President of the $4 billion plus agricultural sector, overseeing three years of tremendous growth and marked by the successful introduction and commercialization of Monsanto's first crop protection products resulting from modern plant biotechnology. He was recognized by the agricultural industry as Agri-Marketer of the Year in 1996.
In 1997, Mr. Donald was named Executive of the Year by Black Enterprise Magazine; in 1998, he received the Washington University Distinguished Alumni Award; in 1999, he received the Eagle Award from the National Eagle Leadership Institute; and in 2000 he received the Black Engineers President's Award. In July 2002, Fortune Magazine named Mr. Donald #17 on their list of "The 50 Most Powerful Black Executives in America".
Mr. Donald received a BA degree from Carleton College, a BS degree in mechanical engineering from Washington University in St. Louis, and an MBA from the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business.











Latest Profiles


Maxine Williams



Born: Trinidad and Tobago;
Position: Global Director of Diversity;
Company: Facebook;
Industry: Technology, Internet;
Country: United States


Ime Archibong



Born: Kansas, United States;
Position: Director of Global Product Partnerships;
Company: Facebook;
Industry: Technology, Internet;
Country: United States


Peter Amangbo



Position: CEO;
Company: Zenith Bank PLC.;
Industry: Financial Services;
Country: Nigeria






More Profiles



Latest Articles


Russell Simmons Sells UniRush, LLC, Operating Company for RushCard and Rapid! PayCard



2017/01/30 - Green Dot Corporation (NYSE:GDOT) today announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire UniRush, LLC, and its operating businesses RushCard, a leading online direct-to-consumer general purpose reloadable...


Rosalind Brewer to Step Down as Sam's Club CEO



Rosalind Brewer, the first woman and first black person to lead a business unit of Wal-Mart, is stepping down at the end of January 2017. Her departure leaves no women or people of colour with a CEO title at...


Only 2 Black Billionaires Make 2016 Forbes 400 Richest Americans List



Forbes magazine has published is annually ranking of the 400 Richest Americans for 2016. Again only two black Americans were on the list this year, Oprah Winfrey and Robert Smith.
"The country’s 400 richest are wealthier...


Jay Z Signs Film & TV Production Deal With the Weinstein Company



Jay Z signed a two-year deal to produce TV and film projects with the The Weinstein Company.
In a statement, Jay Z said, "I’m excited to tell stories from real life prophets, whom through their struggles have...


Salesforce Names Tony Prophet as Chief Equality Officer



Proven technology industry executive and human rights advocate to lead company's equality initiatives, reporting to Chairman and CEO Marc Benioff.














































One year in, Carnival CEO Arnold Donald is working to right the ship | Miami Herald



























































News
Sports
Business
Real Estate









































                        83°
                    

































Business

July 04, 2014 6:20 PM
One year in, Carnival CEO Arnold Donald is working to right the ship



                    By Hannah Sampson 
                

















LinkedIn
Google+
Pinterest
Reddit
Print
Order Reprint of this Story








A year after stepping into the top job at Carnival Corp., Arnold Donald still doesn’t know what he was thinking when he heard the offer. 
After a board member from the world’s largest cruise company called him to say that then-Chairman and CEO Micky Arison — son of the company’s founder — wanted him to take the job of president and CEO, Donald had to mull it over for a couple days. He was enjoying life: retired but busy, advising a couple of private equity firms and serving on several nonprofit and corporate boards.
“I have to be honest. Now that I’ve done it, I was an idiot,” Donald said in a recent interview. “I should have been begging for the job. It is a blast.”
Donald, 59, started the job at the Doral-based cruise giant a year ago after serving on Carnival’s board for 12 years. He was a longtime cruisegoer who took his first vacation at sea to play blackjack and had a professional background that veered closer to science, technology and agriculture than the business of leisure. 
In fact, his roots in business reach all the way back to an enterprising childhood in New Orleans.




The youngest of five children born to poor but hardworking parents, Donald’s first introduction to entrepreneurship involved buying candy in large quantities and then selling pieces to his older sisters at a markup.
One of those sisters taught him to read and write before kindergarten, and Donald became a voracious reader as well as an epic Monopoly player. On weekends, the family would pile into a car and visit relatives, making the levee and sugar cane fields their playground.
“We didn’t take any other vacations,” said Donald, now a married father of three with five grandchildren (and one on the way).
Neither of his parents finished high school. Father Warren, “a rural Louisiana renaissance man,” had a job in a department store and worked as a carpenter; he built the family’s home himself. Mother Hilda, an outgoing personality who was full of ambition, took the jobs she could find, including work as a maid and schoolteacher.
They instilled a value for education and the church in their own five kids, and welcomed others as well, taking in a total of 27 foster children during Donald’s school years. 



Thanks to encouragement from his family, church and schools, and inspiration from the civil rights movement and the historical figures in books he was devouring, Donald said he never lacked self-confidence: “I believed I could do whatever I wanted to do.”
Although he was black in a segregated society, Donald came of age as opportunities started to open up. When he was in eighth grade, historically black schools were finally allowed to play white schools in sports. He could march in the Mardi Gras parade for the first time.
And his Catholic high school in New Orleans, the all-black, all-boy St. Augustine, drilled high expectations into its students three times a day: “Gentlemen, prepare yourselves. You’re going to run the world.”
So amid his participation in the debate team, math competitions, marching band and jazz band (where he played the alto sax), Donald formed his own run-the-world plan. In his junior year of high school, he decided he would become a general manager in a Fortune 50 science-based global corporation — and then set about tackling the goal.
Dr. Griffin Rodgers, director of the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, met Donald when both were accepted into the eighth grade class at St. Augustine in 1968. His classmate had “an encyclopedic memory,” Rodgers said, not only for his studies but also for subjects such as sports statistics and music.



High school internships, summer programs, study abroad and college degrees (in liberal arts and engineering) all led to a career at agriculture company Monsanto that lasted more than 20 years. Donald’s positions there included president of the agricultural sector and president of the consumer and nutrition sector.
In 2000, he and other investors bought Equal and other brands from Monsanto and formed Merisant, which focused on marketing the sweetener. Both jobs required Donald to evangelize on behalf of his product, whether he was trying to convince Europeans that genetically modified crops could be beneficial or persuade Sweet & Low users to switch to Equal.
“I really believed in the impact [the products] can have,” he said. “And so in that regard, it was great preparation for where I am now. I wouldn’t work with a product I didn’t believe in.”
Later jobs — president and CEO of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation and head of the Executive Leadership Council, a network for African-American executives — also required an outspoken advocate.
As an ambassador now for Carnival Corp. and its 10 brands around the world, Donald finds himself making a new pitch. 
“It’s bringing the world closer, it’s giving people a broader view of humanity, it’s life’s little moments,” he said. “I really believe it. I’m not a snake oil salesman.”
After starting the job last July, Donald spent months hearing from employees at the company’s 10 brands. The head of those brands have in the past been encouraged to operate with autonomy, and one of Donald’s major iniatives has been to encourage leaders across different groups to better cooperate in an effort to trim costs and grow revenue.
Karl Sestak, who has worked with Donald since both were at Monsanto — and who has a consulting agreement with Carnival — said Donald approached the executives “respecting the fact that these guys knew a lot more about the business than he did, not trying to pretend that he was coming in to make everything better.”
The drive and careful planning that Donald cultivated in his youth are still evident in his leadership at Carnival, where he is known to start discussions on a topic by asking what success would look like — and how, step by step, it can be achieved.
“Arnold is probably one of the more analytical people I’ve ever bumped into in my life,” said Alan Buckelew, who headed the Princess Cruises brand before Donald asked him to become chief operations officer of the corporate parent. “He uses in some way the Socratic method, the Arnold Donald version. He asks lots of questions.”
Donald said Arison, who remains the company’s chairman, gives him freedom to operate but remains available around the clock. He doesn’t have to be right all the time, he doesn’t have to own the decision, it doesn’t have to be his way,” Donald said. 
Arison was not available to comment for this story.
Though he now works primarily in Miami, Donald has kept his home in St. Louis, where he and his wife of 40 years, Hazel, have deep roots. They also bought a condo in South Beach, and Donald said he spends more time in Miami than anywhere else. He travels frequently for the job, and spends one night a week or less in St. Louis.
While he seems comfortable representing the company at industry events, poking gentle fun at himself or rivals, he described himself as a “newbie” who doesn’t have much history yet with the leaders of competing brands.
“Nobody particularly likes me or dislikes me,” he said.
Evidence that he’s right: Through a spokeswoman, Norwegian Cruise Line CEO Kevin Sheehan said he didn’t have much to say for this story “other than Arnold seems like a nice guy and is a good dancer.”
Rodgers, the high school classmate, has kept in touch with Donald and said the Carnival job seemed a good fit for his skillset.
“He’s always been a very thoughtful and considerate guy and he really puts people very much at ease,” Rodgers said. “In the entertainment world, this is the kind of person that you need: someone who’s very smart but can kind of really put the emphasis on the customer.”
Donald’s appointment followed a difficult 18-month stretch for the cruise industry and particularly Carnival. In January of 2012, the Costa Concordia — part of Carnival-owned Costa Cruises — wrecked in Italian waters, killing 32 people. A little more than a year later, fire disabled the Carnival Triumph in the Gulf of Mexico, leading to days of constant coverage as uncomfortable passengers were towed to land.
In both cases, Arison stayed out of the public eye and let the CEOs of each brand handle the press, typical of his management style. But his behind-the-scenes role didn’t play well with many observers, and he came in for some harsh criticism.
Donald said the circumstances when he took the job required him to be a public face for the company, especially because he realized that Carnival wouldn’t get the attention it wanted without participation from the CEO.
“We needed to balance some of the stuff that was going on and the talk about us and about the incidents,” he said. “I’d rather have somebody far more attractive, far more eloquent and in many areas far more knowledgeable at it,” Donald said of the media spotlight. “For the time being, I’m what they get.”
Buckelew, the chief operations officer, said Donald considers it his job to address hype with fact and present a message of stability to shareholders and vacationers alike.
“I think he sees that as a very important part of his role as the leader of the company,” Buckelew said. “To be its principal spokesperson who’s consistently telling the same message and making sure people — whether they’re investors or passengers or people who hopefully are considering a cruise someday — can see him and maybe walk away with a different point of view of the Carnival group.”
According to a company spokesman, Donald has appeared on CNBC a number of times since his appointment, as well as Bloomberg TV, Associated Press Television News, Black Enterprise TV and CBS This Morning.
It’s a role he seems to be enjoying more than his predecessor, said Anne Kalosh, the U.S. editor of the Seatrade Cruise Review magazine and seatrade-insider.com.
“I think Arnold is very media savvy,” she said. “He’s been doing a lot of interviews – he’s been on TV, he’s been talking to print media, he talks to the trade.”
And, she noted, Kalosh said Donald also has more people working with him on communicating his key talking points to the press. “I think he’s also got a number of handlers, which is different from Micky,” she said. “They’re doing more messaging-oriented communication than Micky did.”
Analysts who follow the cruise industry say that while Donald’s higher-profile style is a welcome change, the question remains whether he will steer Carnival to success.
“Like a ship, a company takes a long time to turn around,” said Matthew Jacob, a director at ITG Investment Research. “I think it’s too early to judge whether or not he’ll end up ultimately being successful. But things seem to be generally moving in the right direction.”
Late last month, Carnival released earnings for the second fiscal quarter. While results were better than expected, the company surprised Wall Street by scaling down expectations for the third quarter. The stock price fell nearly 3 percent.
Morningstar equity analyst Jaime Katz said Donald has talked a lot about plans to take greater advantage of scale, but details and specific cost saving expectations have been scarce.
“Nothing has really happened yet since he’s been there,” she said. “It’s sort of been business as usual.”
Katz said she expects to get a better sense of how Donald might be shaping the company within the next six months.
“I think first there was certainly a lot of surprise because he hasn’t been ingrained in the industry,” she said. “There’s something sometimes positive about a fresh set of eyes.”
Donald, whose initial employment agreement was for a period of three years, said his short-term goals are clear: deliver double-digit returns on invested capital in the next three to five years. After that, he said, he and the board will see where things stand.
“I know there are a lot of people who are concerned they’re going to have to pry me out of here with a crowbar,” he said. “It is fun, I’m not kidding you.”








Never miss a local story.
Sign up today for a 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access.

SUBSCRIBE NOW























LinkedIn
Google+
Pinterest
Reddit
Print
Order Reprint of this Story









  Comments  















Videos







3 days ago

What's it's like behind the scenes at TSA in Miami









2:10


3 days ago
What's it's like behind the scenes at TSA in Miami






2:37


3 days ago
What is the dark web?






1:12


10 days ago
Disney unveils model of upcoming Star Wars land










                            View More Video
                        












                        Business
                    





                                        Tourism lifts Cuban economy but overall outlook is cloudy
                                    







                                        Should you buy or rent? What are the best neighborhoods? Here’s our 2017 real estate study
                                    







                                        These visas may vanish, even though they have paid for lots of Miami buildings
                                    







                                        Senior-level hires and promotions for the week of July 24, 2017
                                    







                                        CEOs weigh in on balancing family, relaxation during vacations
                                    






                            Business
                        



































Subscriptions




Digital Subscriptions
Digital Edition
Home Delivery
Vacation Hold
Report a Delivery Error
Miami Herald Rewards






Site Information




Customer Service
About Us
Contact Us
NewsMedia in Education
Public Insight Network
Reader Panel






Social, Mobile & More




Text News Alerts
Mobile & Apps
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Newsletters






Advertising




Place a Classified
Media Kit
Commercial Printing
Public Notices
Shopping









More




Copyright
Commenting Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service





























































