

























Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Position Raised by Donald L. Hagan LLC - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Apple Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Apple Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Russell Investments Group Ltd. Has $193,000 Position in Sierra Bancorp (NASDAQ:BSRR)
15,834 Shares in Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) Acquired by Johanson Financial Advisors Inc.
Nationwide Fund Advisors Decreases Stake in Duluth Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:DLTH)
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Position Raised by Donald L. Hagan LLC
Marble Harbor Investment Counsel LLC Maintains Stake in Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB)
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Cuts Position in Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN)
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Increases Position in Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (AAOI)
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) Position Lowered by Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL
Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (NASDAQ:AXTA) CFO Robert W. Bryant Sells 114,500 Shares
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $1.79 Million Position in Ferroglobe PLC (GSM)
Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Shares Sold by Ameriprise Financial Inc.
Warren Averett Asset Management LLC Invests $1.29 Million in Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST)
Insmed, Inc. (INSM) Shares Sold by Ameriprise Financial Inc.
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Purchases Shares of 40,762 Wayfair Inc. (W)
U.S. Bancorp (USB) Shares Bought by Paragon Capital Management LLC
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) Shares Bought by Lincoln National Corp
Clarius Group LLC Has $3.88 Million Position in Starbucks Corporation (SBUX)
Rent-A-Center (RCII) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.17
Firstmerit Corp (FMER) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Finds
$934.95 Million in Sales Expected for NiSource, Inc (NYSE:NI) This Quarter


 


Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Position Raised by Donald L. Hagan LLC

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 

Donald L. Hagan LLC boosted its position in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) by 2.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 6,649 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock after buying an additional 150 shares during the period. Donald L. Hagan LLC’s holdings in Apple were worth $955,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Howland Capital Management LLC increased its position in Apple by 10.2% in the first quarter. Howland Capital Management LLC now owns 38,179 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $5,485,000 after buying an additional 3,543 shares during the period. First United Bank Trust increased its position in Apple by 5.0% in the first quarter. First United Bank Trust now owns 16,016 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $2,301,000 after buying an additional 761 shares during the period. M. Kraus & Co increased its position in Apple by 9.2% in the first quarter. M. Kraus & Co now owns 2,192 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $315,000 after buying an additional 185 shares during the period. Affinity Wealth Management increased its position in Apple by 11.3% in the first quarter. Affinity Wealth Management now owns 7,110 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $1,021,000 after buying an additional 720 shares during the period. Finally, Highwater Wealth Management LLC increased its position in Apple by 64.7% in the first quarter. Highwater Wealth Management LLC now owns 4,449 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $639,000 after buying an additional 1,748 shares during the period. 61.23% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Apple Inc. alerts:



Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) opened at 152.09 on Tuesday. Apple Inc. has a 1-year low of $96.42 and a 1-year high of $156.65. The stock has a market cap of $792.97 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.84 and a beta of 1.31. The company’s 50-day moving average is $147.28 and its 200 day moving average is $141.20. 




Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. Apple had a net margin of 20.74% and a return on equity of 35.09%. The business had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $52.61 billion. Equities research analysts anticipate that Apple Inc. will post $8.91 EPS for the current year. 
Apple declared that its board has approved a stock buyback plan on Tuesday, May 2nd that authorizes the company to buyback $50.00 billion in shares. This buyback authorization authorizes the iPhone maker to purchase up to 6.5% of its stock through open market purchases. Stock buyback plans are generally an indication that the company’s board of directors believes its shares are undervalued. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was first published by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/25/apple-inc-nasdaqaapl-stake-boosted-by-donald-l-hagan-llc-updated.html. 
A number of research analysts have issued reports on AAPL shares. Royal Bank Of Canada reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $168.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research report on Monday. Loop Capital began coverage on Apple in a report on Monday. They set a “buy” rating and a $172.00 price target on the stock. Wells Fargo & Company restated a “market perform” rating and set a $140.00 price target on shares of Apple in a report on Saturday. Guggenheim reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $180.00 target price on shares of Apple in a report on Friday. Finally, UBS AG reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $170.00 target price on shares of Apple in a report on Friday. Eleven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-three have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Apple currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $160.64.
In related news, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 75,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $147.98, for a total transaction of $11,098,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 154,116 shares in the company, valued at approximately $22,806,085.68. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Luca Maestri sold 4,757 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, June 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $154.70, for a total transaction of $735,907.90. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 3,414 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $528,145.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 373,000 shares of company stock valued at $56,497,046 over the last 90 days. 0.08% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. 
Apple Company Profile
Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿

























Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) Shares Sold by Donald L. Hagan LLC - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Exxon Mobil Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Exxon Mobil Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO Has $3.13 Million Stake in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)
Clearbridge Investments LLC Has $75.99 Million Position in Alkermes PLC (NASDAQ:ALKS)
Pepsico, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) Position Held by Loeb Partners Corp
Roanoke Asset Management Corp NY Has $452,000 Position in Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX)
Motco Has $10.40 Million Position in J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM)
Deschutes Portfolio Strategy LLC Has $355,000 Position in General Electric Company (NYSE:GE)
BKD Wealth Advisors LLC Sells 722 Shares of Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT)
Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) Shares Sold by Donald L. Hagan LLC
Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG (NYSE:AWH) Shares Sold by Clearbridge Investments LLC
PetroChina Company Limited (NYSE:PTR) Position Decreased by Causeway Capital Management LLC
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Cuts Stake in Mallinckrodt PLC (NYSE:MNK)
Sientra, Inc. (NASDAQ:SIEN) Upgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine
Reed's (REED) versus Pepsico (PEP) Head-To-Head Comparison
Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) Shares Sold by Sky Investment Group LLC
Causeway Capital Management LLC Has $4.30 Million Position in China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation (NYSE:SNP)
LKQ (NASDAQ:LKQX) and LKQ Corporation (LKQ) Financial Review
Reviewing Amerco (UHAL) & Textainer Group Holdings Limited (NYSE:TGH)
Head to Head Contrast: Herman Miller (MLHR) & Virco Manufacturing Corporation (NASDAQ:VIRC)
Ameren Corporation (AEE) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.64 Per Share
Booker Group Plc (LON:BOK) Earns Sell Rating from Shore Capital


 


Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) Shares Sold by Donald L. Hagan LLC

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 

Donald L. Hagan LLC cut its position in shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) by 2.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 45,985 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock after selling 999 shares during the period. Exxon Mobil Corporation makes up approximately 3.6% of Donald L. Hagan LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 5th largest position. Donald L. Hagan LLC’s holdings in Exxon Mobil Corporation were worth $3,771,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation by 4.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 200,026,488 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $18,054,385,000 after buying an additional 8,303,490 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $3,306,084,000. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its position in Exxon Mobil Corporation by 6.9% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 7,259,876 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $655,276,000 after buying an additional 471,230 shares during the period. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. increased its position in Exxon Mobil Corporation by 824.4% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 7,221,961 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $651,912,000 after buying an additional 6,440,709 shares during the period. Finally, AQR Capital Management LLC increased its position in Exxon Mobil Corporation by 7.4% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 4,574,206 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $412,868,000 after buying an additional 315,106 shares during the period. 50.54% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Exxon Mobil Corporation alerts:



Shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) traded down 0.92% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $80.12. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 12,268,605 shares. Exxon Mobil Corporation has a 12 month low of $79.26 and a 12 month high of $94.29. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $81.25 and its 200 day moving average is $82.50. The stock has a market capitalization of $339.49 billion, a PE ratio of 33.43 and a beta of 0.82. 




Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The oil and gas company reported $0.95 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.85 by $0.10. The firm had revenue of $63.29 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $64.88 billion. Exxon Mobil Corporation had a net margin of 4.17% and a return on equity of 6.78%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 29.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.43 earnings per share. On average, analysts forecast that Exxon Mobil Corporation will post $3.53 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) Shares Sold by Donald L. Hagan LLC” was posted by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/exxon-mobil-corporation-nysexom-position-cut-by-donald-l-hagan-llc-updated-updated.html. 
Several research firms have recently weighed in on XOM. Vetr downgraded Exxon Mobil Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $85.59 target price on the stock. in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Scotiabank set a $86.00 target price on Exxon Mobil Corporation and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, June 17th. Morgan Stanley restated a “sell” rating and issued a $84.00 target price on shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation in a research report on Thursday, April 13th. HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a $85.00 price objective on shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation in a research report on Thursday, April 13th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $86.00 price objective on shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation in a research report on Wednesday, May 17th. Nine investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating, ten have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $85.67.
About Exxon Mobil Corporation
Exxon Mobil Corporation is engaged in energy business. The Company is engaged in the exploration, production, transportation and sale of crude oil and natural gas, and the manufacture, transportation and sale of petroleum products. The Company also manufactures and markets commodity petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics, and a range of specialty products. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Exxon Mobil Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 









































 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















DONALD L. HAGAN LLC- Ratings & Rankings by Symmetric




 






























Home
About

Pricing

Login


























DONALD L. HAGAN LLC



Get the Full Report
















 DONALD L. HAGAN LLC Overview



												   Donald L. Hagan Llc is an investment advisor that manages 192.8 MM dollars in regulatory AUM and has 8 employees, of which 5 perform investment advisory functions. The manager's has disclosed holdings from 12/31/14 to 03/31/17. The fund's latest filing disclosed 104MM in positions, representing 54% of the manager's regulatory AUM.
												



Get the Full Report









					
					 DONALD L. HAGAN LLC StockAlpha 
					
					






-3%





Top 25%



2.5yr StockAlpha
Register for more...
















Fundamental & Technical Factor Exposure
										






Market Cap
Beta
Volatility


Momentum (12M)
Momentum (6M)
Momentum (3M)


Price/Book
Price/Earnings
Price/Cash Flow


Dividend Yield
Sales Growth
Earnings Growth


ROE
ROA
ROC


EBIDTA Margin
Debt/Assets
Hedge Fund Crowding









 DONALD L. HAGAN LLC Since Last Filing Return Details
																										






Ticker
Size
Sector
Stock Move

StockAlpha Attribution
Days to Liquidate
Trade Crowdedness




UPS
17.43%
Industrials
1.26%

-0.58%
0
17%



IVV
9.05%
ETF
5.38%

0%
0
9%





Get the Full Report














×
Register to Unlock



Unlock profile and also get:

Manager Positions and Return Details
Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration
Manager Performance Estimates
Top Stock Pickers Report













We take your privacy seriously. Your information will never be shared with any third party











×
Download PDF Report





GENERATING REPORT...

								
								This may take upto 60 secs. 
















FEATURED IN





















 DONALD L. HAGAN LLC Founders and Key Employees






Name
Title
In Position Since







Donald L. Hagan
Managing Member
September-2004


Arthur S. Day
Managing Member
April-2006


Linda S. Brown
Chief Compliance Officer
January-2013










 DONALD L. HAGAN LLC Brokers, Custodians, Auditors and Administrators






Type
Company

















 DONALD L. HAGAN LLC Investment Strategy


				
					   Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss We will use one  or more  of the following methods of analysis or investment strategies when  providing investment advice  to you:•   Charting Analysis - involves the gathering and  processing of price and  volume information for aparticular security. This price and  volume information is analyzed using  mathematical equations. The resulting data  is then  applied to graphing charts, which is used to predict future price movements based on price patterns and  trends.    10 ©2012 National Compliance Services 800-800-3204•   Fundamental Analysis - involves analyzing individual companies and  their industry groups, such as a company's financial statements, details regarding the company's product  line, the experience and  expertise of the company's management, and  the outlook for the company's industry. The resulting data  is used to measure the true value of the company...Get the Full Report







 DONALD L. HAGAN LLC Portfolio Concentration




Get the Full Report











 DONALD L. HAGAN LLC Location



1000 S. TAMIAMI TRAIL 
SARASOTA, 
Florida
UNITED STATES, 
34236








  DONALD L. HAGAN LLC Contact Information



							Phone Number: 941-330-1702
							Fax Number: 941-684-0723
							Website: http://www.dayhagan.com









READ RECENT SYMMETRIC REPORTS






















Disclaimer



				
		The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Symmetric and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Symmetric nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance and skill metrics are no guarantee of future results. "Symmetric," "Symmetric.io" and the Symmetric logo are marks of Symmetric, Inc. Read our privacy policy here. Read our terms of use here



  

Featured Download

DONALD L. HAGAN LLC FULL REPORT

LEARN MORE






















 Path B		  











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) | Daily Political










































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















CA Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)					

Carl Domino Inc Decreases Stake in Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI)					

Carl Domino Inc Sells 3,000 Shares of Masco Corporation (MAS)					

Carbonite, Inc. (NASDAQ:CARB) Stake Maintained by Carl Domino Inc					

Eagle Materials Inc (NYSE:EXP) Position Maintained by Carl Domino Inc					

Berkshire Asset Management LLC PA Boosts Position in TE Connectivity Ltd. (TEL)					

Medidata Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDSO) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.82 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts					

Boenning Scattergood Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. (SASR)					

Quaint Oak Bancorp Inc (QNTO) Announces  Earnings Results					

Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation (NYSE:WAB) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.14 EPS					

AMEC Foster Wheeler plc American Depositary Shares (NASDAQ:AMFW) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.23					

Chemical Financial Corporation (CHFC) Announces  Earnings Results					

Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Verifone Systems (NYSE:PAY) Stock Price					

Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Allscripts Healthcare Solutions (MDRX) Share Price					

Globalstar (GSAT) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.19					

Axiom Securities Reiterates “Sell” Rating for United States Steel Corporation (X)					

TRI Pointe Group (NYSE:TPH) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows					

VALE S.A. (NYSE:VALE) Downgraded to “Buy” at BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Lowers Unisys Corporation (UIS) to Hold					

Western Alliance Bancorporation’s (WAL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC					





 





						Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)					

						 July 26th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Jeff Wilder 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Carl Domino Inc boosted its position in  CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) by 1.0% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 33,596 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 340 shares during the period. Carl Domino Inc’s holdings in CA were worth $1,158,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in CA. FMR LLC increased its position in  CA by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 119,299 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $3,790,000 after buying an additional 621 shares in the last quarter.  Quadrature Capital Ltd purchased a new position in  CA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $502,000.  UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in  CA by 6.3% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 2,090,277 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $66,407,000 after buying an additional 123,497 shares in the last quarter.  Kentucky Retirement Systems purchased a new position in  CA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $722,000.  Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund purchased a new position in  CA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $322,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  70.74% of the company’s stock. 
CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) traded down 1.08% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $34.65. The stock had a trading volume of 579,386 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $14.48 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.73 and a beta of 0.87. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $33.64 and a 200-day moving average price of $32.49. CA Inc. has a 1-year low of $30.01 and a 1-year high of $36.54. 




CA (NASDAQ:CA) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.49 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $1.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $996.59 million. CA had a return on equity of 17.15% and a net margin of 19.20%. The firm’s revenue was up .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.60 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  CA Inc. will post $2.38 earnings per share for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)” was first  posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/26/carl-domino-inc-raises-stake-in-ca-inc-nasdaqca.html. 
Several equities analysts have commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded CA from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. DA Davidson downgraded CA from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, April 10th. Piper Jaffray Companies increased their price target on CA from $42.00 to $45.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, April 17th. Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 price target on shares of CA in a report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, FIG Partners upgraded CA to an “outperform” rating and increased their price target for the company from $40.00 to $42.25 in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and five have issued  a buy rating to the company. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $35.10.
In related news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, June 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total transaction of $1,075,510.28. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 168,455 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,000,367.10. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 0.90% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
CA Company Profile
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA).






Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 


























































Donald L. Hagan, LLC                                                                                                     - Sarasota                                          , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Sarasota



Investment Advice



Manager Of Mutual Funds, Contract Or Fee Basis



                            Donald L. Hagan, LLC
                                    



 





















D 


Donald L. Hagan, LLC                                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1000 S TAMIAMI TRL # 100 SARASOTA, FL 34236
Get Directions



(800) 594-7930
www.dayhagan.com                                                                                        





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $830,000.00
 Employee Count 9
 Industries Manager Of Mutual Funds, Contract Or Fee Basis
 Contacts Donald L Hagan                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Donald L. Hagan, Llc                                                                                                     was founded in 2011, and is located at 1000 S Tamiami Trl # 100 in Sarasota. Additional information is available at www.dayhagan.com                                                                                         or by contacting Donald L Hagan                                                                                                           at (800) 594-7930. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















CEB (NASDAQ:EXBD) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































CEB Company Profile (NASDAQ:EXBD)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About CEB (NASDAQ:EXBD)
CEB Inc. is an insight and technology company. The Company operates through two segments: CEB and CEB Talent Assessment. The CEB segment provides data analysis, research and advisory services that align to executive leadership roles and recurring decisions, and enable members to focus efforts to address business challenges. This includes the Company's memberships for senior executives and their teams. Personnel Decisions Research Institutes, LLC (PDRI), a subsidiary in the CEB segment, provides customized personnel assessment tools and services to various agencies of the United States Government and also to commercial enterprises. The CEB Talent Assessment segment includes the SHL products and services of cloud-based solutions for talent assessment, development, strategy, analytics, decision support and professional services that support those solutions, enabling client access to data, analytics and insights for assessing and managing employees and applicants. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Services
Industry: N/A
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: NASDAQ:EXBD
CUSIP: N/A
Web: N/A



P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: P/E Growth: Dividend:Dividend Yield: 1.0%



 

Frequently Asked Questions for CEB (NASDAQ:EXBD)
What is CEB's stock symbol?

CEB trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "EXBD."



Who are some of CEB's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to CEB include Golfsmith International Holdings (GOLF), International Shipholding (ISH), Box Ships (TEU), 7 DAYS GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED (SVN), ADT Corp (ADT), Aeropostale (ARO), American Airlines Group (AMR), Amex Exploration (INC), Brightpoint (CELL), Cache (CACH), Caribou Coffee Company (CBOU), ChinaEdu (CEDU), Coldwater Creek (CWTRQ), Cost Plus (CPWM), CVSL (CVSL), Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group (DTG), Excel Maritime Carriers LLC (EXM) and Focus Media Holding Limited (FMCN).



How do I buy CEB stock? 

Shares of CEB can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 


MarketBeat Community Rating for CEB (NASDAQ EXBD)Community Ranking:  2.4 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  50 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  53 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  103MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about CEB and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for CEB (NASDAQ:EXBD) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: No ratings tracked in the last 12 months.Consensus Rating:N/A (Score: NaN)Consensus Price Target: N/A

Analysts' Ratings History for CEB (NASDAQ:EXBD)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


                    No equities research coverage for this company has been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Earnings
Earnings History for CEB (NASDAQ:EXBD)Earnings History by Quarter for CEB (NASDAQ EXBD)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails7/30/2012$0.36$0.48ViewN/A5/2/2012$0.38$0.47ViewN/A2/7/2012$0.55$0.59ViewN/A10/31/2011$0.39$0.41ViewN/A8/1/2011$0.37$0.30ViewN/A5/2/2011$0.34$0.33ViewN/A2/9/2011$0.36$0.31ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for CEB (NASDAQ:EXBD)No earnings estimates for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Dividends
Dividend History for CEB (NASDAQ:EXBD)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading History for CEB (NASDAQ:EXBD)No insider trades for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Headlines
Headline Trends for CEB (NASDAQ:EXBD)


Latest Headlines for CEB (NASDAQ:EXBD)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky & Long, P.A. Files Class Action Suit Against CEB Inc.feeds.benzinga.com - March 17 at 3:10 AMCEB Inc. (CEB) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - March 14 at 9:58 AMWhy CEB Inc. Stock Skyrocketed Todaywww.fool.com - January 5 at 1:34 PMCEB Completes Evanta Ventures Acquisitionfeeds.benzinga.com - May 2 at 11:43 AM


Social





Chart
CEB (EXBD) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff















































DONALD L. HAGAN, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      DONALD L. HAGAN, LLC
                    

HTTP://WWW.DHFUNDS.COM
•   SARASOTA, FL
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Donald L. Hagan is based out of Sarasota. Donald L. Hagan is a large advisory firm with  More than 100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $369,608,000 (Form ADV from 2017-03-15).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q2 2017 included $105,748,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 54.64%. Donald L. Hagan's largest holding is United Parcel Service, Inc. Class B with shares held of 142,085.   WhaleWisdom has at least 11 13F filings in our database for Donald L. Hagan. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from DONALD L. HAGAN, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















06/30/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


FLOT
        
        iShares Floating Ra...
5.815%



MINT
        
        PIMCO Enhanced Shor...
5.115%



IWF
        
        iShares Russell 100...
1.558%



LOW
        
        Lowes Companies, Inc.
1.041%



APA
        
        Apache Corp.
0.91%








06/30/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


AGG
         
         iShares Core Total ...
2.618%


UPS
         
         United Parcel Servi...
2.574%


IWN
         
         iShares Russell 200...
2.223%


IVV
         
         iShares Trust - Cor...
2.053%


MCK
         
         McKesson Corp. (New)
0.991%







06/30/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


UPS
                                                  
                                                  United Parcel Service, Inc....
14.8589%


IVV
                                                  
                                                  iShares Trust - Core S&P 50...
6.9921%


AGG
                                                  
                                                  iShares Core Total US Bond ...
5.88%


FLOT
                                                  
                                                  iShares Floating Rate Bond
5.8148%


MINT
                                                  
                                                  PIMCO Enhanced Short Maturi...
5.115%

See All Holdings






06/30/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $105.748 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $103.667 Million
New Purchases7 stocks
Additional Purchases20 stocks
Sold out of7 stocks
Reduced holdings in33 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %54.64%
Turnover %
                        [1]:19.18%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:17.44%
Time Held Top20:4.30 quarters
Time Held Top10:3.70 quarters
Time Held All:6.59 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






06/30/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for DONALD L. HAGAN, LLC






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
0.68%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
11.72%





Performance Metrics
Stats are not available for the latest quarter














Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q2 2017 13F Filings 
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-06-30
2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

DAY HAGAN ASSET MANAGEMENT
 
1000 S. TAMIAMI TRAIL


SARASOTA
FL
            
        34236
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          941-330-1702
Fax:
              941-684-0723


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm,Investment advisor to an investment company
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Liability Company 


Organized in:
FL


Number of employees:
10


Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Hourly charges,Fixed fees,Commissions,THIRD PARTY ADVISORY FEES



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      




            Total Number of Clients:
          




            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




HTTP://WWW.DHFUNDS.COM
HTTP://WWW.DAYHAGAN.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 06/30/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 06/30/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































Pfizer Company Profile (NYSE:PFE)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Pfizer (NYSE:PFE)
Pfizer Inc. (Pfizer) is a research-based global biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in the discovery, development and manufacture of healthcare products. Its global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines, as well as consumer healthcare products. The Company manages its commercial operations through two business segments: Pfizer Innovative Health (IH) and Pfizer Essential Health (EH). IH focuses on developing and commercializing medicines and vaccines, as well as products for consumer healthcare. IH therapeutic areas include internal medicine, vaccines, oncology, inflammation and immunology, rare diseases and consumer healthcare. EH includes legacy brands, branded generics, generic sterile injectable products, biosimilars and infusion systems. EH also includes a research and development (R&D) organization, as well as its contract manufacturing business. Its brands include Prevnar 13, Xeljanz, Eliquis, Lipitor, Celebrex, Pristiq and Viagra. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Medical
Industry: Pharmaceuticals - NEC
Sub-Industry: Pharmaceuticals
Symbol: NYSE:PFE
CUSIP: 71708110
Web: www.pfizer.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $196.28238 billionOutstanding Shares: 5,967,844,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $33.32200 Day Moving Avg: $33.2552 Week Range: $29.83 - $37.39


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 27.78Foreward P/E Ratio: 12.00P/E Growth: 2.30Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $52.6 billionPrice / Sales: 3.74Book Value: $9.79 per sharePrice / Book: 3.37Dividend:Annual Dividend: $1.28Dividend Yield: 3.9%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $19.51 billionNet Margins: 13.76%Return on Equity: 23.68%Return on Assets: 8.48%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.52%Current Ratio: 1.25%Quick Ratio: 1.03%Misc:Average Volume: 20.28 million shs.Beta: 1.01Short Ratio: 2.05

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Pfizer (NYSE:PFE)
What is Pfizer's stock symbol?

Pfizer trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "PFE."



How often does Pfizer pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for Pfizer?

Pfizer declared a quarterly dividend on Thursday, June 22nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, August 4th will be paid a dividend of $0.32 per share on Friday, September 1st. This represents a $1.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.88%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, August 2nd.  View Pfizer's Dividend History.



How were Pfizer's earnings last quarter?

Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE) issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May, 2nd. The company reported $0.69 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts' consensus estimates of $0.67 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $12.78 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $13.09 billion. Pfizer had a net margin of 13.76% and a return on equity of 23.68%. Pfizer's revenue for the quarter was down 1.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.67 earnings per share.  View Pfizer's Earnings History.



When will Pfizer make its next earnings announcement?

Pfizer is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Monday, July, 31st 2017. View Earnings Estimates for Pfizer.



What guidance has Pfizer issued on next quarter's earnings?

Pfizer issued an update on its FY17 earnings guidance on Tuesday, May, 2nd. The company provided earnings per share (EPS) guidance of $2.50-2.60 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus earnings per share estimate of $2.55. The company issued revenue guidance of $52-54 billion, compared to the consensus revenue estimate of $53.15 billion.



Where is Pfizer's stock going? Where will Pfizer's stock price be in 2017?

19 brokerages have issued 1-year price targets for Pfizer's stock. Their forecasts range from $31.00 to $53.00. On average, they anticipate Pfizer's stock price to reach $38.00 in the next twelve months. View Analyst Ratings for Pfizer.



What are analysts saying about Pfizer stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about Pfizer stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "Pfizer has been working on strengthening its product portfolio as well as key pipeline milestones through acquisitions and licensing deals. New products like Ibrance and contribution from acquisitions are expected to drive revenues. Also, cost-savings and share buybacks should help Pfizer achieve its earnings guidance. Investor focus will remain on the stock as Pfizer has several key pipeline milestones in 2017. However, genericization of key drugs, lost alliance revenues, pricing pressure and rising competition remain potent headwinds. Mounting competition in the immuno-oncology market is also a significant concern. Meanwhile, Pfizer’s shares have underperformed the large-cap pharma industry this year so far. The company has a mixed record of earnings surprises in recent quarters. Estimates have remained stable ahead of its Q2 earnings release. " (7/14/2017)
2. BMO Capital Markets analysts commented, "We are highly confident the deal will close as the purchase agreement removes IP risk and development risks, and creates significant shareholder value. We believe there is minimal risk for the deal being blocked due to anti-trust considerations CTP-543 Phase IIa initiated with top-line results expected 1Q18. The phase IIa trial will enroll approximately 100 patients spread across 4 active arms of differing doses (4, 8, 12 and 16 mg BID) and a placebo comparator. The primary endpoint for the trial will be measured using the severity of alopecia tool (SALT) after patients undergo 24 weeks of dosing. An additional 28 weeks of dosing of CTP-543 is planned for all patients enrolled in the study. If successfully developed, we anticipate a significant pricing discount for CTP-543 relative to Jakafi – owned by Incyte (INCY, Non-Rated). The earlier delay to initiate the trial due to clinical supply delays, which lasted around 2 months, has been resolved." (4/27/2017)
3. UBS AG analysts commented, " The FDA approved Novartis' CDK4/6 agent, Kisqali (ribociclib), in first-line treatment for HR+/HER2- metastatic breast cancer in combo with any aromatase inhibitor. Recall that MONALEESA-2 was stopped early, and while interim data demonstrated a reduction in risk of disease progression or death by 44% over letrozole alone, the mPFS had not been reached at the time. For the first time, the label presented a mPFS of 25.3 mos for Kisqali + letrozole vs 16 mos for letrozole alone. The 9.3 mos improvement over letrozole is essentially comparable to 10.3 mos improvement (24.8 mos for Ibrance vs 14.5 mos for letrozole) for Pfizer's Ibrance. Given the strong interim data that were comparable to Ibrance, we believe the approval of Kisqali was largely expected. Our takeaway: Label looks a little worse than Ibrance. Overall, we think the label looks slightly worse, particularly on safety. On the positive, the label is broader, as the indication is for use of Kisqali in combo with anyaromatase inhibitors (vs Ibrance in combo with letrozole). However, as the vast majority of first-line use letrozole, the broader label shouldn't meaningfully impact Ibrance, in our view. We're not clear on how Kisqali got the broader label, but we think this could be encouraging for Ibrance, as the Ibrance label could also become as broad with the potential April approval of the confirmatory Phase 3 PALOMA-2 (Ibrance was approved under an accelerated pathway with Phase 2 PALOMA-1 data). On safety, the Kisqali label warns of QT prolongation and liver tox, which are not in the Ibrance label. We think the QT issue could put Kisqali at a disadvantage. Thoughts on the stock: Shouldn't impact the stock much, if anyIbrance has been on the market for ~2 years and has made significant headway to becoming a standard of therapy, and we do not believe there was anything in the Kisqali label that would meaningfully impact the significant lead that Pfizer has. In our CDK4/6 model, we assign a 5% share for Kisqali in 2017 that goes to 15%, 18%, and 20% in 2018-2020E." (3/14/2017)
4. Jefferies Group LLC analysts commented, "We wanted to highlight a key data catalyst in which a positive outcome can drive shares higher: PIIa data for XEN801 for mod-to-severe acne in the latter part of Q1 (JEF est: ~Mar). We continue to like the risk/reward going into the data, especially on the heels of Dermira’s positive PIIb data for DRM01, which operates on the same pathway but more upstream. Reiterating Buy and $13 PT. Highlighting Key PIIa Data Catalyst in Latter Part of Q1: We wanted to take the opportunity to highlight a key data catalyst in which a positive outcome can drive shares higher: topline PIIa data catalyst for XEN801 for moderate-to-severe acne in the latter part of Q1 (JEF estimate: ~Mar). We previously conducted a review on XEN801 in April ’16, which can be found here, and now that the data catalyst is drawing near, we wanted to take the chance to highlight it again. To recap, the PIIa trial is a randomized, double- blind, multicentre, vehicle-controlled trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of patients with moderate-to-severe acne. The trial will compare XEN801 topical gel (1%) and matching placebo gel for 12 weeks with a 4-week follow-up. XENE has randomized 165 patients (v. 150 that was planned at conception), and has 85% power (v. 80% previously) to detect a ~16% difference." (1/19/2017)




Are investors shorting Pfizer?

Pfizer saw a increase in short interest in June. As of June 30th, there was short interest totalling 43,645,484 shares,  an increase of 1.7% from the June 15th total of 44,380,006 shares. Based on an average trading volume of 20,850,462 shares, the short-interest ratio is presently 2.1 days. Approximately 0.7% of the company's shares are sold short. 



Who are some of Pfizer's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Pfizer include Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), Novartis AG (NVS), Merck & Company (MRK), Sanofi (SNY), Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO), GlaxoSmithKline PLC (GSK), Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY), Eli Lilly and Company (LLY), Abbott Laboratories (ABT), Astrazeneca PLC (AZN), GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK), AstraZeneca plc (AZN), Shire PLC (SHPG), Shire PLC (SHP), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA), Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Ltd (RDY), Valeant Pharmaceuticals International (VRX) and Patheon NV (PTHN).



Who are Pfizer's key executives?

Pfizer's management team includes the folowing people: Ian C. Read, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive OfficerFrank A. D'Amelio, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President - Business OperationsAlbert Bourla, Group President - Pfizer Innovative HealthMikael Dolsten M.D., Ph.D., President - Worldwide Research and DevelopmentJohn D. Young, Group President - Pfizer Essential HealthRady A. Johnson II, Executive Vice President, Chief Compliance and Risk OfficerDouglas M. Lankler, Executive Vice President, General CounselCharles H. Hill III, Executive Vice President - Worldwide Human ResourcesFreda C. Lewis-Hall M.D., Executive Vice President, Chief Medical OfficerKirsten Lund-Jurgensen, Executive Vice President, President - Pfizer Global Supply



Who owns Pfizer stock?

Pfizer's stock is owned by a variety of of retail and institutional investors. Top institutional investors include Fisher Asset Management LLC (0.57%), Bank of Montreal Can (0.31%), Longview Partners Guernsey LTD (0.31%), Sanders Capital LLC (0.28%), APG Asset Management N.V. (0.83%) and Russell Investments Group Ltd. (0.22%). Company insiders that own Pfizer stock include Albert Bourla, Anthony J Maddaluna, Charles H Hill, Douglas M Lankler, Frank A Damelio, Ian C Read, John D Young, Laurie J Olson, Loretta V Cangialosi, Mikael Dolsten, Pfizer Inc, Rady A Johnson and Sally Susman. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Pfizer.



Who sold Pfizer stock? Who is selling Pfizer stock?

Pfizer's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including APG Asset Management N.V., NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V., Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc., James Investment Research Inc., Strs Ohio, Hartford Investment Management Co., Hexavest Inc. and OLD National Bancorp IN. Company insiders that have sold Pfizer stock in the last year include Albert Bourla, Anthony J Maddaluna, Charles H Hill, Mikael Dolsten and Rady A Johnson. View Insider Buying and Selling for Pfizer.



Who bought Pfizer stock? Who is buying Pfizer stock?

Pfizer's stock was purchased by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Sanders Capital LLC, Fisher Asset Management LLC, Longview Partners Guernsey LTD, Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V., Acadian Asset Management LLC, ING Groep NV, National Pension Service and Harbour Capital Advisors LLC.  View Insider Buying and Selling for Pfizer.



How do I buy Pfizer stock? 

Shares of Pfizer can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Pfizer's stock price today?

One share of Pfizer stock can currently be purchased for approximately $33.00.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Pfizer (NYSE PFE)Community Ranking:  3.4 out of 5 (  )Outperform Votes:  783 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  377 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  1,160MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Pfizer and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 1 Sell Rating, 9 Hold Ratings, 9 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Hold (Score: 2.42)Consensus Price Target: $38.00 (15.15% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Pfizer (NYSE:PFE)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/20/2017Credit Suisse GroupDowngradeOutperform -> Neutral$38.00 -> $36.00Low7/17/2017Sanford C. BernsteinSet Price TargetBuy$39.00Low7/14/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingHold$34.00 -> $35.00Low7/10/2017Cowen and CompanySet Price TargetBuy$43.00Low6/12/2017Morgan StanleyReiterated RatingNeutral$38.00 -> $35.00Low5/16/2017Citigroup Inc.DowngradeNeutral -> Sell$38.00 -> $31.00Low5/3/2017Barclays PLCReiterated RatingBuy$38.00Low4/27/2017BMO Capital MarketsReiterated RatingHold$33.00Low3/23/2017Societe GeneraleReiterated RatingNeutral$36.00Low2/17/2017Berenberg BankSet Price TargetNeutral$39.00N/A2/16/2017Deutsche Bank AGReiterated RatingBuy$40.00N/A2/2/2017Morningstar, Inc.Reiterated RatingBuyN/A2/1/2017Atlantic SecuritiesSet Price TargetBuy$37.00N/A1/21/2017Piper Jaffray CompaniesSet Price TargetBuy$53.00N/A1/18/2017Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)Set Price TargetNeutral$36.00N/A12/2/2016GuggenheimInitiated CoverageNeutralN/A11/7/2016Bank of America CorporationReiterated RatingBuy$40.00 -> $36.00N/A11/2/2016ArgusDowngradeBuy -> HoldN/A8/3/2016J P Morgan Chase & CoSet Price TargetBuy$40.00N/A5/4/2016Independent Research GmbHSet Price TargetNeutral$37.00N/A5/2/2016Leerink SwannLower Price TargetMarket Perform$37.00 -> $34.70N/A4/12/2016S&P Equity ResearchReiterated RatingBuyN/A2/16/2016SunTrust Banks, Inc.Lower Price TargetNeutral$37.00 -> $33.00N/A1/26/2016Nord/LBReiterated RatingBuyN/A11/24/2015Evercore ISIReiterated RatingBuy$38.00N/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Pfizer (NYSE:PFE)Earnings History by Quarter for Pfizer (NYSE PFE)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails7/31/2017        5/2/2017Q1 2017$0.67$0.69$13.09 billion$12.78 billionViewListen1/31/2017Q416$0.50$0.47$13.64 billion$13.60 billionViewN/A11/1/2016Q3$0.62$0.61$13.05 billion$13.05 billionViewN/A8/2/2016Q216$0.62$0.64$13.01 billion$13.10 billionViewN/A5/3/2016Q116$0.55$0.67$12.00 billion$13.00 billionViewN/A2/2/2016Q415$0.52$0.53$13.57 billion$14.05 billionViewN/A10/27/2015Q315$0.51$0.60$11.56 billion$12.10 billionViewListen7/28/2015Q215$0.52$0.56$11.39 billion$11.00 billionViewListen4/28/2015Q115$0.49$0.51$10.79 billion$10.86 billionViewN/A1/27/2015Q414$0.53$0.54$12.94 billion$13.10 billionViewN/A10/28/2014Q314$0.55$0.57$12.24 billion$12.40 billionViewN/A7/29/2014Q214$0.57$0.58$12.49 billion$12.80 billionViewN/A5/5/2014Q114$0.56$0.57$12.07 billion$11.35 millionViewN/A1/27/2014Q413$0.52$0.56$13.35 billion$13.56 billionViewN/A10/29/2013Q313$0.56$0.58$12.69 billion$12.64 billionViewN/A7/30/2013Q2 2013$0.55$0.56$13.02 billion$12.97 billionViewListen4/30/2013Q1 2013$0.55$0.54$14.10 billion$13.50 billionViewListen1/29/2013Q4 2012$0.44$0.47$14.40 billion$15.10 billionViewListen11/1/2012Q312$0.53$0.53$14.64 billion$14.00 billionViewN/A7/31/2012$0.54$0.62ViewN/A5/1/2012$0.57$0.58ViewN/A1/31/2012$0.47$0.50ViewN/A11/1/2011$0.55$0.62ViewN/A8/2/2011$0.59$0.60ViewN/A5/3/2011$0.59$0.60ViewN/A2/1/2011$0.46$0.47ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Pfizer (NYSE:PFE)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $2.53QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20173$0.67$0.67$0.67Q2 20173$0.62$0.65$0.64Q3 20172$0.59$0.63$0.61Q4 20172$0.60$0.62$0.61(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for Pfizer (NYSE:PFE)Next Dividend:9/1/2017Annual Dividend:$1.28Dividend Yield:3.88%Dividend Growth:7.70% (3 Year Average)Payout Ratio:108.48% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  50.20% (Based on This Year's Estimates)46.55% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Track Record:7 Years of Consecutive Dividend GrowthDividend History by Quarter for Pfizer (NYSE PFE)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date6/22/2017quarterly$0.323.75%8/2/20178/4/20179/1/20174/28/2017quarterly$0.323.77%5/10/20175/12/20176/1/201712/12/2016quarterly$0.323.9%2/1/20172/3/20173/1/20179/23/2016quarterly$0.303.5%11/8/201611/11/201612/1/20166/23/2016quarterly$0.303.53%8/3/20168/5/20169/1/20164/28/2016quarterly$0.303.67%5/11/20165/13/20166/1/201612/14/2015quarterly$0.303.72%2/3/20162/5/20163/2/20169/25/2015quarterly$0.283.63%11/4/201511/6/201512/1/20156/25/2015quarterly$0.283.3%8/5/20158/7/20159/2/20154/23/2015quarterly$0.283.18%5/6/20155/8/20156/2/201512/15/2014quarterly$0.283.65%2/4/20152/6/20153/3/201510/23/2014quarterly$0.263.57%11/5/201411/7/201412/2/20146/26/2014quarterly$0.263.51%7/30/20148/1/20149/3/20144/25/2014quarterly$0.263.38%5/7/20145/9/20146/3/201412/16/2013quarterly$0.263.45%2/5/20142/7/20143/4/201410/24/2013quarterly$0.243.14%11/6/201311/8/201312/3/20136/27/2013quarterly$0.243.43%7/31/20138/2/20139/4/20134/25/2013quarterly$0.243.19%5/8/20135/10/20136/4/201312/17/2012quarterly$0.243.74%1/30/20132/1/20133/5/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Pfizer (NYSE:PFE)Insider Ownership Percentage: 0.06%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 69.98%Insider Trades by Quarter for Pfizer (NYSE:PFE)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails3/10/2017Rady A JohnsonInsiderSell4,500$34.19$153,855.00  3/9/2017Charles H HillInsiderSell36,000$34.07$1,226,520.00  3/2/2017Mikael DolstenInsiderSell30,970$34.51$1,068,774.70  11/9/2016Anthony J MaddalunaInsiderSell10,000$33.00$330,000.00  11/4/2016Albert BourlaInsiderSell18,390$30.05$552,619.50  5/26/2016Frank A DamelioEVPSell100,000$34.49$3,449,000.00  5/24/2016Loretta V CangialosiVPSell86,000$33.97$2,921,420.00  5/11/2016Laurie J OlsonEVPSell4,700$33.50$157,450.00  5/10/2016Frank A DamelioEVPSell192,000$33.66$6,462,720.00  5/10/2016John D YoungInsiderSell41,700$33.53$1,398,201.00  5/9/2016Anthony J MaddalunaEVPSell8,950$33.75$302,062.50  5/9/2016Ian C ReadCEOSell275,000$33.80$9,295,000.00  5/5/2016Sally SusmanEVPSell76,116$33.75$2,568,915.00  5/4/2016Douglas M LanklerEVPSell29,700$33.69$1,000,593.00  5/4/2016Mikael DolstenInsiderSell67,588$33.46$2,261,494.48  5/3/2016Frank A DamelioEVPSell87,079$33.65$2,930,208.35  10/6/2015Pfizer Incmajor shareholderBuy714,285$7.00$4,999,995.00  6/11/2015Laurie J OlsonEVPSell26,000$34.39$894,140.00  3/12/2015Sally SusmanEVPSell46,179$34.00$1,570,086.00  2/13/2015Loretta V CangialosiVPSell104,000$34.73$3,611,920.00  2/12/2015Anthony J MaddalunaEVPSell9,000$34.85$313,650.00  2/11/2015Frank A DamelioEVPSell14,800$34.30$507,640.00  2/10/2015Anthony J MaddalunaEVPSell9,000$33.78$304,020.00  12/8/2014Anthony J MaddalunaEVPSell6,500$32.00$208,000.00  11/10/2014Charles H HillEVPSell8,285$30.18$250,041.30  11/7/2014John D YoungInsiderSell21,600$29.89$645,624.00  10/29/2014Anthony J MaddalunaEVPSell2,425$29.56$71,683.00  6/12/2014Laurie J OlsonEVPSell36,275$29.53$1,071,200.75  6/2/2014Geno J GermanoInsiderSell30,000$29.68$890,400.00  3/17/2014John YoungInsiderSell9,000$31.38$282,420.00  3/4/2014Loretta CangialosiVPSell102,943$32.05$3,299,323.15  3/4/2014Mikael DolstenInsiderSell35,789$32.58$1,166,005.62  3/4/2014Sally SusmanEVPSell67,585$32.59$2,202,595.15  1/13/2014Frank DamelioEVPSell131,810$30.82$4,062,384.20  11/1/2013Anthony J MaddalunaEVPSell43,500$31.02$1,349,370.00  11/1/2013Loretta V CangialosiVPSell10,000$31.20$312,000.00  10/28/2013Ian C ReadCEOSell338,000$30.57$10,332,660.00  9/16/2013Freda Lewis-HallEVPSell38,461$28.70$1,103,830.70  7/31/2013Charles H HillEVPSell96,500$29.64$2,860,260.00  7/31/2013Loretta V CangialosiVPSell14,688$29.63$435,205.44  5/15/2013Amy W SchulmanEVPSell70,000$29.36$2,055,200.00  5/15/2013Ian C ReadCEOSell69,900$29.39$2,054,361.00  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Pfizer (NYSE:PFE)


Latest Headlines for Pfizer (NYSE:PFE)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineShares in AstraZeneca dive as key cancer drug trial failsfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 6:44 AMShares in AstraZeneca dive as key cancer drug trial failsfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 6:44 AMPfizer Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : PFE-US : July 27, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 6:44 AMPfizer Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : PFE-US : July 27, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 6:44 AMHow Pfizer’s Internal Medicines Is Positioned in 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 6:44 AMHow Pfizer’s Internal Medicines Is Positioned in 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 6:44 AM[$$] AstraZeneca: transcendental agitationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 6:44 AM[$$] AstraZeneca: transcendental agitationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 6:44 AMMajor Pharma Short Interest Takes a Big Step Back247wallst.com - July 27 at 6:22 AMThese 2 Pharma Giants May Be on Pfizer's M&A Radar Right Nowfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 6:22 AMHow Is Pfizer’s Lyrica Expected to Perform in 2017?finance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 6:22 AMIs a Beat in the Cards for Pfizer (PFE) in Q2 Earnings?finance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 6:22 AMUnderstanding Pfizer’s Sterile Injection Pharmaceuticals Position in 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 6:22 AMPfizer Says REFLECTIONS B7391003 Study Met Primary Objective - Quick Factswww.rttnews.com - July 26 at 6:22 AMWhy Xeljanz Could Boost Pfizer’s Revenue Growthfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 6:22 AMHow Pfizer’s Vaccine Franchise Is Positioned in 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 6:21 AMWhy Pfizer’s Sutent Could Witness a Modest Decline in 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 6:21 AMPfizer (PFE) Reports Positive Top-Line Results from Comparative REFLECTIONS B7391003 Study for PF-06439535www.streetinsider.com - July 25 at 12:54 AMPfizer Announces Positive Top-Line Results from the Comparative REFLECTIONS B7391003 Study for PF-06439535, a Potential Biosimilar to Avastin® 1 (bevacizumab)www.businesswire.com - July 24 at 7:51 PMMerck, Samsung Accelerate a Biosimilar Price Warfinance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 7:50 PMWhy Ibrance Could Drive Pfizer’s Revenue Growthfinance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 7:50 PMWhy Ibrance Could Be Pfizer’s Long-Term Growth Driverfinance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 7:50 PMInteresting January 2019 Stock Options for PFEwww.nasdaq.com - July 24 at 2:47 PM5 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Pfizer Inc.finance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 2:47 PMFeatured Company News - Pfizer and Merck Announce EMA'S CHMP Positive Opinion for Avelumabfinance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 2:47 PMPfizer Announces Positive Top-Line Results from the Comparative REFLECTIONS B7391003 Study for PF-06439535, a Potential Biosimilar to Avastin®1 (bevacizumab)finance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 2:46 PMHow Pfizer Is Expected to Perform in 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 2:46 PM5 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Pfizer Inc.www.fool.com - July 23 at 11:14 AMPfizer Downgraded on Patent Expiration for Viagra: Credit Suissewww.investopedia.com - July 22 at 7:34 AMMerck KGaA, Pfizer (PFE) Report EMA's CHMP Issued Positive Opinion for Avelumab for Treatment of mMCCwww.streetinsider.com - July 22 at 7:34 AMMerck, Pfizer CEOs talk 'Made in America' weekfinance.yahoo.com - July 22 at 7:34 AMCleaner Exposure to Value Stocksfinance.yahoo.com - July 22 at 7:34 AMPfizer Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (NYSE:PFE)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 21 at 7:18 AMPfizer nabs European rights to antifungal isavuconazole - Seeking Alphaseekingalpha.com - July 21 at 6:07 AMPfizer, Inc. (PFE) Stock Rating Lowered by Credit Suisse Groupwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 8:23 PMCorning 'immediately' creating 1,000 new jobs in US, CEO sayswww.cnbc.com - July 20 at 7:04 PMAnalyst Prescribes Neutral Rating For Pfizer Sharesfeeds.benzinga.com - July 20 at 11:13 AMPfizer shares downgraded because Viagra patent is expiring later this yearwww.cnbc.com - July 20 at 8:55 AMBasilea announces completion of the license agreement with Pfizer for antifungal Cresemba® for Europe, Russia, Turkey and Israelfinance.yahoo.com - July 20 at 1:51 AMPfizer Completes License Agreement For The Exclusive Commercialization Rights In Europe For CRESEMBA (isavuconazole), A Novel Treatment For Potentially Life-Threatening Fungal Infections Among Immunocompromised Patientsfinance.yahoo.com - July 20 at 1:51 AM4 Healthcare Megatrends for Investorsfinance.yahoo.com - July 19 at 8:49 PMCramer's lightning round: GameStop just can't seem to go higherfinance.yahoo.com - July 19 at 8:49 PMPfizer, Inc. Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.65 Per Share (PFE)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 19 at 12:20 PMPfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE) Given Consensus Rating of "Hold" by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 19 at 11:34 AMSanford C. Bernstein Reiterates "$39.00" Price Target for Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 17 at 1:52 PMPfizer, Inc. (PFE) Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.65 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 17 at 7:30 AMPfizer Is Set to Lose Its No. 1 Spot Among Drugmakers: Here's Why It Doesn't Matterwww.fool.com - July 16 at 3:16 PMHorizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) and Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) Financial Comparisonwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 15 at 12:03 PMPfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE) Given "Hold" Rating at Jefferies Group LLCwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 14 at 3:18 PMPfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 14 at 2:20 PM


Social





Chart
Pfizer (PFE) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff












































