





























Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL) Stake Decreased by Donaldson Capital Management LLC - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Ecolab Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Ecolab Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Prudential Financial Inc. Boosts Position in Myriad Genetics, Inc. (NASDAQ:MYGN)
Neuberger Berman Group LLC Has $664,000 Stake in WESCO International, Inc. (WCC)
Blair William & Co. IL Raises Position in Valero Energy Corporation (VLO)
Highstreet Asset Management Inc. Raises Position in MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET)
Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) Position Lowered by Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK
Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC Has $4,087,000 Stake in Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL)
Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL) Stake Decreased by Donaldson Capital Management LLC
Credit Agricole S A Holds Stake in Nevro Corp. (NYSE:NVRO)
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Position Raised by Independent Advisor Alliance
Intrawest Resorts Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:SNOW) Stake Held by Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan
Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (NYSE:ORC) Position Held by Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan
Zacks: Analysts Anticipate PACCAR Inc. (PCAR) to Post $0.99 Earnings Per Share
Analyzing Senseonics Holdings (SENS) and Zogenix (NASDAQ:ZGNX)
Sotherly Hotels (SOHO) & Summit Hotel Properties (INN) Head-To-Head Survey
USG Corporation (USG) vs. GCP Applied Technologies (GCP) Head to Head Analysis
Insider Selling: Zendesk, Inc. (ZEN) Insider Sells 1,766 Shares of Stock
Brokerages Set Intevac, Inc. (NASDAQ:IVAC) Price Target at $14.33
Head to Head Review: NXT-ID (NXTD) & Glu Mobile (GLUU)
Rational Ag (FRA:RAA) PT Set at €476.00 by Baader Bank
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (NYSE:TMO) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research







Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL) Stake Decreased by Donaldson Capital Management LLC


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments




Donaldson Capital Management LLC cut its stake in  Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL) by 0.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 31,207 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after selling 148 shares during the period. Donaldson Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Ecolab were worth $3,911,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. KBC Group NV raised its position in shares of  Ecolab by 15.0% in the first quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 223,867 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $28,059,000 after buying an additional 29,197 shares during the period.  YHB Investment Advisors Inc. raised its position in  Ecolab by 0.6% in the first quarter. YHB Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 112,954 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $14,581,000 after buying an additional 649 shares in the last quarter.  M&T Bank Corp raised its position in shares of  Ecolab by 1.6% in the first quarter. M&T Bank Corp now owns 90,497 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $11,344,000 after buying an additional 1,447 shares during the period.  McKinley Carter Wealth Services Inc. purchased a new position in shares of  Ecolab during the first quarter valued at about $226,000.  Finally, Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH purchased a new position in shares of  Ecolab during the first quarter valued at about $1,691,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  75.71% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Ecolab Inc. alerts:



Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL) traded up 0.45% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $133.05. The company had a trading volume of 611,502 shares. Ecolab Inc. has a 1-year low of $110.65 and a 1-year high of $134.89. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $132.94 and a 200-day moving average price of $126.39. The stock has a market capitalization of $38.59 billion, a PE ratio of 31.43 and a beta of 0.98. 





Ecolab (NYSE:ECL) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The basic materials company reported $0.80 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.81 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $3.17 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.16 billion. Ecolab had a net margin of 9.47% and a return on equity of 18.96%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.77 earnings per share.  On average, analysts forecast that  Ecolab Inc. will post $4.78 earnings per share for the current year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, July 17th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, June 20th were paid a dividend of $0.37 per share. The ex-dividend date  was Friday, June 16th. This represents a $1.48 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.11%. Ecolab’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 34.91%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/22/donaldson-capital-management-llc-cuts-stake-in-ecolab-inc-ecl-updated-updated-updated.html. 
Several equities analysts have weighed in on the company. J P Morgan Chase & Co raised Ecolab from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and increased their target price for the company from $120.00 to $138.00 in a research note on Friday, May 26th. Instinet upgraded Ecolab from a “reduce” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their price objective for the stock from $99.00 to $118.00 in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $141.00 price target (up from $133.00) on shares of Ecolab in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Canaccord Genuity  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $135.00 price objective on shares of Ecolab in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Finally, Nomura raised Ecolab from a “reduce” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $99.00 to $118.00 in a report on Monday, April 3rd. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and nine have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company  has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $129.79.
In other news, SVP Bruno Lavandier sold 1,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, June 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $133.52, for a total value of $133,520.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 8,922 shares in the company, valued at $1,191,265.44. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Stephen M. Taylor sold 23,151 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, June 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $133.06, for a total transaction of $3,080,472.06. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 44,466 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,916,645.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 44,810 shares of company stock worth $5,897,361. Insiders own  1.49% of the company’s stock. 
Ecolab Company Profile
Ecolab Inc provides water, hygiene and energy technologies and services. The Company’s cleaning and sanitizing programs and products, pest elimination services and equipment maintenance and repair services support customers in the foodservice, food and beverage processing, hospitality, healthcare, government and education, retail, textile care and commercial facilities management sectors in over 170 countries.







Receive News & Ratings for Ecolab Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ecolab Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 


























































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Donaldson Capital Management















GREG DONALDSON















You Are Here: Home → Our Firm → Our People → Greg Donaldson























Greg Donaldson - Chief Investment Officer & Founder
 Greg Donaldson, founder of Donaldson Capital Management, has deep experience in the investment industry in a variety of capacities, since starting in 1975. Greg is a 1970 graduate of Purdue University with a BS degree in Industrial Economics. Following graduation, Greg moved to Indianapolis, Indiana, where he began his career as a Communications Consultant with Indiana Bell. He says his favorite job during his five years at the "Phone Company" was heading the marketing department's new consumer and business products area. In that role, he first became familiar with the company's early product offerings in digital technology.

            During this same time Greg and a friend started a parking lot company, which grew to be the second largest such company in Indianapolis. The company was later sold to the largest parking lot operator in the country.

            In May, 1975, Greg left Indiana Bell to join Traub and Co., a boutique investment banking firm specializing in bonds. He opened the firm's Evansville office in 1976. Five years later he left Traub and started a branch office for Raffensperger, Hughes & Co., at the time, the largest equity-oriented investment firm headquartered in the state of Indiana. At Raffensperger Hughes, he would become a life-long friend and understudy of the company's president, Gene Tanner, one of the most widely respected investment minds in the Midwest. Greg says that Gene Tanner not only taught him a lot about investing in stocks, but also how to deal with clients in a considerate and instructive way.

            In 1991 with Mr. Tanner's encouragement and backing, Greg co-founded Raffensperger Hughes Investment Advisors (RHIA), the money management arm of Raffensperger Hughes and Co. Out of that venture came The Sagamore Funds, a family of mutual funds that included The Sagamore Bond fund, which Greg managed and in 1993 was ranked as one of the top performing bond funds in the country. It was also during this time that Greg began to discover and develop the principles of investing that led to the Rising Dividend investment strategy.

            Greg, a leader and innovator in his industry, helped reorganize RHIA into a much larger enterprise when it became a direct subsidiary of one of Indiana's largest companies, the Associated Group. This new company was renamed Anthem Capital Management and its products, services, and staff were dramatically increased. At Anthem Capital, Greg was instrumental in forming a trust company and helping to co-found the Anthem Funds, a family of eight mutual funds. During his time at Anthem, he managed or co-managed his first dividend-oriented fund, a government securities fund, and a municipal bond fund.

            Wanting to run his own shop, Greg left his friends at Anthem in late 1994 and started Donaldson Capital Management. Greg credits the confidence to start his own firm to his many years working with his mentor Gene Tanner.

            Greg is Chairman and Director of Portfolio Strategy of Donaldson Capital Management. He is also an investment adviser representative of the firm. Greg serves on the Board of Directors for St. Mary's Heath Systems and is Chairman of St. Mary's Audit Committee. In addition, he serves on the board of the Pumphrey Foundation and is a long-time member of the Lutheran Church of Our Redeemer Memorial Trust Fund. Greg and his wife, Joyce, are members of Redeemer Lutheran Church. They have two sons, Justin and Nick. 


 


Contact Info:


Office Phone: 812.421.3006


Send Email





















Donaldson Capital Management




































This year, without touching their principal, our clients will withdraw over $12 million of dividend and interest income generated by their portfolios.
















              Security
              We invest in  companies that  weather the worst of storms and employ  strategies that keep us from trying to outguess the market.
 

          Income
          We  buy stocks and bonds that pay consistent dividends and interest so we can create dependable income for living in retirement.
 

          Growth
          Our portfolios are built to not only produce reliable and increasing income, but also to preserve and grow your initial investment.
 

          Service
          We believe service is as important as investment performance. We custom tailor our experience to satisfy each client's needs.









DCM up close BROCHURE - Download PDF
DCM Again Named a Top 300 Financial Adviser in the US
DCM Values - READ OUR DEFINITION OF EACH



















MEET our PEOPLE
 
 Meet More








Beth Dietsch, RP®

Beth is a Client Services Manager. She's been serving DCM clients since 2001. 





READ FULL BIO


 






          Kyle Markle, CFP®

Kyle is a Portfolio  Manager. He's been serving DCM clients since 2008. 





READ FULL BIO


 






          Lydia Taylor, RP®

Lydia is our Business Information Manager. She's been serving DCM clients since 2013. 





READ FULL BIO


 






          Brandon Roop, CFP®

Brandon is a Portfolio Manager. He's been serving DCM clients since 2010. 





READ FULL BIO









          Ciavon Hartman, RP®

Ciavon is VP of Operations and CCO. She's been serving DCM clients since 2002. 





READ FULL BIO









          Noel Miller, RP®

Noel is our Client Experience Manager. He's been serving DCM clients since 2010. 





READ FULL BIO









