










 













 























Careers in Commercial Real Estate & Development | Douglas Emmett | Douglas Emmett







      Skip to main content
    



Douglas Emmett





Douglas Emmett

        Show the Menu
    

        Call us at 310.255.7700
    




















Careers

 Join the team that makes a difference.













Careers











Our Vision



The Douglas Emmett experience promotes a sense of community by fostering creative, caring professionals who ensure that our clients receive the most responsive attention to the smallest detail.
Our promise is to provide impeccable service, exceeding our clients' expectations by quickly recognizing their needs, promptly fulfilling their requests, and taking great pride in delivering the highest level of performance.
With a genuine commitment to service, we create an atmosphere that allows our clients to flourish and prosper.











Our Culture


Check out these videos to learn a bit more about the people and culture of Douglas Emmett.






Douglas Emmett at Work - The Encino Plaza team.











x

Douglas Emmett at Work - The Encino Plaza team.















The Jane Joyce Award - Recognizing Great Customer Service











x

The Jane Joyce Award - Recognizing Great Customer Service















Douglas Emmett in the Community - Valley Cultural Center











x

Douglas Emmett in the Community - Valley Cultural Center

















Available Positions





Download application



Upload resume








Day Porter








Hard working individuals with great attitudes performing general building maintenance and custodial services. Opportunity to learn engineering services with excellent growth potential.

Apply for this position










Utility Engineer








1 to 3 years experience in general building maintenance, capable of minor repairs in plumbing, electrical, HVAC, and lighting, including ballast change-outs. Opportunity to learn engineering services with excellent growth potential.

Apply for this position










Apprentice Engineer








3 years experience in all facets of building systems, including HVAC central plant and general building mechanical and electrical systems maintenance. EPA 608 certification desired.

Apply for this position










Operating Engineer








Qualified candidates will have at least five years experience in all facets of building systems, including HVAC central plant maintenance including knowledge of pneumatic controls, DX & VAV systems and EMS systems. Extensive knowledge required of plumbing, electrical and fire, life safety systems. EPA 608 certification required. Excellent people skills a plus and a positive attitude a must.

Apply for this position










Chief Engineer








Qualified candidates will have extensive experience with HVAC systems, pneumatic controls, DX & VAV systems, plumbing, electrical and general building maintenance, as well as supervisory experience. Candidate must have computer skills and knowledge of EMS systems. 3-5 years Chief or Assistant Chief Engineer experience required.

Apply for this position










Receptionist








Able to handle multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment, excellent written/verbal communication required with basic computer skills highly desired. Positive attitude is a must. Excellent career growth opportunities.

Apply for this position










Administrative Assistant








Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills, Word & Excel skills required. 

Apply for this position










Assistant Property Manager (Commercial)








3 years experience in commercial building operations, tenant relations, collections, contract services, minor construction, budget/financial reporting. CA Real Estate license is required. Excel, Word, Access and MRI preferred.

Apply for this position










Property Manager (Commercial)








5 years Property Manager experience with office building operations, tenant relations, collections, contract services, leasing, TI construction, budget/financial reporting. Positive attitude and dynamic personality is a plus. California Real State License required. Excel, Word skills required.

Apply for this position










Residential Leasing Representative








Qualified candidates will have prior residential leasing experience in luxury apartment projects. Great communication and people skills required. Computer skills are a plus. A California real estate license is required.

Apply for this position










Commercial Leasing Associate








The ideal candidate should possess the following traits: Excellent phone skills, ability to connect with prospects over the phone, ability to learn quickly, ability to work independently with initiative, ability to prioritize tasks and deadlines, proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint, commercial real estate experience a plus, leasing and/or property management experience a plus, bachelor’s degree from a 4-year college.

Apply for this position
















































Commercial Real Estate & Premier Apartments | Douglas Emmett | Douglas Emmett







      Skip to main content
    



Douglas Emmett





Douglas Emmett

        Show the Menu
    

        Call us at 310.255.7700
    






















Welcome to Douglas Emmett


find your new office
find your new apartment













Welcome to Douglas Emmett




find your new office
find your new apartment







Welcome to Douglas Emmett. With approximately 18.3 million rentable square feet and 3,320 apartment units in Southern California and Honolulu, we differentiate ourselves with our variety of offerings, attention to detail and focus on customer service.

Learn more




























Let your business thrive.



500 to 50,000 square feet. Westside, San Fernando Valley and Honolulu. Creative to Traditional. Come explore your options.

Learn More 
































Welcome Home!



Santa Monica, Brentwood, Honolulu. Boutique to Ocean front. Come experience the Douglas Emmett difference. Let us help you find the right home for you.

Learn More 

















Development



At Douglas Emmett, we have a history of enhancing our properties to maximize their value. Whether repositioning an acquisition; re-energizing an existing asset, or building from the ground up to grow the portfolio, our teams apply the same high attention to detail and focus on quality of design and construction.

Learn More 

























Careers


The Douglas Emmett experience promotes a sense of community by fostering creative, caring professionals who ensure that our clients receive the most responsive attention to the smallest detail.

View openings







































Corporate Profile | Douglas Emmett | Douglas Emmett







      Skip to main content
    



Douglas Emmett





Douglas Emmett

        Show the Menu
    

        Call us at 310.255.7700
    





















Our Story















Our Story









Corporate Profile



Douglas Emmett is a New York Stock Exchange listed company (ticker symbol “DEI”). We own and operate approximately 18.3 million square feet of Class A office space and 3,320 apartment units within the premier coastal submarkets of Los Angeles and Honolulu. We rely on a focused business strategy that we developed over the last four decades: 
First, we select submarkets that are supply constrained, with high barriers to entry, key lifestyle amenities, proximity to high-end executive housing and a strong, diverse economic base. Our submarkets are dominated by small, affluent tenants, whose rent can be a small portion of their revenues and thus not the paramount factor in their leasing decision.
Once we select a submarket, we follow a disciplined acquisition strategy of gaining substantial market share to provide us with extensive local market information, pricing power in lease and vendor negotiations, economies of scale in property management, and an enhanced ability to identify and negotiate investment opportunities. In our target Los Angeles submarkets, we own on average about 27% of the Class A office space; in Honolulu, we own and operate about 34% of the Central Business District Class A office space.
Finally, our fully integrated operating platform provides the unsurpassed tenant service demanded in our submarkets, with in-house leasing, proactive asset and property management, and internal design and construction services.

View investor relations







Our History



Between 1971 and 1991, Dan Emmett and partners formed three real estate companies, which collaboratively engaged in the acquisition, development, redevelopment, operation and management of high-quality real estate assets within supply-constrained markets in Los Angeles County. While the early focus was on multifamily properties, the Company's investment focus evolved to include high-quality office properties and complementary retail space in California and Honolulu, Hawaii. Since 1993, Douglas Emmett has acquired a substantial majority of its portfolio through nine institutional funds.
Today, Douglas Emmett, Inc. owns and operates approximately 18.3 million square feet of Class A office space and 3,320 luxury apartment units in nine highly desirable submarkets in Los Angeles County, six of which are located in Los Angeles' Westside - Brentwood, Century City, Santa Monica, Beverly Hills, the Olympic Corridor, and Westwood - and three submarkets in the San Fernando Valley - Sherman Oaks/Encino, Warner Center/Woodland Hills, and Burbank. The Company's Honolulu office portfolio is located in the downtown central business district with multifamily properties in nearby suburban communities.
The Company utilizes the same focused business strategy that was implemented by its founding principals - managing, developing, redeveloping and acquiring multifamily and commercial real estate in high barrier-to-entry submarkets that exhibit strong economic characteristics such as population and job growth, as well as inherent supply constraints, such as limited developable land due to natural and political barriers. The Company strives to capitalize on the experience of its seasoned management team to create continued value.
The Company is headquartered in Santa Monica, California.






















﻿
































Douglas Emmett, Inc. (NYSE:DEI) PT Lowered to $35.00 at Barclays PLC - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Douglas Emmett Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Douglas Emmett Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Fiserv, Inc. (NASDAQ:FISV) Shares Sold by Sprott Inc.
Pennsylvania Trust Co Buys New Stake in Capital One Financial Corporation (COF)
North American Management Corp Buys Shares of 3,050 Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (LOW)
Chevron Corporation (CVX) Position Cut by Smithbridge Asset Management Inc. DE
Canal Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in Dow Chemical Company (The) (DOW)
Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. Continues to Hold Stake in Duke Energy Corporation (NYSE:DUK)
DCP Midstream Partners, LP (DCP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Jefferies Group Comments on Comerica Incorporated’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CMA)
Zacks Investment Research Lowers Denbury Resources Inc. (NYSE:DNR) to Strong Sell
Douglas Emmett, Inc. (NYSE:DEI) PT Lowered to $35.00 at Barclays PLC
The Cheesecake Factory Incorporated (CAKE) Given New $53.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC
Covanta Holding Corporation (CVA) Lowered to Strong Sell at BidaskClub
BidaskClub Upgrades Industrias Bachoco, S.A. de C.V. (NYSE:IBA) to “Strong-Buy”
Ituran Location and Control Ltd. (NASDAQ:ITRN) Downgraded to “Hold” at BidaskClub
Del Frisco’s Restaurant Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DFRG) Issues Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.02 EPS
IBERIABANK Corporation (NASDAQ:IBKC) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.02 EPS
Capital Impact Advisors LLC Maintains Position in NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA)
QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS
Grupo Financiero Galicia S.A. (GGAL) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub
Globant S.A. (NYSE:GLOB) Lifted to Buy at BidaskClub




 


Douglas Emmett, Inc. (NYSE:DEI) PT Lowered to $35.00 at Barclays PLC

					Posted by Sarita Garza on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 




Douglas Emmett, Inc. (NYSE:DEI) had its target price lowered by Barclays PLC from $36.00 to $35.00 in a research note published on Tuesday. Barclays PLC currently has an underweight rating on the real estate investment trust’s stock.
A number of other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on the company. BMO Capital Markets  reiterated a hold rating and issued a $39.00 price objective on shares of Douglas Emmett in a research note on Tuesday, July 4th. J P Morgan Chase & Co boosted their price objective on Douglas Emmett from $38.00 to $40.00 and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. BidaskClub cut Douglas Emmett from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Saturday, June 24th. DA Davidson cut Douglas Emmett from a buy rating to a neutral rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $45.00 to $43.00 in a research note on Thursday, May 18th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Douglas Emmett from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note on Monday, May 8th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned  a hold rating and one  has given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $39.11.


 Get Douglas Emmett Inc. alerts:



Shares of Douglas Emmett (NYSE DEI) traded down 0.34% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $37.83. 85,432 shares of the company traded hands. The company has a 50-day moving average of $38.30 and a 200-day moving average of $38.40. Douglas Emmett has a 52-week low of $33.78 and a 52-week high of $40.79. The stock has a market capitalization of $5.85 billion, a PE ratio of 65.79 and a beta of 0.69. 




Douglas Emmett (NYSE:DEI) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.47 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.47. The firm had revenue of $170.35 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $191.93 million. Douglas Emmett had a return on equity of 3.06% and a net margin of 11.97%.  Equities analysts expect that  Douglas Emmett will post $0.54 EPS for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Douglas Emmett, Inc. (NYSE:DEI) PT Lowered to $35.00 at Barclays PLC” was  posted by Markets Daily and is the sole property of of Markets Daily. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be read at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/21/douglas-emmett-inc-nysedei-pt-lowered-to-35-00-at-barclays-plc.html. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, July 14th. Investors of record on Friday, June 30th were issued a dividend of $0.23 per share. This represents a $0.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.42%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, June 28th. Douglas Emmett’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 158.62%. 
In related news, Chairman Dan A. Emmett sold 100,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, June 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $38.97, for a total transaction of $3,897,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Corporate insiders own  23.00% of the company’s stock. 
A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. raised its position in shares of  Douglas Emmett by 0.9% in the first quarter. Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. now owns 7,554 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $290,000 after buying an additional 64 shares in the last quarter.  Bollard Group LLC raised its stake in  Douglas Emmett by 0.6% in the second quarter. Bollard Group LLC now owns 15,880 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $607,000 after buying an additional 92 shares during the period.  Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC raised its stake in  Douglas Emmett by 1.0% in the first quarter. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC now owns 25,064 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $962,000 after buying an additional 256 shares during the period.  World Asset Management Inc raised its stake in  Douglas Emmett by 3.0% in the first quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 8,953 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $344,000 after buying an additional 262 shares during the period.  Finally, Suntrust Banks Inc. raised its stake in  Douglas Emmett by 2.5% in the first quarter. Suntrust Banks Inc. now owns 11,698 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $448,000 after buying an additional 285 shares during the period. 97.15% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 
About Douglas Emmett
Douglas Emmett, Inc is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is owner and operator of office and multifamily properties located in submarkets in Los Angeles and Honolulu. The Company operates through two segments: the acquisition, development, ownership and management of office real estate (Office Segment), and the acquisition, development, ownership and management of multifamily real estate (Multifamily Segment).







Receive News & Ratings for Douglas Emmett Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Douglas Emmett Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website





























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Douglas Emmett Inc - NYSE:DEI - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Douglas Emmett Inc (DEI)
Follow




                                    37.94
                                

0.07
0.18




                        NYSE : Financial
                    

Jul 28, 2017 9:45 AM EDT












Prev Close
  37.87


Open
37.87


Day Low/High

                                    37.87 /
                                    37.91


52 Wk Low/High

                                    33.78 /
                                    40.79
                                


Volume
2.33K


Avg Volume 
834.70K











Exchange
NYSE


Shares Outstanding
154.58M


Market Cap
5.84B


EPS
0.60


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            63.98
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            0.92
                                            (2.40%)

                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









Douglas Emmett And QIA Acquire Beverly Hills Office Building











Douglas Emmett Announces Dates For Its 2017 Second Quarter Earnings Results And Live Conference Call













Douglas Emmett Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend


Jun 1, 2017 7:26 PM EDT









Douglas Emmett Releases First Quarter 2017 Earnings Results


May 2, 2017 4:30 PM EDT









Douglas Emmett And QIA Acquire Two Santa Monica Office Buildings


Apr 26, 2017 4:23 PM EDT









Douglas Emmett Announces Dates For Its 2017 First Quarter Earnings Results And Live Conference Call


Apr 3, 2017 5:51 PM EDT









Douglas Emmett Announces Date For 2017 Annual Shareholders' Meeting


Mar 2, 2017 5:00 PM EST









Douglas Emmett Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend


Mar 2, 2017 5:00 PM EST









Douglas Emmett Releases Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Results


Feb 7, 2017 4:30 PM EST













4 Fantastic Income Stocks for Dividend Seekers
Shares of Douglas Emmett are up an impressive 22% thus far in 2016, but the west coast REIT has further room to run.

Aug 2, 2016 12:21 PM EDT













Douglas Emmett (DEI) Reaches New Lifetime High Today
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Douglas Emmett (DEI) as a new lifetime high candidate

Jul 22, 2016 9:47 AM EDT













Douglas Emmett (DEI) Hits New Lifetime High Today
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Douglas Emmett (DEI) as a new lifetime high candidate

Jul 13, 2016 9:45 AM EDT













Douglas Emmett (DEI) Highlighted As Strong And Under The Radar Stock Of The Day
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Douglas Emmett (DEI) as a strong and under the radar candidate

Jun 29, 2016 9:49 AM EDT













Trade-Ideas: Douglas Emmett (DEI) Is Today's New Lifetime High Stock
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Douglas Emmett (DEI) as a new lifetime high candidate

Jun 13, 2016 9:45 AM EDT













Trade-Ideas: Douglas Emmett (DEI) Is Today's Strong And Under The Radar Stock
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Douglas Emmett (DEI) as a strong and under the radar candidate

Jun 3, 2016 9:46 AM EDT













Douglas Emmett (DEI) Stock Downgraded at BMO Capital
Douglas Emmett’s (DEI) rating was slashed to ‘market perform’ from ‘outperform’ at BMO Capital due to valuation.

Jun 2, 2016 9:36 AM EDT













Douglas Emmett (DEI) Is Today's Strong And Under The Radar Stock
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Douglas Emmett (DEI) as a strong and under the radar candidate

May 27, 2016 10:20 AM EDT













Trade-Ideas: Douglas Emmett (DEI) Is Today's Strong And Under The Radar Stock
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Douglas Emmett (DEI) as a strong and under the radar candidate

May 16, 2016 11:22 AM EDT













New Lifetime High Reached: Douglas Emmett (DEI)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Douglas Emmett (DEI) as a new lifetime high candidate

May 6, 2016 9:49 AM EDT













Strong And Under The Radar: Douglas Emmett (DEI)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Douglas Emmett (DEI) as a strong and under the radar candidate

May 2, 2016 11:38 AM EDT













Today Douglas Emmett (DEI) Hits New Lifetime High
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Douglas Emmett (DEI) as a new lifetime high candidate

Apr 26, 2016 9:49 AM EDT













Strong And Under The Radar: Douglas Emmett (DEI)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Douglas Emmett (DEI) as a strong and under the radar candidate

Apr 25, 2016 1:30 PM EDT













Don't Miss Today's Strong And Under The Radar Stock: Douglas Emmett (DEI)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Douglas Emmett (DEI) as a strong and under the radar candidate

Apr 8, 2016 11:02 AM EDT













3 Stocks With Upcoming Ex-Dividend Dates: IRT, PGRE, DEI
IRT PGRE DEI are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Tuesday, March 29, 2016

Mar 28, 2016 10:00 AM EDT













Douglas Emmett (DEI) Stock Price Target Upped at Barclays
Douglas Emmett (DEI) stock price target was increased at Barclays, which also maintained its ‘underweight’ rating.

Mar 23, 2016 9:37 AM EDT













Douglas Emmett (DEI) Weak On High Volume Today
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Douglas Emmett (DEI) as a weak on high relative volume candidate

Feb 11, 2016 10:01 AM EST













Today Douglas Emmett (DEI) Hits New Lifetime High
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Douglas Emmett (DEI) as a new lifetime high candidate

Nov 4, 2015 9:47 AM EST













Douglas Emmett (DEI) Hits New Lifetime High
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Douglas Emmett (DEI) as a new lifetime high candidate

Oct 20, 2015 9:45 AM EDT













Today's Strong And Under The Radar Stock Is Douglas Emmett (DEI)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Douglas Emmett (DEI) as a strong and under the radar candidate

Oct 19, 2015 10:49 AM EDT













Douglas Emmett (DEI) Is Today's Strong And Under The Radar Stock
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Douglas Emmett (DEI) as a strong and under the radar candidate

Oct 12, 2015 9:51 AM EDT



















Next






Load More









Quant Rating on 9:45 AM EDT 7/28/2017


C+
(Hold)






Get the (DEI) Report Here 







From Our Partners



Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/24/17: CSX, IPI, SKY, CPAH, TTS, VIRT, SKIS

SeekingAlpha



Douglas Emmett: Too Late To Join The Rally?

SeekingAlpha



Office REITs struggle amid some bearish sell-side comments

SeekingAlpha



REIT Rankings: Office

SeekingAlpha



Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 6/19/17: COTY, DLTR, GLPI, BOMN

SeekingAlpha



Douglas Emmett declares $0.23 dividend

SeekingAlpha



Douglas Emmett downgraded to Neutral from Buy at DA Davidson

The Fly



Douglas Emmett upgraded to In Line at Evercore ISI

The Fly



Douglas Emmett upgraded to In Line from Underperform at Evercore ISI

The Fly



Douglas Emmett, Inc. 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

SeekingAlpha



Douglas Emmett FFO in-line, misses on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings after Tuesday’s close

SeekingAlpha



InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 4/24/17: LSXMA, BTU, OPK, IFF

SeekingAlpha



InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 3/20/17: NRG, BKCC, PLSE, HOS

SeekingAlpha



Douglas Emmett downgraded to Underperform from Hold at Evercore ISI

The Fly



























TheStreet
Quant Rating:

C+ (Hold)



Get the (DEI) Report Here 













 











Trending


I Believe 'Ugly' Would Be the Proper Term for the Selloff: Market Recon


Starbucks Shares Are Crashing; Go Out and Buy!


Amazon Falls, Obamacare Repeal Fails - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens


Chevron Stock Slips as Q2 Profit Falls Short of Estimates


Don't Buy the Hype, Twitter Isn't Dead Yet; AT&T, Verizon Prove Their Worth











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

































Contact Us | Douglas Emmett | Douglas Emmett







      Skip to main content
    



Douglas Emmett





Douglas Emmett

        Show the Menu
    

        Call us at 310.255.7700
    














Call Us




Corporate
310.255.7700


For All Office Inquiries
310.255.7777


For All Apartment Inquiries
877.856.8069







Contact Us

 First Name*


  Last Name*


 Email*


 Phone


 Subject*
Looking for an ApartmentLooking for an OfficeInvestor RelationsCareersCorporate OfficeDouglas Emmett Builders

 Location
- None -BrentwoodHonoluluSanta Monica

 Property
- None -555 BarringtonBarrington KiowaBarrington PlazaBarry ApartmentsKiowa ApartmentsMoanalua Hillside ApartmentsVillas at Royal KuniaWaena ApartmentsPacific PlazaThe Shores

 Location office
- None -Beverly HillsBrentwoodBurbankCentury CityHonoluluOlympic CorridorSanta MonicaSherman Oaks / EncinoWarner CenterWestwood

 # of Bedrooms


 # of Baths


 Square Footage Requirements


 Preferred Contact Method
- Preferred Response -EmailPhone

 Preferred Contact Time


 Comments




 page_location


 Additional


Send message



Message Sent
Thank you for contacting Douglas Emmett.
We will get back to you shortly.


Message Failed
We are sorry, there was a problem sending your message.
Please try again later.

































  DEI:New York Stock Quote - Douglas Emmett Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Douglas Emmett Inc   DEI:US   New York        37.93USD   0.06   0.16%     As of 9:32 AM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   37.87    Day Range   37.87 - 37.93    Volume   2,502    Previous Close   37.87    52Wk Range   33.78 - 40.79    1 Yr Return   3.84%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   37.87    Day Range   37.87 - 37.93    Volume   2,502    Previous Close   37.87    52Wk Range   33.78 - 40.79    1 Yr Return   3.84%    YTD Return   3.75%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   78.47    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.48    Market Cap (b USD)   5.854    Shares Outstanding  (m)   154.585    Price/Sales (TTM)   7.43    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   2.43%        Sector Real Estate   % Price Change -0.05%     Industry Real Estate   % Price Change -0.05%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/20/2017   Douglas Emmett And QIA Acquire Beverly Hills Office Building     7/5/2017   Douglas Emmett Announces Dates for Its 2017 Second Quarter Earnings Results and Live Conference Call     6/1/2017   Douglas Emmett Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend     5/2/2017   Douglas Emmett Releases First Quarter 2017 Earnings Results     4/26/2017   Douglas Emmett And QIA Acquire Two Santa Monica Office Buildings     4/3/2017   Douglas Emmett Announces Dates for Its 2017 First Quarter Earnings Results and Live Conference Call     3/6/2017   Douglas Emmett To Present At 2017 Citi Global Property CEO Conference     3/2/2017   Douglas Emmett Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend     3/2/2017   Douglas Emmett Announces Date For 2017 Annual Shareholders' Meeting     2/7/2017   Douglas Emmett Releases Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Results    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Douglas Emmett, Inc. operates as a real estate investment trust. The Company invests in office and multi-family properties. Douglas Emmett serves customers in the States of California and Hawaii.    Address  808 Wilshire BoulevardSuite 200Santa Monica, CA 90401United States   Phone  1-310-255-7700   Website   www.douglasemmett.com     Executives Board Members    Dan A Emmett  Chairman/Co-Founder    Jordan L Kaplan  President/CEO    Mona M Gisler  Chief Financial Officer    Kenneth M Panzer "Ken"  Chief Operating Officer    Kevin A Crummy  Chief Investment Officer     Show More         


















Should You Buy Douglas Emmett (DEI) Ahead of Earnings? - July 28, 2017 - Zacks.com























 




































 
Join

Sign In




Member Sign In


 Keep Me Signed In 
What does "Remember Me" do?
Forgot Password


Create a New Account







 




















 


You are being directed to ZacksTrade, a division of LBMZ Securities and licensed broker-dealer. ZacksTrade and Zacks.com are separate companies. The web link between the two companies is not a solicitation or offer to invest in a particular security or type of security. ZacksTrade does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating indiv idual securities.
If you wish to go to ZacksTrade, click OK. If you do not, click Cancel.
OK Cancel








Back to top











Should You Buy Douglas Emmett (DEI) Ahead of Earnings?July 28, 2017


Zacks Equity Research
                July 28, 2017

DEI 

Trades from
$1











 









Read MoreHide Full Article









Investors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI  -  Free Report)	 may be one such company. The firm has earnings coming up pretty soon, and events are shaping up quite nicely for their report.That is because Douglas Emmett is seeing favorable earnings estimate revision activity as of late, which is generally a precursor to an earnings beat. After all, analysts raising estimates right before earnings—with the most up-to-date information possible—is a pretty good indicator of some favorable trends underneath the surface for DEI in this report.In fact, the Most Accurate Estimate for the current quarter is currently at 49 cents per share for DEI, compared to a broader Zacks Consensus Estimate of 48 cents per share. This suggests that analysts have very recently bumped up their estimates for DEI, giving the stock a Zacks Earnings ESP of +2.08% heading into earnings season.Douglas Emmett, Inc. Price and EPS Surprise  Douglas Emmett, Inc. Price and EPS Surprise | Douglas Emmett, Inc. QuoteWhy is this Important?A positive reading for the Zacks Earnings ESP has proven to be very powerful in producing both positive surprises, and outperforming the market. Our recent 10 year backtest shows that stocks that have a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) or better show a positive surprise nearly 70% of the time, and have returned over 28% on average in annual returns (see more Top Earnings ESP stocks here).Given that DEI has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) and an ESP in positive territory, investors might want to consider this stock ahead of earnings. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.Clearly, recent earnings estimate revisions suggest that good things are ahead for Douglas Emmett, and that a beat might be in the cards for the upcoming report.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce ""the world's first trillionaires,"" but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This Trend >> 















In-Depth Zacks Research for the Tickers Above
Normally $25 each - click below to receive one report FREE:
Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) - free report >>












More from Zacks Tale of the Tape







Baozun (BZUN) Shares March Higher, Can It Continue?








Will Brink's (BCO) Continue to Surge Higher?








Barnes Group (B) Beats Q2 Earnings & Revenues, Ups '17 View








Boeing (BA) Shares March Higher, Can It Continue?








›
‹





You May Like








Bear of the Day: Dick's Sporting Goods (DKS)









More Tech Earnings Reports









U.S. Telecommunications Industry Outlook - July 2017









Top Ranked Momentum Stocks to Buy for July 27th








›
‹




 









Zacks' 7 Breakout Stocksfor July, 2017
Free Report for Zacks.com Visitors Only
Our experts cut down 220 Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys to the 7 that are most likely to jump in price immediately.
For 28 years, the full Strong Buy list has averaged a stellar +25% per year. See its 7 best stocks now.


  




Close This Panel X












Up Next




Why Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Might Surprise This Earnings Season






 

Most Read








More Tech Earnings Reports



 




New Strong Buy Stocks for July 28th



 




AWS 7/28: Q2 GDP Lands at 2.6%, 1st Read



 




7/28: Are Investors Ready for 8:30am Friday?



 




5 Stocks to Avoid at All Costs








›
‹



















 























Douglas Emmett, Inc.                                                                                                     - Woodland Hills                                    , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Woodland Hills



Subdividers and Developers, Nec



Subdividers And Developers, Nec



                            Douglas Emmett, Inc.
                                    



 





















D 


Douglas Emmett, Inc.                                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



21800 OXNARD ST STE 1000 WOODLAND HILLS, CA 91367
Get Directions



(818) 593-6177
 





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 32
 Industries Subdividers And Developers, Nec
 Contacts Dianne Walton                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting Dianne Walton                                                                                                            at (818) 593-6177. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Douglas Emmett, QIA and others buy Beverly Hills office building - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Douglas Emmett, QIA and others buy Beverly Hills office building


July 21, 2017
By Iris Dorbian



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Douglas Emmett, QIA and others buy Beverly Hills office building
Douglas Emmett Inc, Qatar Investment Authority and other unnamed investors have acquired 9665 Wilshire Boulevard, a Beverly Hills, California office building. The price of the acquisition was $177 million.

Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Douglas Emmett Inc, Qatar Investment Authority and other unnamed investors have acquired 9665 Wilshire Boulevard, a Beverly Hills, California office building. The price of the acquisition was $177 million.
PRESS RELEASE
SANTA MONICA, Calif., July 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Douglas Emmett, Inc. (NYSE: DEI), a real estate investment trust (REIT), announced the acquisition of 9665 Wilshire Boulevard, a 171,000 square foot Class “A” office property for $177 million. The 85% leased property is located in the heart of the Beverly Hills golden triangle, immediately adjacent to world class restaurants and retail amenities. This acquisition increases Douglas Emmett’s ownership share of the Beverly Hills Class “A” office market to over 25%.
The property will be held by an existing consolidated joint venture with institutional investors including Qatar Investment Authority (QIA). The same consolidated joint venture also acquired 1299 Ocean Avenue and 429 Santa Monica Boulevard in April 2017. A portion of the purchase price was provided by a $77.5 million secured, non-recourse interest only loan to the joint venture that matures July 2019 and bears interest at Libor plus 1.55%. Douglas Emmett provided 20% of the equity capital and manages the joint venture.
Douglas Emmett’s total office portfolio now consists of 70 office properties totaling approximately 18.3 million square feet. Douglas Emmett also owns 10 premier apartment communities in Los Angeles and Honolulu comprising 3,320 units, and approximately 850 residential units under development. 





For QIA, this acquisition represents another step in its plans to significantly expand its US investment portfolio, and follows other large Class “A” investments in real estate, such as the Manhattan West project in New York City in 2015, the acquisitions of the Westwood Office Portfolio with Douglas Emmett, and a 9.9% interest in Empire State Realty Trust in 2016. QIA has announced plans to invest $35 billion in North America over five years.
About Douglas Emmett, Inc.
Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT), and one of the largest owners and operators of high-quality office and multifamily properties located in the premier coastal submarkets of Los Angeles and Honolulu. Douglas Emmett focuses on owning and acquiring a substantial share of top-tier office properties and premier multifamily communities in neighborhoods that possess significant supply constraints, high-end executive housing and key lifestyle amenities. For more information about Douglas Emmett, please visit our website at www.douglasemmett.com.
About Qatar Investment Authority (QIA)
Qatar Investment Authority was founded by the State of Qatar in 2005 following the vision of HH Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani to strengthen the country’s economy by diversifying into new asset classes. Building on the heritage of Qatar investments dating back more than three decades, its growing portfolio of long-term investments help complement the state’s huge wealth in natural resources. 





Headquartered in Doha, and now with a subsidiary in New York called QIA Advisory, QIA is structured to operate at the very highest levels of global investing. As a world class investor, QIA adheres to the strictest financial and commercial disciplines. It has a strong track record of investing in different asset classes, including listed securities, property, alternative assets and private equity in all the major capital markets as well as the newer emerging markets.
For more information, please visit our website at www.qia.qa

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Douglas Emmett, QIA and others buy Beverly Hills office building
Douglas Emmett Inc, Qatar Investment Authority and other unnamed investors have acquired 9665 Wilshire Boulevard, a Beverly Hills, California office building. The price of the acquisition was $177 million.

Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














 









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

 





























Douglas Emmett, Inc. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Douglas Emmett, Inc.


Douglas Emmett, Inc.

808 Wilshire Blvd. 2nd floor
Santa Monica CA 90401 United States
Phone: +1 310-___-____
Fax: 
http://www.douglasemmett.com





26
Managers




15
IT employees




$5.2MEST.
IT Budget




Douglas Emmett, Inc. is a real estate investment trust that owns and operates office and multifamily properties in California and Hawaii. It was founded in 1971 and is publicly held.






Sector (Industry)
Financial (Real Estate)


Employees
600


Revenue
$635.8M


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2017-04-19
Project Scoop
Topic: Security.
Company: Douglas Emmett, Inc., Santa Monica, CA
Opportunity: A mid-level source has indicated that information security is a spending priority; the organization has selected vendors. This initiative will take place at the company headquarters.




2017-04-06
Spending Trend
Topic: Storage.
Company: Douglas Emmett, Inc., Santa Monica, CA
Opportunity: A mid-level source has indicated that data storage is a spending priority; the organization is evaluating vendors. This initiative will take place at the company headquarters.




2017-04-06
Spending Trend
Topic: Storage.
Company: Douglas Emmett, Inc., Santa Monica, CA
Opportunity: A mid-level source has indicated that data storage is a spending priority; the organization is evaluating vendors. This initiative will take place at the company headquarters.







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Business Intelligence
SAP Crystal Reports

Relational Databases
Intuit QuickBaseMicrosoft AccessMicrosoft SQL ServerPL/SQL

Web Analytics
Google Analytics (GA)
Data Infrastructure

Cloud Systems
Google Cloud Apps

Email Hosting
GoDaddy (mail server)GoDaddy EmailGoogle (mail server)

Hosting
Go Daddy (Hosting)HostGator (hosting)
Data Storage

Data Backup
Acronis Software

Enterprise Storage
IBM Spectrum ProtectIBM Tivoli Storage ManagerOracle Recovery Manager
Enterprise/ ERP

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Oracle JD Edwards

Enterprise Systems Support

HRIS
ADP
Industry Software

Professional Services Software
ComputerEaseQuickbooksSage Construction and Real Estate

Retail Property Management
Yardi Systems
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search

Search Engine Optimization
Analytics

Business Intelligence
SAP Crystal Reports

Marketing Data Management
Microsoft SQL Server

Web Analytics
Google Analytics (GA)
Creative/ Content

Website Design
Adobe Creative SuiteAdobe PhotoshopGoogle Maps
eCommerce

Social Commerce
Go Daddy (Hosting)
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Marketing Portfolio Management

Mobile Application and Content Services
BlackBerry
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Fausto Hurtado
Director, Human Resources
___@douglasemmett.com
+1 310-___-____







Raymund Veneracion
Director, Information Technology Applications
___@douglasemmett.com
+1 310-___-____







Joey Albert
Director, IT
___@douglasemmett.com
+1 310-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing










Officers & Directors | Douglas Emmett































Skip to main content 



Douglas Emmett





Douglas Emmett
Show the Menu 
Call us at 714-555-1234 



 


 































                                Officers & Directors
                            





Officers & Directors




Senior Management







Jordan L. Kaplan
President & Chief Executive Officer









Mr. Kaplan has served as our Chief Executive Officer and President and a member of our Board since our inception. Mr. Kaplan joined our predecessor operating companies in 1986, co-founded our immediate predecessor in 1991 and served as the Chief Financial Officer for our predecessor operating companies from 1991 to 2006. Mr. Kaplan received his bachelor’s degree from the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1983 and his M.B.A. from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1986.










Kenneth M. Panzer
Chief Operating Officer









Mr. Panzer has served as our Chief Operating Officer and a member of our Board since 2006. Mr. Panzer joined our predecessor operating companies in 1984, co-founded our immediate predecessor in 1991 and served as the Chief Operating Officer of our predecessor operating companies from 1991 to 2006. Mr. Panzer received his bachelor’s degree from Penn State University in 1982.












Kevin A. Crummy
Chief Investment Officer









Kevin A. Crummy is our Chief Investment Officer. Prior to joining us in 2014, Mr. Crummy spent 20 years at Eastdil Secured, a real estate investment banking company, where he was a Managing Director responsible for sales and recapitalizations in Los Angeles, Hawaii and other major West Coast markets. Mr. Crummy also led the Eastdil Secured team that sourced Asian based capital for real estate transactions in the United States and Europe. Mr. Crummy holds a Bachelor of Business Administration and a Master of Science in Real Estate and Urban Land Economics from the University of Wisconsin School of Business.










Mona M. Gisler
Chief Financial Officer









Mona M. Gisler is our Chief Financial Officer. Before joining Douglas Emmett in 2014, Ms. Gisler spent 19 

years at Deloitte & Touche LLP, where she was a partner in the real estate practice.  Ms. Gisler, a 

Certified Public Accountant, holds a Bachelors of Science in Business Administration- Accountancy from 

California State University, Long Beach.











Board of Directors







Dan A. Emmett
Chairman









Mr. Emmett has served as the Chairman of our Board since our inception. In 1971, Mr. Emmett co-founded our original predecessor and our immediate predecessor in 1991. Mr. Emmett received his bachelor’s degree from Stanford University in 1961 and his J.D. from Harvard University in 1964.










Christopher H. Anderson
Director









Mr. Anderson was first elected as a member of our Board in 2011. He joined one of our predecessors in 1972, co-founded our predecessor in 1991, where he served in a number of senior positions, including Executive Vice President, until his retirement in 2006. Mr. Anderson also worked in the financial industry at White Weld &Co. and Bank of America and was an officer in the United States Army. Mr. Anderson received his bachelor’s degree from Stanford University in 1964.












Leslie E. Bider
Director









Mr. Bider has served as a member of our Board since 2006. Mr. Bider is Vice Chairman of PinnacleCare, a Private Health Advisory firm, where he served as Chief Executive Officer from 2008 to 2017. From 2007 to 2008, he was the Chief Strategist at ITU Ventures, a Los Angeles based Venture Capital firm. From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Bider served as an executive in residence at Elevation Partners. Mr. Bider was the Chairman/Chief Executive Officer of Warner Chappell Music, Inc., one of the world’s largest music publishing companies, from 1987 to 2005. Prior to that, Mr. Bider served as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Warner Bros. Music, and was a principal in an accounting firm specializing in the entertainment industry. Mr. Bider holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from University of Southern California and an M.S. from the Wharton School. Mr. Bider was a member of the board of directors of OSI Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: “OSIS”) from 2006 to 2010 and of California Pizza Kitchen (NASDAQ: “CPKI”) from 2008 to 2011.










Dr. David T. Feinberg
Director









Dr. Feinberg is president and chief executive officer of Geisinger Health System, a physician-led health system and leader in the development of innovative care models. Dr. Feinberg previously served as CEO of UCLA’s hospitals and associate vice chancellor of UCLA Health Sciences, as well as president of the UCLA Health System.  He holds a bachelor’s degree in economics from the University of California at Berkeley, an M.D. from the University of Health Sciences/The Chicago Medical School and a Masters of Business Administration from Pepperdine University.












Jordan L. Kaplan
President & CEO / Director









Mr. Kaplan has served as our Chief Executive Officer and President and a member of our Board since our inception. Mr. Kaplan joined our predecessor operating companies in 1986, co-founded our immediate predecessor in 1991 and served as the Chief Financial Officer for our predecessor operating companies from 1991 to 2006. Mr. Kaplan received his bachelor’s degree from the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1983 and his M.B.A. from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1986.










Thomas E. O'Hern
Director









Mr. O’Hern has served as a member of our Board since 2006. Mr. O’Hern is Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Macerich Company, a REIT specializing in retail real estate. Prior to joining Macerich in 1993, Mr. O’Hern served as Chief Financial Officer of several commercial real estate companies. Mr. O’Hern worked as a Certified Public Accountant for Arthur Andersen & Co. from 1978 through 1984. Mr. O’Hern is a board member of several educational and philanthropic organizations. Mr. O’Hern holds a bachelor’s degree from California Polytechnic University, San Luis Obispo.












Kenneth M. Panzer
COO / Director









Mr. Panzer has served as our Chief Operating Officer and a member of our Board since 2006. Mr. Panzer joined our predecessor operating companies in 1984, co-founded our immediate predecessor in 1991 and served as the Chief Operating Officer of our predecessor operating companies from 1991 to 2006. Mr. Panzer received his bachelor’s degree from Penn State University in 1982.










William E. Simon Jr.
Director









Mr. Simon is a Partner of Massey Quick Simon & Co., LLC, a firm that provides wealth management, investment consulting, and family office services to its clients. Prior to becoming a partner at Massey Quick Simon, he was Co-Chairman of William E. Simon & Sons, L.L.C. an investment firm that he co-founded in 1988 with his brother, Peter, and their father, William E. Simon, Sr., former U.S. Secretary of the Treasury. At William E. Simon & Sons, L.L.C. he managed a diverse investment portfolio with holdings in real estate, private equity and fixed-income securities.  From 1990 to 2005, Mr. Simon was co-founder and Advisory Director of William E. Simon & Sons Municipal Securities, Inc., and from 1973 to 1979, he held senior positions on the municipal securities and foreign exchange desks at Morgan Guaranty Trust Company. He was an Assistant United States Attorney in the Southern District of New York from 1985 to 1988.  Mr. Simon is currently an Adjunct Assistant Professor of Law at the UCLA School of Law and an Adjunct Assistant Professor in the UCLA College of Letters and Sciences Undergraduate Department of Economics.  In 2014, Columbia University Graduate School of Business, in conjunction with the Gabelli Funds, named Mr. Simon as the co-recipient of its Graham & Dodd, Murray, Greenwald Prize for Value Investing. Mr. Simon holds a Bachelor's degree in history from Williams College where he is a Lifetime Emeritus Trustee and a J.D. from Boston College Law School.












Virginia A. McFerran
Director









Ms. McFerran is President and Chief Executive Officer of Optum Analytics, an information and technology-enabled health services business. Prior to joining Optum, Ms. McFerran served as founder and owner of M Consulting, which specialized in assisting health technology companies with strategic issues. From 2009 to 2014, Ms. McFerran served as Chief Information Officer of the UCLA Health system. Prior to joining UCLA, Ms. McFerran had been the Chief Information Officer of Weill Cornell Medical Center in New York and the Chief Information Officer of The Salk Institute, after having held technical leadership positions at The University of Washington and Microsoft Corporation.  Ms. McFerran holds a bachelor's degree from University of Georgia and an M.S. from Seattle University.




















Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of Use





×
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
























The investor relations site ("Site") with which this document is associated is maintained by S&P Global Market Intelligence ("S&P") on behalf of the organization featured on the Site (S&P's "Client"). These Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms of Use") set forth the terms on which you may use the Site, and the information and materials contained therein (the "Contents"). By using the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to use the Site or Contents in any manner, and you should immediately discontinue any use of the Site or the Contents.
S&P and/or its Client shall have the right at any time to modify or discontinue any aspect of the Site or any part of the Contents. S&P may also modify these Terms of Use without notice. You agree to monitor these Terms of Use, and to cease all access or use of the Site if you no longer agree to abide by the Terms of Use. Your continued use of the Site shall constitute acceptance of such modification.
S&P and the Client grant to you a limited, personal license to access the Site and to access and download the Contents, but only for your own personal, family and household use. You may not use, reproduce, distribute or display any portion of the Site for any other purpose, including without limit any commercial purpose. You may use the Site and the Contents for lawful purposes only. S&P and Client reserve all rights not expressly granted, including the right to terminate your use of the Site without notice.
The Site contains copyrighted material, trademarks and service marks, and other proprietary information, including but not limited to text, software, and graphics, which materials are owned by S&P and/or its Client. S&P and Client reserve all rights in the Contents. You agree not to reproduce, distribute, sell, broadcast, publish, retransmit, disseminate, circulate or commercially exploit the Site or the Contents without the express written consent of S&P and the Client.
You agree to access the Contents and the Site manually, by request, and not automatically, through the use of a program, or other means. You agree not to take any action, alone or with others, that would interfere with the operation of the Site, to alter the Site in any way, or to impede others' access to and freedom to enjoy and use the Site as made available by S&P and S&P’s Client.
THE SITE AND THE CONTENTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. S&P, ITS CLIENT, AND ANY OTHER PROVIDERS OF THE INFORMATION EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
NEITHER, S&P, THE CLIENT NOR EITHER OF THEIR AFFILIATES, SHAREHOLDERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY , PUNITIVE SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SITE, THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR THE CONTENTS, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN PARTICULAR, S&P WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY YOUR RELIANCE ON INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE.
                                    
It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any of the Contents available on the Site. Please seek the advice of professionals regarding the evaluation of any of the information on the Site.
The Site does not represent an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security.
These Terms of Use are the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter, and it can be amended only via written agreement by S&P. These terms and conditions shall be governed by the law of New York, without regard to principals of conflicts or choice of laws.









































 DEI - Stock quote for Douglas Emmett Inc - MSN Money















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help






























AdChoices














Douglas Emmett Inc
NYSE: DEI



US Markets Open










AdChoices








37.95


▲


+0.08
+0.21%



After Hours : 
-
-
-



 July 28, 2017 9:45 AM EDT. BATS BZX Real-Time Last Price. Currency In USD                
















Save














            Summary
        



            Financials
        



            Analysis
        



            Options
        



            Ownership
        



            Company
        



            History
        



            Related
        


















































Open
37.87


Previous Close
37.87


Volume (Avg) 
2.03k (822.92k)


Day's Range
37.87-37.89


52Wk Range
33.78-40.79


Market Cap.
5.85B


Dividend Rate (Yield)
0.92 (2.43%)


Beta
0.70


Shares Outstanding
154.58M


P/E Ratio (EPS)
65.79 (0.58) 









Recent News







Douglas Emmett (DEI) Reports Acquisition of Beverly Hills Office Building for $177M

                            
                            StreetInsider
                        
7/21/2017






BRIEF-Douglas Emmett and QIA acquire Beverly Hills office building

                            
                            Reuters
                        
7/20/2017






Douglas Emmett: Too Late To Join The Rally?

                            
                            Seeking Alpha
                        
7/12/2017






REIT Rankings: Office

                            
                            Seeking Alpha
                        
7/8/2017






Sovereign funds' corporate acquisitions triple in second quarter of 2017

                            
                            Reuters
                        
7/3/2017






Should You Buy Douglas Emmett (DEI) Ahead of Earnings?

                            
                            ZACKS
                        
1 hr ago








Customers Bancorp, Inc (NYSE:CUBI) Issues Earnings Results

                            
                            overnewsmagazine.com
                        
6 hrs ago





 
Physicians Financial Services Inc. Buys 270 Shares of Amazon.com, Inc

                            
                            ibusinesslines.com
                        
18 hrs ago





 
Trump attacks media, asks more of Republicans in latest Twitter rant

                            
                            latribunadecanarias.com
                        
19 hrs ago





 
Monaco deny reports of €180m Kylian Mbappe transfer to Real Madrid

                            
                            latribunadecanarias.com
                        
19 hrs ago





 
TX Has $16414000 Stake in Amazon.com, Inc

                            
                            Ci News
                        
20 hrs ago






Illinois Tool Works -3% despite strong Q2 as investors sell the news

                            
                            hoyentv.com
                        
2 days ago








Pggm Investments Marginally Lowers Its Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW)

                            
                            fumbleboard.com
                        
2 days ago






Indicators in View on Shares of Agjunction Inc (AJXGF) — Investing Focus

                            
                            Bulhufas
                        
2 days ago






$177M Beverly Hills office building trades to Douglas Emmett, QIA

                            
                            SmartBrief
                        
2 days ago






Insider Trading Activity Douglas Emmett, Inc. (NYSE:DEI) – Chairman Sold 100,000 shares of Stock

                            
                            marketexclusive.com
                        
2 days ago






Douglas Emmett, Inc. (NYSE:DEI) Trading Up – Insiders Selling, Short Interest Growing

                            
                            Highlight Press
                        
3 days ago





 
Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) Shares Sold by Paloma Partners Management Co

                            
                            themarketsdaily.com
                        
4 days ago























AdChoices
















AdChoices

















AdChoices




















Markets











DOW

DOW



▼

21,775.13


-21.42
-0.10%













Last updated time
7/28/2017 9:47 AM EDT







Markets





NASDAQ

NASDAQ



▼

6,366.05




-16.13
-0.25%










FTSE 100

FTSE 100



▼

7,395.73




-47.28
-0.64%










NYSE Composite

NYSE Composite



▼

11,963.23




-1.68
-0.01%



















AdChoices
















                Feedback
            







Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 











 



DEI : Summary for Douglas Emmett, Inc. - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets close in 6 hrs 13 minsS&P 5002,470.22-5.20 (-0.21%)Dow 3021,775.58-20.97 (-0.10%)Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI)NYSE - Nasdaq Real Time Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist37.99+0.12 (+0.32%)As of  9:47AM EDT. Market open.People also watchKRCDCTOFCBDNELSSummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalysts1d5d1m6mYTD1y5yMaxFull screenPrevious Close37.87Open37.87Bid37.85 x 100Ask37.95 x 100Day's Range37.89 - 38.0152 Week Range33.78 - 40.79Volume7,569Avg. Volume826,476Market Cap6.83BBeta0.96PE Ratio (TTM)66.07EPS (TTM)0.57Earnings DateAug 1, 2017Dividend & Yield0.92 (2.43%)Ex-Dividend Date2017-06-281y Target Est39.53Trade prices are not sourced from all marketsAllNewsPress ReleasesZacks•1 hour agoShould You Buy Douglas Emmett (DEI) Ahead of Earnings?Douglas Emmett (DEI) is seeing favorable earnings estimate revision activity and has a positive Zacks Earnings ESP ahead of earning.SponsoredUSA News GroupOne Healthcare Stock Is Going On A Bull RunSurprising Healthcare Stock Is Poised To Take The Investing Community By Storm. Don't Miss This, It May Be Your Top Portfolio Earner.PR Newswire•8 days agoDouglas Emmett And QIA Acquire Beverly Hills Office BuildingSANTA MONICA, Calif. , July 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Douglas Emmett , Inc. (NYSE:DEI), a real estate investment trust (REIT), announced the acquisition of 9665 Wilshire Boulevard, a 171,000 square foot ...Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)





Douglas Emmett Inc DEI Profile-Financials-Revenues-Growth-Market-Description                         Please wait while the search results are loading...     Plunkett Research,® Ltd.Our Market Research = Your Smart Decisions  What are you looking for?    Information Marketing & Research PROS   Information for Students & Professors   Subscribers Log In     Home >  Industries  >  Real Estate & Construction  > Douglas Emmett Inc   Plunkett Research Online: Douglas Emmett Inc    DOUGLAS EMMETT INC (DEI:NYS) Company Profile, Corporate Revenues, Growth, Market Size, Analysis, Business Forecasts, Market Share, Metrics, SWOTDouglas Emmett, Inc. is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT).  It operates in two business segments: office properties and multifamily properties.  It focuses on owning, acquiring and operating a substantial share of top-tier office properties and premier multifam..... Douglas Emmett Inc  Ticker: DEIExchange: NYSParent Company: Year Established: Employees: Fiscal Year Ends in  Phone: 310 255-7700Fax: 310 255-7701Address: 808 Wilshire BoulevardSuite 200Santa Monica, CA 90401 United States MapTypes Of Business Industry Ranks  Total RevenueMarket CapEmployee CountNet IncomeRevenue 3Y GrowthIncome 3Y GrowthReturn on Assets (%)Return on Equity (%)Return on Invested Capital (%) Industry NAICS code:  Real Estate Investment Trusts - NonresidentialMultifamily Rental Properties Refreshing... Contacts Excel TextDescription Jordan KaplanCEO/Director/PresidentMona GislerCFO See More Douglas Emmett, Inc. is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). It operates in two business segments: office properties and multifamily properties. It focuses on owning, acquiring and operating a substantial share of top-tier office properties and premier multifam.....See More See More Auditor: Ernst & Young LLP Legal Advisor: Venable LLP   Financial Details  Compare to Industry Averages  Build Custom Table  Compare Companies $USD, In whole numbers,  except marked * or %201620152014201320122011Financials    Revenue    Cost of Revenue    Gross  Margin %    R&D Expense    Operating  Income    Operating  Margin %    SGA Expense    Net  Income    Earnings Per Share    Dividends    Book Value Per Share    Operating  Cash  Flow    Capital  Expenditure    Free  Cash  FlowProfitability    EBITDA    Return on Assets %    Return on Equity %    Net  Margin %    Assets  Turnover    Financial  LeverageBrands, Divisions and AffiliatesTop Salaries  NameTitleSalary (US$)Bonus (US$)Other ThoughtsCorporate CultureApparent Female Officers or Directors:     Javascript is disabled.    Request Free Trial Subscriptions Plans & Pricing500 Industries Analyzed for Market Size, Profits and Forecasts25,000 Companies Profiled, Ranked100,000 Industry Statistics150,000 Industry Executives Profiled1,000,000 Words of Trends Analysis Printed Almanacs and Ebooks Custom Research ProjectsA REPRESENTATIVE LIST OF ORGANIZATIONS THAT HAVE USED OUR RESEARCH PRODUCTS:         Take a TourHow to Use Plunkett Research Online-8 MinutesPlunkett Online AccessPlunkett Research BooksContactPhone: 713.932.0000Alternate Phone: 713.961.3282Fax: 713.932.7080E-Mail UsAsk a Product QuestionMedia Interviews, Get a SpeakerCustom ResearchInternational Distributors ListNews & RSSTestimonials  Your tool is very comprehensive and immensely useful. The vertical marketing tool is very helpful, for it assists us in that venue, as well as targeting customers’ competition for new sales…The comprehensive material is absolutely fabulous. I am very impressed, I have to say! Tammy Dalton, National Account Manager, MCI, Tammy Dalton  We are especially trying to push Plunkett since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use.  St. John’s College, Library Services  I’m amazed at how much information is available and the various ways to access it. This will be a major resource for our serious job seekers.  Penn State University, Career Services  I really appreciate the depth you were able to get to so quickly (for our project). The team has looked through the material and are very happy with the data you pulled together.  Marketing Manager, Hilton Worldwide  Plunkett Research Online is an excellent resource…the database contains a wealth of useful data on sectors and companies, which is easy to search and well presented.   Help and advice on how to conduct, export and save searches is available at all stages. Penny Crossland, Editor, VIP Magazine  The more I get into the database, the happier I am that we’ll have it–REALLY happy!!!  Between the quality and affordability of your product, its appeal to and value for our users, and the inestimably ethical and loyalty-guaranteeing conduct of your business, I will always have more than sufficient praises to sing for Plunkett Research. Michael Oppenheim, Collections & Reference Services, UCLA  Plunkett Research Online provides a great ‘one stop shop’ for us to quickly come up to speed on major industries. It provides us with an overall analysis of the market, key statistics, and overviews of the major players in the industry in an online service that is fast, easy to navigate, and reliable. Wendy Stotts, Manager, Carlson Companies-Information Center  We are especially trying to push Plunkett’s since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use. Gary White, Business Materials Selector, Penn State University     Sign up for Free Research Reports   Subscribe                                 
