    Veronica Alvarez | Dowling & Partners Securities LLC | ZoomInfo.com
 Dowling & Partners Securities LLC, Veronica  Alvarez, veronica@dowling.com 























  A publisher of Business Information since 1983    



  









 
            





Search Business
		    
				Search Executive
		    

        

  Advanced Search








 
                 




 | 
		 
						
   							Sign In
   					
			 | 
	    Hints





    







Company Name
Dowling & Partners Securities LLC
 
 














 Address

	        
				
						190 Farmington Ave.		        	
				
									        	
					
							
						
	        
					
			
					
					 	
					 		Farmington,
					 		
					 
					 
					 
					
           					
           			
	    			
	    			
         					06032
         					
	    				
	    			
	    					
	    				
	    			
	    			         		
	    			
	    				
	       				 United States
						         
				



Email
  N/A
Phone
 1-860-676-8600


Website


							        www.dowling.com
							        

Fax

							         1-860-676-8617














            Summary            
      Executive Details      









Business Information
															The group's principle activity is to provide insurance equity research services. The group focuses on quarterly earnings review, loss reserve analysis, and company reports. The group operates from United States.    
															






                       
																Executive Information                                                                
															



																Name

																Title
															

																Email
															


 
												



 
									Company Size
								

  Sales Range Below 10 Millon    Employee Range  Below 25
   

 
											
										
										  

TO SEE COMPLETE RESULTS SUBSCRIBE NOW
TO SEE COMPLETE RESULTS SUBSCRIBE NOW



Click for more Executives 


















       Financial Summary       
        Income Statement        
         Balance Sheet         
         Cash Flows         
          Ratios          







































                                              FOR SUBSCRIBERS ONLYCLICK HERE TO
                                              
                                              SUBSCRIBE NOW























           
 
 
Home   |   About Us   |   Product Information    |   Subscription   |  List Builder    |  Executive List    |   Email Lists      |  Contact Us   |   Site Map   |  
 Browse Directory    




 

 &nbsp   ©
 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.

  





Veronica Alvarez  Dowling - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Veronica Alvarez  Dowling
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Veronica Alvarez  Dowling. Find out Veronica Alvarez  Dowling address and contact details. View other people related to Veronica Alvarez  Dowling - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

54 LEDYARD  WEST HARTFORD 06117 CT




Companies related to Veronica Alvarez  Dowling
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001020475GRANDPARENTS.COM, INC.589 EIGHTH AVENUE, 6TH FLOOR  NEW YORK 10018




Veronica Alvarez  Dowling on the Web
Persons related to Veronica Alvarez  Dowling - GRANDPARENTS.COM, INC.NamePositionCityFoote  AndrewNew YorkJOSEPH E  BERNSTEIN10% Owner DELRAY BEACHJOSEPH E  BERNSTEINCo-CEO, CFO and Treasurer NEW YORKSARA ELLEN  BRESLAUSenior VP, Editor-in-Chief NEW YORKfred  bursteinST. LOUIS PARKfred  bursteinDirector MINNEPOLISMICHAEL  CARROSINOChief Financial Officer SEATTLEDwyer, Jr.  ClementNew YorkROBERT  COHENDirector GARDEN CITYROBERT  COHENDirector NEW YORKVeronica Alvarez  DowlingWEST HARTFORDCLEMENT S  DWYER JRCALIFONAndrew  EcclestoneDirector NORTH YORKMARIO  EHLERSDirector SEATTLEBreslau  EllenNew YorkAndrew  FooteBROOKLYNTERRY M  GILESDirector SEATTLEGP.com Holding Company, LLC.10% Owner NEW YORKMEL  HARRISDirector NEW YORKMICHAEL  HARTZMARKDirector SEATTLERONALD R  HELMChief Executive Officer SEATTLEWasserman  JeffreyNEW YORKMahl  JeffreyNEW YORKMahl  JeffreyNew YorkJohn P  JensenVice President and Controller SEATTLEOffice  JeremyNEW YORKOffice  JeremyNew YorkBernstein  JosephNEW YORKBernstein  JosephNew YorkPAUL G  KANANDirector PAUL G  KANANDirector SEATTLEPAUL G  KANANDirector SEATTLELouis P  KarolDirector GARDEN CITYLouis P  KarolNEW YORKRiaz  LatifullahChief Financial Officer NEW YORKLEE  LAZARUSChief Operating Officer NEW YORKELIZABETH TENG  LEARYChief Scientific Officer SEATTLESTEVEN E  LEBERChairman/CEO NEW YORKSTEVEN E  LEBERCo-Chief Executive Officer NEW YORKLazarus  LeeNew YorkLazarus  LeeNew YorkKarol  LouisNew YorkKarol  LouisNew YorkJEFFREY S  MAHLPresident NEW YORKSchwartz  MatthewNEW YORKSchwartz  MatthewNew YorkHarris  MelNew YorkHarris  MelNew YorkMichael P.  MurphyChief Operating Officer SEATTLEJEREMY  OFFICENEW YORKRICHARD  PALFREYMANDirector SEATTLERICHARD  PALFREYMANDirector SEATTLELatifullah  RiazNew YorkCohen  RobertNew YorkCohen  RobertNEW YORKSAIGENE CORP10% Owner SEATTLESAIGENE CORP10% Owner SEATTLESAIGENE CORP10% Owner BOTHELLSAIGENE CORP10% Owner SEATTLESAIGENE CORP10% Owner SEATTLECurtis J  ScheelSecretary, Treasurer HUNTINGTOWNCurtis J  ScheelDirector ANNAPOLISSTANLEY  SCHLOZSEATTLESTANLEY  SCHLOZDirector SEATTLESTANLEY  SCHLOZPresident SEATTLEMATTHEW  SCHWARTZVP, CCO & Secretary NEW YORKMATTHEW  SCHWARTZSee remarks NEW YORKLeber  StevenNEW YORKLeber  StevenNew YorkVB Funding, LLC10% Owner FARMINGTONAlvarez Dowling  VeronicaNew YorkJeffrey L  WassermanNEW YORKKENNETH R  WATERSSEATTLEKENNETH R  WATERSDirector KENNETH R  WATERSDirector of Strategic Planning SEATTLETIMOTHY  WUDIDirector SEATTLE












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Professional Team
























































Dowling Hales


Professional Team
The professionals at Dowling Hales are diverse, highly experienced, dedicated and have developed a reputation for “getting things done” regardless of a transaction’s complexity or dynamics.   Our professionals average 20 years of experience and, combined, have completed hundreds of M&A, capital raising and other transactions for insurance brokers, insurance carriers and other financial services organizations nationwide.


John J. Kraska, President
John is President of Dowling Hales.  He joined Hales & Company in 2001 and led the management buyout of the firm from Arch Capital Group, Ltd. in 2004.  As a Managing Partner of the firm, he oversaw the firm’s growth both internally and through acquisition, culminating in a sale to a private investor group and the formation of Dowling Hales, an affiliate of Dowling & Partners.  John has nearly 20 years of experience as an investor and advisor in the insurance industry, completing over 100 transactions throughout his career.  He began his career as an actuary at Aetna and Equitable Cos. (now AXA).  He is a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of the University of Pennsylvania and The Wharton School with degrees in Mathematics and Economics. John is registered with FINRA as a General Securities Representative (Series 7 and 63) and a Limited Representative - Investment Banking (Series 79). John is a General Securities Principal (Series 24) and he is a FINRA Operations Principal (Series 99). 
Email: jkraska@dowlinghales.com


Louis Caltavuturo, Partner
Lou joined Hales & Company in 2004 and has over 20 years of experience as an advisor to the financial services industry, with an emphasis on the insurance, brokerage and healthcare sectors. Prior to joining the firm, he was with Fox-Pitt, Kelton Inc. where he focused on advisory projects, demutualizations and equity capital raising worth in excess of $10 billion for clients in the insurance and healthcare sectors. He has extensive structured finance and lending experience from Deutsche Morgan Grenfell, as well as regulatory experience gained during assignments at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Lou graduated with distinction from Colgate University with concentrations in Economics and International Relations and has earned an MBA from Columbia Business School. Lou is registered with FINRA as a General Securities Representative (Series 7 and 63) and a Limited Representative - Investment Banking (Series 79).
Email: lcaltavuturo@dowlinghales.com


Charles Norton-Smith, Senior Adviser
Charles has spent more than 20 years within the specialty insurance market, with senior banking roles in London, Sydney and New York, most recently as Chairman of The BMS Group's North American Specialty Group. Twelve years ago he switched to banking and joined Cochran & Caronia, which merged with Fox-Pitt Kelton and is now a part of Macquarie Group, where he specialized in providing corporate finance services to the property and casualty sector. Charles studied at Christ Church, Oxford and was a member of Lloyd's for more than 20 years and remains on the board of several U.S. distribution businesses. 
Email: cnorton-smith@dowlinghales.com


Kenneth Pan, Senior Vice President | Partner
Ken joined Dowling Hales in 2014 and has nearly two decades of experience covering the insurance sector, including senior roles as both an investment banker and equity analyst. Prior to joining Dowling Hales, Ken was with Aon Benfield Securities and its predecessor Benfield Advisory where he specialized in advising clients on corporate finance transactions including sales, divestitures, acquisitions and equity capital raisings.  Ken earlier in his career focused on the insurance sector as an equity research analyst, including tenures at JP Morgan Securities as an associate and FTN Midwest Research as a senior publishing analyst. Ken holds a BS from Binghamton University with a concentration in management and finance. He  is registered with FINRA as a General Securities Representative (Series 7 and 63) and a Limited Representative - Investment Banking (Series 79).
Email: kpan@dowlinghales.com


Harshal Gorde, Senior Vice President
Harshal joined Dowling Hales in April 2015 and has seven years of experience advising insurance industry clients on mergers and acquisitions and capital raising. Prior to joining the firm, Harshal worked at Aon Benfield Securities, the investment banking group of Aon plc., where he managed and executed a range of corporate finance transactions. Harshal began his career in the medical device industry, where he worked in various operational and project management roles. Harshal holds a Master of Business Administration degree from University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business and a Master of Science degree from Texas A&M University. He has an undergraduate degree in engineering from the University of Mumbai, India.  Harshal is registered with FINRA as a General Securities Representative (Series 7 and 63) and a Limited Representative - Investment Banking (Series 79).

Email: hgorde@dowlinghales.com


Veronica Alvarez, Chief Operating Officer
Veronica joined Dowling Hales in 2012. Previously she was Director of IT at Dowling & Partners, where she started as an equity research analyst in the  Property & Casualty research team. Ms. Alvarez graduated summa cum laude from the University of Hartford with a BS in Business Administration.
Email: veronica@dowlinghales.com


Etan Finkel, Director of Business Valuation
Etan joined Dowling Hales in 2014 and has a decade of transaction advisory experience. Etan has performed valuations for a variety of purposes, including financial and tax reporting, capital restructuring, as well as mergers and acquisitions. He has also valued intangible assets such as patents, trademarks, proprietary technology, subscribers, customer contracts and related relationships, and non-competition agreements in the context of purchase price allocations for financial reporting purposes. Prior to joining Dowling Hales, Etan was a Manager in Ernst & Young's Valuation and Business Modeling practice. Etan also worked in Ernst & Young's Transaction Tax practice. Etan is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), licensed and registered in Illinois, and is Accredited in Business Valuation (ABV). He holds the Accredited Senior Appraiser (ASA) designation in the Business Valuation discipline with the American Society of Appraisers. Etan graduated with honors from the University of Maryland - College Park with a degree in accounting. Etan is registered with FINRA as a Limited Representative - Investment Banking (Series 79 and 63).
Email: efinkel@dowlinghales.com


Jeffrey Hathaway, Senior Vice President
Jeff joined Dowling Hales in 2013 and has spent a decade advising insurance industry clients on mergers and acquisitions and capital raising. Prior to joining the firm, Jeff worked at American International Group (AIG), where he managed and executed global restructuring transactions. He began his career at GC Securities, Guy Carpenter’s investment banking group, where he advised insurance underwriters and distributors on corporate finance transactions. Jeff is a member of Phi Beta Kappa and holds a Master of Business Administration and summa cum laude Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Temple University. Following his undergraduate studies, he worked as a research fellow in the Lower House of German Parliament in Berlin. Jeff is registered with FINRA as a General Securities Representative (Series 7 and 63), a Limited Representative - Investment Banking (Series 79) and a General Securities Principal (Series 24). Additionally, Jeff holds the Associate in Reinsurance designation.
Email: jhathaway@dowlinghales.com


Cissy Zhang, Associate
Cissy joined Dowling Hales in 2012. She previously worked as an analyst in Financial Institutions Group of UBS Investment Bank in New York. Her experience includes debt and equity capital raising and M&A advisory work for banks, insurance, specialty finance and financial technology companies. Cissy graduated summa cum laude from Sewanee: The University of the South with a major in Mathematics and honors in Business. Cissy is registered with FINRA as a Limited Representative - Investment Banking (Series 79 and 63).
Email: czhang@dowlinghales.com


Michael J. Yardley, Marketing Director
Michael joined Dowling Hales in 2012. He previously worked in the accounting and consulting industry at Grant Thornton LLP. Michael has over four years of experience advising retail and wholesale brokers, MGAs/MGUs, carriers and other insurance services companies. His experience includes buy-side and sell-side mergers and acquisitions, capital raising and valuation analysis. He is a graduate of the University of Missouri - Columbia. Michael is registered with FINRA as a Limited Representative - Investment Banking (Series 79 and 63).
Email: myardley@dowlinghales.com


Will Imhoff, Chief Compliance Officer
Will joined Dowling Hales in 2015 and brings more than 25 years of institutional sales, marketing and management experience in the financial services and manufacturing sectors. Most recently, Will has been actively involved in regulatory compliance, as both an outside consultant and registered Compliance Officer for broker-dealers specializing in private placements and private equity investments. Earlier in his career, Will worked for several large and small member firms in the areas of Portfolio Analysis, Fixed Income Research and Institutional Sales and Trading. He also co-founded and managed a niche broker-dealer specializing in mortgage derivatives and structured agency securities. In addition to his broad financial services sector experience, Will served for many years as Vice President and Treasurer of a commercial foodservice equipment manufacturer. Will holds a BS in Finance from the University of Utah. He is registered with FINRA as a General Securities Representative (Series 7 and 66), General Securities Principal (Series 24) and Operations Professional (Series 99).
Email: wimhoff@dowlinghales.com


Alexander Peck, Senior Analyst
Alex joined Dowling Hales in 2016. He previously worked at Swiss Re in its Business Development unit, where he advised on corporate finance and capital management driven reinsurance transactions for the company’s global P&C clients.  Prior to Swiss Re, Alex was an analyst at JP Morgan Chase & Co. Alex graduated magna cum laude from The Florida State University with a double major in Finance and Applied Economics. Alex is registered with FINRA as a Limited Representative - Investment Banking (Series 79).
Email: apeck@dowlinghales.com


Chris Ward, Analyst
Chris joined Dowling Hales in 2017. Prior to joining the firm, Chris worked at Valuation Research Corporation where he provided financial opinions involving valuation, solvency and capital adequacy to institutional clients. Prior to Valuation Research, Chris was an analyst at Robin Hood Ventures. Chris graduated from the Fox School of Business at Temple University with a major in finance. Chris is registered with FINRA as a Limited Representative - Investment Banking (Series 79)
Email: cward@dowlinghales.com



Professional Team
Investment Banking Services

general information
M&A advice
capital raising
valuation
due diligence


transactions

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007


articles
contact us
Careers
Community Service





Copyright © 2017 
		   Dowling & Hales, LLC
		   Hales Securities, LLC | Member FINRA/SIPC | Privacy Practice Notice | Business Continuity Plan Summary






general information





























































Dowling Hales


general information
Whether you are (i) buying a business, (ii) selling part or all of your business or (iii) finding capital to grow your business or buyout a partner, the tasks required to execute these transactions are complex and time consuming.
Dowling & Hales, LLC, together with its broker-dealer affiliate, Hales Securities, LLC, a member of FINRA/SIPC, has developed a consistent reputation as the “advisor of choice” dedicated to the insurance sector. We rank among the top insurance advisors, having advised on over 137 completed transactions representing over $7.1 billion in aggregate value since 2010.
Dowling Hales offers a range of advisory services, including traditional M&A (sell-side and buy-side) advice, due diligence services, valuations for perpetuation and estate planning purposes and strategic consulting. Dowling Hales’ broker/dealer, Hales Securities, LLC, a member of FINRA/SIPC, executes all securities-related transactions including fairness opinions, private placements of equity and subordinated debt securities for its middle-market insurance clients nationwide.
Our clients represent a diverse mix of insurance distribution, underwriting, risk management, administration and technology-related businesses:


Property/casualty retail brokers


Life/health/benefits retail brokers


Wholesale brokers


Managing general agencies


Insurance and reinsurance underwriters


Premium finance companies


Pension, outsourcing and claims administrators


Insurance technology and related software firms


Through our expertise and dedicated approach to superior client service, we have assisted hundreds of insurance organizations in achieving their financial and non-financial goals and objectives.
Dowling Hales possess the experience and expertise to advise and help navigate you through a transaction. And, every transaction has unexpected challenges. Our professionals also have the persistence to work through them tirelessly to help you achieve a successful deal.
We offer advisory services* to our clients in the following areas:

*All securities-related transactions are conducted through Hales Securities, LLC, member FINRA/SIPC.



Professional Team
Investment Banking Services

general information
M&A advice
capital raising
valuation
due diligence


transactions

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007


articles
contact us
Careers
Community Service





Copyright © 2017 
		   Dowling & Hales, LLC
		   Hales Securities, LLC | Member FINRA/SIPC | Privacy Practice Notice | Business Continuity Plan Summary






Veronica Alvarez | Dowling & Hales LLC | Mergr







































Veronica Alvarez

COO
Dowling & Hales LLC
Joined: 2012


Office Phone:(212) 592-5700  





Get Started
                     
                    
                        and access, 


    38K PE/M&A Contacts
    +
    3.1K PE Firms 
    2.6K M&A Advisors
    109K Transactions
    119K Companies 



     Market Services
     Build Lists
     Research Sectors
     Uncover Opportunities






 Bio 
Veronica joined Dowling Hales in 2012. Previously she was Director of IT at Dowling & Partners, where she started as an equity research analyst in the Property & Casualty research team. Ms. Alvarez graduated summa cum laude from the University of Hartford with a BS in Business Administration.



 Education

University of Hartford  
1 of 7
















Product


Pricing 
Browse 
Docs 




Company

About 
Contact 
Blog 




Legal

Terms
Privacy

































VERONICA ALVAREZ & VJ DOWLING - Wedding Registry










































































Biography of Veronica Alvarez - The Official Board 




















 

 


 


We use cookies to provide a better service. By continuing your navigation, you consent to their use. Learn more on Privacy Policy.










Business E-mail



Password


            Lost password        



 




Executive name, Job title...



Advanced Search
Tips














Biography of Veronica Alvarez
                Last update: 8 days ago            







Career

Veronica Alvarez is currently

Chief Operating Officer - Dowling Hales


Dowling Hales (org chart)





Create an alert 
                   to follow the career of Veronica Alvarez.
					                



Get in Touch

                    Use our Premium/VIP Service to contact Veronica Alvarez by email now. Here are a few tips for establishing great contacts.Send an emailto Veronica Alvarez. 


With Skype, Call Dowling Hales at +1 212... and ask for  Veronica Alvarez.                

Share









More information about Veronica Alvarez

Selected links



Dowling Hales






Social Media

                    Veronica Alvarez on Google News, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube
View the pictures of Veronica Alvarez 



Add a new link about Veronica Alvarez 


Delete any non-relevant links for Veronica Alvarez 

Do you need to know more about Veronica Alvarez?
Extend your search. 



The colleagues of Veronica Alvarez
Company Colleagues

                            At Dowling Hales, Veronica Alvarez has 7 colleagues  who can be contacted including Jeffrey Hathaway (Senior Vice President), John Kraska (President)…                         






Industry Colleagues

                        In the Investment Holdings industry, Veronica Alvarez has 16,190 colleagues in 1,153 companies located in 78 countries.                        8,432 executive movements have been recorded in the last 12 months.                        Learn more about Investment Holdings.






Report an error
Update the org chart details of Veronica Alvarez.












The most constantly updated executive database.


Companies
Learn about your customers' org charts. Understand their industries and their competitors.

List of the companies
Statistics by industry



Executives
View the executives' biographies. Contact the executives through our email platform.

Most viewed Biographies
Contact an executive



Alerts
Receive alerts when important organizational changes happen.

Create an alert
Manage your alerts



Track your customers
Download our data in Excel on your PC. File your customers in folders. Add private notes.

Download our data
Meaning of key titles








Insert a relevant link about Veronica Alvarez.

How does this work?Those links are either provided by our members or search engines. By adding links, you help make this biography more complete. We appreciate the help!



URL of the page to add*
Text to display*
Add a link





Which links about Veronica Alvarez are irrelevant and should be deleted?

How does this work?Our links are provided by our members and by our search technology.  By deleting links, you help make this biography more relevant. We appreciate the help!




Dowling Hales

     Suppress this link (It is not relevant).

Confirm



 


                    For each of our 763,822 listed executives,discover their exact rolesand their biographies.                

Free Test






		After three unsuccessful trials, for your security,your access has to be interrupted for 10 minutes.Many thanks for your appreciated understanding.Please contact us for any assistance at contact@theofficialboard.com.	
Close







