

	DRAGONEER Trademark of Dragoneer Investment Group, LLC. Serial Number: 85721161 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
DRAGONEER










 
Get FREE email alerts













DRAGONEER  Trademark Information
 Dragoneer Investment Group, LLC
Financial services, namely, investment management, investment advice, investment consultation, investment of funds for others; fund investment services, namely, hedge fund, private equity, hybrid, venture capital, and other private funds; operation and management of hedge funds, private equity funds, hybrid funds, venture capital funds, and other private funds; alternative asset management




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         investment   management      investment   advice      investment   consultation      investment   funds   fund   investment   services         hedge   fund      private   equity       
                                    




This is a brand page for the DRAGONEER trademark by Dragoneer Investment Group, LLC 
                                in San Francisco, CA, 94111.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this DRAGONEER trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Dragoneer Investment Group, LLC of the DRAGONEER trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the DRAGONEER trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, September 5, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        DRAGONEER by 
                        Dragoneer Investment Group, LLC, San Francisco, CA  94111.
                        The USPTO has given the DRAGONEER 
                        trademark serial  number of  85721161.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for DRAGONEER is 
                        
                        
                                            EMILIA F. CANNELLA of 
                                            ROPES & GRAY LLP,  PRUDENTIAL TOWER 800 BOYLSTON ST, BOSTON, MA 02199 
                                .
                            The DRAGONEER trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for DRAGONEER 
                            is Financial services, namely, investment management, investment advice, investment consultation, investment of funds for others; fund investment services, namely, hedge fund, private equity, hybrid, venture capital, and other private funds; operation and management of hedge funds, private equity funds, hybrid funds, venture capital funds, and other private funds; alternative asset management. 
                            





Word mark:
 DRAGONEER


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

1/14/2014



  Serial Number:  
85721161


  Filing Date:  
9/5/2012


 Registration Number:  
4467383 


 Registration Date:  
1/14/2014


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services, namely, investment management, investment advice, investment consultation, investment of funds for others; fund investment services, namely, hedge fund, private equity, hybrid, venture capital, and other private funds; operation and management of hedge funds, private equity funds, hybrid funds, venture capital funds, and other private funds; alternative asset management


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
2/12/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

Dragoneer Investment Group, LLCSan Francisco, CA  94111
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


EMILIA F. CANNELLA
ROPES & GRAY LLP
PRUDENTIAL TOWER 800 BOYLSTON ST
BOSTON, MA 02199






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your DRAGONEER trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

1/14/2014
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



EMILIA F. CANNELLA


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of DRAGONEER trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search dragoneer on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for DRAGONEER 




DRAGONEER is providing Financial services, namely, investment management, investment advice, investment consultation, investment of funds for others; fund investment services, namely, hedge fund, private equity, hybrid, venture capital, and other private funds; operation and management of hedge funds, private equity funds, hybrid funds, venture capital funds, and other private funds; alternative asset management.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















 



AmWINS Group Partners with Dragoneer Investment Group | Business Wire
























































AmWINS Group Partners with Dragoneer Investment Group




Dragoneer purchases 35% of AmWINS from New Mountain Capital, securing 
      a long-term investor for AmWINS’ management and broad employee 
      shareholder base








October 11, 2016 08:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time



CHARLOTTE, N.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--AmWINS Group, Inc. (“AmWINS”), announced today that its shareholders 
      have reached a definitive agreement to partner with Dragoneer Investment 
      Group (“Dragoneer”). In this transaction, which values AmWINS at 
      approximately $2.6 billion, New Mountain Capital (“New Mountain”) will 
      successfully exit its investment in AmWINS, which it made in 2012. Upon 
      completion, Dragoneer will own 35% of AmWINS, the Public Sector Pension 
      Investment Board (“PSP Investments”) will own 30% and more than 440 
      AmWINS employee shareholders will own the remaining 35%. Other terms of 
      the transaction were not disclosed.
    


      Headquartered in Charlotte, N.C., AmWINS is a leading specialty 
      insurance broker placing in excess of $13 billion in premiums through 
      its relationships with more than 20,000 retail brokerage firms and over 
      1,000 insurance markets. AmWINS’ expertise covers a wide range of 
      specialty insurance products and services in the property/casualty and 
      group benefits insurance marketplace. With over 3,900 employees in more 
      than 100 offices located across 12 countries, AmWINS’ deep industry 
      knowledge and capabilities, extensive geographic reach, and independent 
      relationships with insurance carriers and retail insurance brokers allow 
      it to serve as a critical, independent intermediary in the complex and 
      highly fragmented specialty insurance market.
    

      “With this transaction, we have achieved yet another phase in building a 
      long-term capital base,” said M. Steven DeCarlo, CEO of AmWINS. 
      “Dragoneer’s investment philosophy, deep expertise in the technology 
      industry, and global investment experience, combined with our employee 
      ownership, positions us to be able to focus on our clients and enhances 
      our ability to execute on our 150-year strategic vision. We also want to 
      thank New Mountain for being a great partner over the past four years.”
    

      "We are delighted to meaningfully increase our stake in AmWINS following 
      our initial investment in 2015," said Marc Stad, Founder and Managing 
      Partner of Dragoneer. “I have personally followed AmWINS' success for 
      over 10 years and firmly believe there is tremendous opportunity ahead 
      as technology plays a bigger role in the business and the company 
      expands its independent distribution platform. AmWINS’ exceptional 
      management team and competitive differentiation in the insurance 
      industry align well with our investment philosophy. We look forward to 
      forging a long-term partnership."
    

      The transaction completes the successful partnership between AmWINS and 
      New Mountain. “We are very pleased with our investment in AmWINS," said 
      Robert Mulcare, Director at New Mountain Capital. "We are fortunate to 
      have had the opportunity to partner with such a unique company, its 
      outstanding management team, and its talented and dedicated employees. 
      During the past four years the value of the company has more than 
      doubled, and we believe the company will continue its tremendous growth 
      and success into the future. We would like to thank the AmWINS team for 
      their partnership.”
    

      “We welcome Dragoneer’s increased investment in AmWINS. Dragoneer shares 
      our vision of providing long-term ownership to AmWINS and we look 
      forward to collaborating with them and AmWINS’ management and employees 
      to support the company’s continued success,” said Guthrie Stewart, 
      Senior Vice President, Global Head of Private Investments at PSP 
      Investments.
    

      Subject to customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions, the 
      transaction is expected to close within the next two months. Robinson, 
      Bradshaw & Hinson served as legal adviser to AmWINS.
    

About AmWINS Group, Inc.


      Headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, AmWINS is a leader in the 
      specialty insurance brokerage industry with offices in more than 
      100 locations across 12 countries, including 80 in the United 
      States. The firm has expertise across a diversified mix of property, 
      casualty, group benefits and specialty insurance products. AmWINS also 
      offers value-added services to support its products, including product 
      development, underwriting, premium/claims administration and actuarial 
      services. For more information, please visit www.amwins.com.
    

About Dragoneer Investment Group


      Dragoneer Investment Group, based in San Francisco, CA, is a 
      growth-oriented investor in both public and private companies. Dragoneer 
      seeks businesses with sustainable competitive advantages, attractive 
      financial models, and world class management teams. Dragoneer’s global 
      track record includes investments across several industries with a 
      particular focus on technology enabled businesses. Dragoneer employs a 
      long-term fund structure supported by the highest quality limited 
      partners largely consisting of leading endowments, foundations and 
      institutional family offices. For more information, please contact 
      Kingsley Beer at information@dragoneer.com.
    

About PSP Investments


      The Public Sector Pension Investment Board (PSP Investments) is one of 
      Canada's largest pension investment managers with $116.8 billion of net 
      assets under management as of March 31, 2016. It manages a diversified 
      global portfolio composed of investments in public financial markets, 
      private equity, real estate, infrastructure, natural resources and 
      private debt. Established in 1999, PSP Investments manages net 
      contributions to the pension funds of the federal Public Service, the 
      Canadian Armed Forces, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the Reserve 
      Force. Headquartered in Ottawa, PSP Investments has its principal 
      business office in Montreal and offices in New York and London. For more 
      information, visit www.investpsp.com 
      or follow Twitter @InvestPSP.
    

About New Mountain Capital


      New Mountain Capital is a New York-based private equity firm that 
      emphasizes business building and growth, rather than debt, as it pursues 
      long-term capital appreciation. The firm currently manages private 
      equity, public equity, and credit funds with over $15 billion in 
      aggregate capital commitments. New Mountain seeks out what it believes 
      to be the highest quality growth leaders in carefully selected industry 
      sectors and then works intensively with management to build the value of 
      these companies. For more information on New Mountain Capital, please 
      visit www.newmountaincapital.com.
    




Contacts

      AmWINS Group, Inc.William Nichols, Vice President of Business 
      Development704-749-2898
    













Release Summary
AmWINS Group, Inc. announces that its shareholders have reached a definitive agreement to partner with Dragoneer Investment Group.





#Hashtags

#insurance



Social Media Profiles

AmWINS on Facebook
AmWINS on Twitter
AmWINS on LinkedIn





Contacts

      AmWINS Group, Inc.William Nichols, Vice President of Business 
      Development704-749-2898
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up


















									AmWINS Group Partners with Dragoneer Investment Group |
									Newswire
			



































 




AmWINS Group Partners with Dragoneer Investment Group

							Dragoneer purchases 35% of AmWINS from New Mountain Capital, securing       a long-term investor for AmWINS' management and broad employee       shareholder base						


Press Release
-

												Oct 11, 2016						
 


			October 11, 2016			(Press Release) -
	CHARLOTTE, N.C.--AmWINS Group, Inc. ("AmWINS"), announced today that its shareholders       have reached a definitive agreement to partner with Dragoneer Investment       Group ("Dragoneer"). In this transaction, which values AmWINS at       approximately $2.6 billion, New Mountain Capital ("New Mountain") will       successfully exit its investment in AmWINS, which it made in 2012. Upon       completion, Dragoneer will own 35% of AmWINS, the Public Sector Pension       Investment Board ("PSP Investments") will own 30% and more than 440       AmWINS employee shareholders will own the remaining 35%. Other terms of       the transaction were not disclosed.      AmWINS Group has reached a definitive agreement to partner with Dragoneer Investment Group, valuing firm at $2.6B        Headquartered in Charlotte, N.C., AmWINS is a leading specialty       insurance broker placing in excess of $13 billion in premiums through       its relationships with more than 20,000 retail brokerage firms and over       1,000 insurance markets. AmWINS' expertise covers a wide range of       specialty insurance products and services in the property/casualty and       group benefits insurance marketplace. With over 3,900 employees in more       than 100 offices located across 12 countries, AmWINS' deep industry       knowledge and capabilities, extensive geographic reach, and independent       relationships with insurance carriers and retail insurance brokers allow       it to serve as a critical, independent intermediary in the complex and       highly fragmented specialty insurance market.             "With this transaction, we have achieved yet another phase in building a       long-term capital base," said M. Steven DeCarlo, CEO of AmWINS.       "Dragoneer's investment philosophy, deep expertise in the technology       industry, and global investment experience, combined with our employee       ownership, positions us to be able to focus on our clients and enhances       our ability to execute on our 150-year strategic vision. We also want to       thank New Mountain for being a great partner over the past four years."             "We are delighted to meaningfully increase our stake in AmWINS following       our initial investment in 2015," said Marc Stad, Founder and Managing       Partner of Dragoneer. "I have personally followed AmWINS' success for       over 10 years and firmly believe there is tremendous opportunity ahead       as technology plays a bigger role in the business and the company       expands its independent distribution platform. AmWINS' exceptional       management team and competitive differentiation in the insurance       industry align well with our investment philosophy. We look forward to       forging a long-term partnership."             The transaction completes the successful partnership between AmWINS and       New Mountain. "We are very pleased with our investment in AmWINS," said       Robert Mulcare, Director at New Mountain Capital. "We are fortunate to       have had the opportunity to partner with such a unique company, its       outstanding management team, and its talented and dedicated employees.       During the past four years the value of the company has more than       doubled, and we believe the company will continue its tremendous growth       and success into the future. We would like to thank the AmWINS team for       their partnership."             "We welcome Dragoneer's increased investment in AmWINS. Dragoneer shares       our vision of providing long-term ownership to AmWINS and we look       forward to collaborating with them and AmWINS' management and employees       to support the company's continued success," said Guthrie Stewart,       Senior Vice President, Global Head of Private Investments at PSP       Investments.             Subject to customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions, the       transaction is expected to close within the next two months. Robinson,       Bradshaw & Hinson served as legal adviser to AmWINS.       About AmWINS Group, Inc.         Headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, AmWINS is a leader in the       specialty insurance brokerage industry with offices in more than       100 locations across 12 countries, including 80 in the United       States. The firm has expertise across a diversified mix of property,       casualty, group benefits and specialty insurance products. AmWINS also       offers value-added services to support its products, including product       development, underwriting, premium/claims administration and actuarial       services. For more information, please visit www.amwins.com.       About Dragoneer Investment Group         Dragoneer Investment Group, based in San Francisco, CA, is a       growth-oriented investor in both public and private companies. Dragoneer       seeks businesses with sustainable competitive advantages, attractive       financial models, and world class management teams. Dragoneer's global       track record includes investments across several industries with a       particular focus on technology enabled businesses. Dragoneer employs a       long-term fund structure supported by the highest quality limited       partners largely consisting of leading endowments, foundations and       institutional family offices. For more information, please contact       Kingsley Beer at information@dragoneer.com.       About PSP Investments         The Public Sector Pension Investment Board (PSP Investments) is one of       Canada's largest pension investment managers with $116.8 billion of net       assets under management as of March 31, 2016. It manages a diversified       global portfolio composed of investments in public financial markets,       private equity, real estate, infrastructure, natural resources and       private debt. Established in 1999, PSP Investments manages net       contributions to the pension funds of the federal Public Service, the       Canadian Armed Forces, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the Reserve       Force. Headquartered in Ottawa, PSP Investments has its principal       business office in Montreal and offices in New York and London. For more       information, visit www.investpsp.com       or follow Twitter @InvestPSP.       About New Mountain Capital         New Mountain Capital is a New York-based private equity firm that       emphasizes business building and growth, rather than debt, as it pursues       long-term capital appreciation. The firm currently manages private       equity, public equity, and credit funds with over $15 billion in       aggregate capital commitments. New Mountain seeks out what it believes       to be the highest quality growth leaders in carefully selected industry       sectors and then works intensively with management to build the value of       these companies. For more information on New Mountain Capital, please       visit www.newmountaincapital.com.     
Source URL: http://businesswire.com/news/home/20161011005930/en




		Share on Facebook
	


		Share on Twitter
	









Categories:
Consulting and Professional Services 





About AmWINS Group

View Website















									More Press Releases
								






Dondi's New Single "Imagine That" Climbs the AC Charts

AmWINS Group
-
Apr 27, 2017





The Wilde Debuts New Music Video "I Can Sleep Alone Tonight"

AmWINS Group
-
Apr 20, 2017





AmWINS Group, Inc. and Partners Specialty Group, LLC Sign Definitive Agreement

AmWINS Group
-
Apr 19, 2017













 









 



























 




			Newswire		



 




Get notified about new releases.
Sign up for email updates from Newswire.




Enter your email address



Notification Frequency 



Press Releases


Instant



Daily



Never



News


Instant



Daily



Never



Event


Instant



Daily



Never



Blog



Daily



Never



Facebook



Daily



Never



Twitter



Daily



Never





Subscribe


 




 







American Tech Report - ITLL







































Close














Quotes by TradingView













Today












Filings and Disclosure


5 Reasons ITLL May Be the Most Profitable Stock Play of 2017

















In 2017, cell phones are as vital to us as the air we breathe. Between both old and young, from personal users to businesses and now even hospitals, mobile phones have become an essential part of the modern eco system. Without one, people have difficulty finding employment and leave themselves negatively exposed to emergencies. The vast majority of American adults - 95% - now own a cell phone. This has resulted in the massive growth of businesses supplying and supplementing this market. Of which ITLL is now becoming a key player. 


The OTCQB is an elite tier of the over the counter markets. These are companies that have audited financials available, are current in their reporting, have verified management and shareholders and additional disclosure requirements to meet. All in all, this signifies that ITLL is on the ball and doing business the right way. Morningstar rates OTC:ITLL at an excellent 3 stars, meaning it is of fair value. The rating is determined by three factors: a stock's current price, Morningstar's estimate of the stock's fair value, and the uncertainty rating of the fair value. The bigger the discount, the higher the star rating. Once again, an excellent omen for savvy investors!Breaking News: ITLL Successfully Closes Acquisition with Completion of Definitive Agreements


With such immense growth in the industry and corporate giants dominating the arena, we frequently see small companies either grow exponentially or get bought out before they become a threat. This is where OTC: ITLL comes into play. Their goal is to deliver market disruptive products and pricing to the millions of consumers who are looking for better deals in the mobile phone and application space. Since ITLL is a public company, we believe this is an excellent opportunity for savvy investors to capitalize on the booming industry. We’ve done some digging and have laid out 6 reasons why we believe ITLL may be the most profitable stock play of 2017. Breaking News: ITLL Successfully Closes Acquisition with Completion of Definitive Agreements.
















Massive telecom acquisitions are happening all the time. They're so common in fact, we barely notice the billions of dollars that are flying between these massive corporations, month after month. For example, in 2017 alone, we've already seen several major acquisitions. Telecom service provider GTT Communications announced in June that it plans to buy network connectivity provider Global Capacity for $100 million in cash and 1.85 million shares of GTT common stock. We also saw that in April, Windstream announced its plan to acquire cloud-based unified communications provider Broadview Networks in an all-cash transaction worth $228 million. And if that isn't enough, in March, Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. closed its $1.42 billion acquisition of Electric Lightwave, the company formerly known as Integra Telecom. All of this happened in just the last few months!All this makes you wonder why this is happening and whether ITLL has what it takes to dance with the big guys. Well, it is our belief that the telecom giants scoop up the smaller, competitive companies because they are a danger to their business model. Big companies like Verizon are making money hand over fist - why stop when you can just scoop up the competition and keep business going as usual?ITLL has made it clear that their goal is to be affordable and disruptive. A similar situation took place in Canada some years ago, when a company named Wind Mobile came into play. Over a few short years Wind grew a massive user base simply because their plans were significantly cheaper than the competition. Recently, Shaw bought them out for $1.6 billion. As a result of all this, our opinion of the ITLL business model is excellent.








1. We've seen this business model work before. 


If you’ve missed putting this on your stock tracker, take a moment and do it right now!

For more information about Intelligent Cloud Resources (OTC:ITLL), visit the company website at http://intelligentcloudresources.com/ or https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/ITLL/quote. 

As always, we encourage you to do your due diligence thoroughly before making a buying decision. 

Good trading! 

Sincerely, 

The American Tech Report Team


This is a statement that often attracts negativity from skeptics and self-pronounced market professionals. And frankly, it's understandable; it seems too good to be true. We always encourage our readers to do their own due-diligence and this is one of those scenarios. Dig through message boards, scanners and blogs and you'll quickly realize that stocks are making major moves like this on a regular basis. This isn't some mythical unicorn - once again, stocks do this on a regular basis. Below, you can see some examples of movements like this, but believe us when we say there are many, many more. 






3. One trade can make profits of 2,000% or more. 













At the time of writing this article, ITLL is sitting at 80 cents. We believe that this is an extremely attractive price for a company of this caliber. As was observed above, acquisitions in this industry often come in at hundreds of millions or billions of dollars. In addition to this, 80 cents is an excellent place for traders and investors to turn quicker profits. It is much easier for a stock to double or triple at these prices, in a very short period of time. "It’s far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price” - Warren Buffet







2. The stock is priced right. Better than right. 






















5.	QB Status and 3 stars from Morningstar. 


Keep Track of OTC: ITLL


Name:                     Intelligent Cloud Resources, Inc. Ticker:                     ITLLExchange:              OTC QBWebsite:                 http://intelligentcloudresources.com/
Phone:                    (647) 478-6385
Email:                      info@intelligentcloudresources.com 
CIK:                          0001634912Transfer Agent:     VStock Transfer LLC
For additional information please visit: https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/ITLL/filings
https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/ITLL/profile


Sign up for updates on news,charts and other information







We respect your privacy and never share your information with anyone. 


OWCP - 63,900%


When going up against telecom giants, a company has to hold a competitive edge to stand out. Through our due diligence, we have found this to be undoubtedly true for ITLL. The cornerstone to every customer seeking a cell provider is the smartphones that they have available. Smartphones are expensive for your average consumer, as many flagship phones sit around the $1000 mark. ITLL has seemed to solve this problem by partnering up with the smartphone manufacturer, Leagoo. These phones have everything that the typical consumer wants at a fraction of the cost. They are well built, stylish, powerful and power through daily functions like taking photographs and browsing the web on par with phones that are five times the price. All of this seems consistent with ITLL's commitment to lower prices and maintain their competitive edge. In addition to this, they are offering all subscribers a premium mastercard, no questions asked! We believe that many consumers will find this to be an irresistible offer, making the growth potential for ITLL very attractive. 


BLDV - 5,600%


4. The most competitive tech and phones on the market. 


OWCP - 9,900%










Stock Data







Current Market Cap:             $74,684,794Outstanding Shares:             93,355,992






Website:   intelligentcloudresources.comFloat:         69,477,660



Click To Subscribe










Disclaimer


This is a paid advertisement and all individuals should verify all claims and perform their own due diligence on ITLL (and / or any other mentioned companies and / or securities), and read this disclaimer in its entirety.

American Tech Report profiles are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. American Tech Report is a paid advertiser and is not offering securities for sale. Neither American Tech Report nor its owners, operators, affiliates or anyone disseminating information on its behalf is registered as an Investment Advisor under any federal or state law and none of the information provided by American Tech Report, its owners, operators, affiliates or anyone disseminating information on its behalf should be construed as investment advice or investment recommendations.
American Tech Report does not recommend that the securities profiled should be purchased, sold or held and is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers.

Information presented by American Tech Report may contain “forward-looking statements ” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions, or future events or performance, are not statements of historical fact and may be “forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated. Forward-looking statements may be identified through the use of words such as “expects, ” “will, ” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “believes,” “may,” or by statements indicating that certain actions “may,” “could,” or “might” occur.

THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY AMERICAN TECH REPORT ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. AMERICAN TECH REPORT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, AMERICAN TECH REPORT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. AMERICAN TECH REPORT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, IT’S SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM AMERICAN TECH REPORT ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. AMERICAN TECH REPORT, ITS MEMBERS, MANAGERS, OWNERS, AGENTS, AND EMPLOYEES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. By using American Tech Report, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by, and to comply with, these Terms of Use and any other posted guidelines or rules applicable.

The website contains links to other related World Wide Web Internet sites and resources. American Tech Report is not responsible for the availability of these outside resources, or their contents, nor does American Tech Report endorse nor is American Tech Report responsible for any of the contents, advertising, products or other materials on such sites. Under no circumstances shall American Tech Report be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damages caused or alleged to have been caused by use of or reliance on any content, goods or services available on such sites. Any concerns regarding any external link should be directed to its respective site administrator or webmaster.

You agree to indemnify and hold American Tech Report, its officers, directors, owners, agents and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the website, the violation of these Terms of Use by you, or the infringement by you, or other user of the website using your computer, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification.

The Terms of Use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Belize and the intellectual property laws of Belize. The Terms of Service for American Tech Report is entered into and shall be deemed wholly performed from July 24th 2017 to August 18th 2017 and shall in all respects be governed by and construed in accordance exclusively with the laws of Belize applicable to contracts made and to be entirely performed therein without regard to principles of conflicts of law. The parties specifically agree that the courts of the Caribbean Court of Justice, shall have personal and subject matter jurisdiction and exclusive venue with respect to any and all disputes in connection herewith.
American Tech Report is owned and operated by Public Ventures Of America Corp, which is a Belize based corporation. We are paid advertisers, also known as stock touts or stock promoters, who disseminate favorable information (the “Information”) about publicly traded companies (the “Profiled Issuers”).
We publish the Information on our website, americantechreport.com and in newsletters, text message alerts, audio services, live interviews, featured “research” reports, on message boards and in email communications for specific time periods that are agreed upon between us and the Profiled Issuer and / or third party paying us. Our publication of the Information is known as a “Campaign”. This information may be sent to potential investors at different times that are minutes, hours, days or even weeks apart. Typically, the trading volume and price of a Profiled Issuer’s securities increases after the information is provided to the first group of investors. Therefore, the later an investor receives the Information, the more likely it is that he will suffer trading losses if they purchase the securities of a Profiled Issuer late in a Campaign. We are paid to advertise the Profiled Issuers, Intelligent Cloud Resources, Inc. American Tech Report has been hired by a third party, Golden Island Investments Ltd., for a period beginning on July 24th 2017 and is scheduled to end on August 18th 2017 to publicly disseminate information about (ITLL) via website and email. We expect to be paid three hundred thousand dollars via a series of bank wire transfers over this period. We will update any changes to our compensation. We own zero shares of (ITLL).

Third Parties paying us to market the Profiled Issuer we believe intend to sell their shares they hold while we tell investors to purchase during the Campaign. Intelligent Cloud Resources Inc. is a penny stock that was illiquid (little to no trading volume) prior to our Campaign, and therefore these securities are subject to wide fluctuations in trading price and volume. During the Campaign the trading volume and price of the securities of each Profile Issuer will likely increase significantly because of the media exposure. When the Campaign ends, the volume and price of the Profiled Issuer will likely decrease dramatically. As a result, investors who purchase during the Campaign and hold shares of the Profiled Issuer when the Campaign ends will probably lose most, if not all, of their investment.

The Information we publish in the Campaign is only a snapshot that provides only positive information about the Profiled Issuers. The Information consists of only positive content. We do not and will not publish any negative information about the Profiled Issuers; accordingly, investors should consider the Information to be one-sided and not balanced, complete, accurate, truthful and / or reliable. We do not verify or confirm any portion of the Information. We do not conduct any due diligence, nor do we research any aspect of the Information including the completeness, accuracy, truthfulness and / or reliability of the Information. We do not review the Profiled Issuers’ financial condition, operations, business model, management or risks involved in the Profiled Issuer’s business or an investment in a Profiled Issuer’s securities.

All information in our Campaign is publicly available information from 3rd party sources and / or the Profiled Issuers and/or the 3rd parties that hire us. We may also obtain the Information from publicly available sources such as the OTC Markets, Google, NASDAQ, NYSE, Yahoo, Bing, the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Edgar database or other available public sources.

We select the stocks we profile and / or pick as we are compensated to advertise them. If an investor relies solely on the Information in making an investment decision it is highly probable that the investor will lose most, if not all, of his or her investment. Investors should not rely on the Information to make an investment decision.

The source of our compensation varies depending upon the particular circumstances of the Campaign. In certain cases, we are compensated by the Profiled Issuers, third party shareholders, and / or other parties related to the Profiled Issuers such as officers and/or directors who will derive a financial or other benefit from an increase in the trading price and/or volume of a Profiled Issuer’s securities.
We make no warranty and / or representation about the Information, including its completeness, accuracy, truthfulness or reliability and we disclaim, expressly and implicitly, all warranties of any kind, including whether the Information is complete, accurate, truthful, or reliable and as such, your use of the Information is at your own risk. The Information is provided as is without limitation.

We are not, and do not act in the capacity of any of the following; as such, you should not construe our activities as involving any of the following: an independent adviser or consultant; a fortune teller; an investment adviser or an entity engaging in activities that would be deemed to be providing investment advice that requires registration either at the federal and / or state level; a broker-dealer or an individual acting in the capacity of a registered representative or broker; a stock picker; a securities trading expert; a securities researcher or analyst; a financial planner or one who engages in financial planning; a provider of stock recommendations; a provider of advice about buy, sell or hold recommendations as to specific securities; or an agent offering or securities for sale or soliciting their purchase.


There are numerous risks associated with each Profiled Issuer and investors should undertake a full review of each Profiled Issuer with the assistance of their financial, legal, and tax advisers prior to purchasing the securities of any Profiled Issuer.
We are not objective or independent and have multiple conflicts of interest. The Profiled Issuers and parties hiring us have conflicts of interest. Third parties that have hired us and own shares will sell these shares while we tell investors to purchase, and this selling of the Profiled Issuer’s securities will likely cause investors to suffer losses.

Our publication of the Information involves actual and material conflicts of interest including but not limited to the fact that we receive monetary compensation in exchange for publishing the (favorable) Information about the Profiled Issuers; and we do not publish any negative information, whatsoever, about the Profiled Issuers; in addition to the fact that while we do not own the Profiled Issuer’s securities, the third parties that hired us do, and intend to sell all of these securities during the Campaign while we publish favorable information that instructs investors to purchase, and this selling of the Profiled Issuer’s securities will likely cause investors to suffer losses.

We are not responsible or liable for any person’s use of the Information or any success or failure that is directly or indirectly related to such person’s use of the Information because we have specifically stated that the information is not reliable and should not be relied upon for any purpose. We are not responsible for omissions and / or errors in the Information and we are not responsible for actions taken by any person who relies upon the Information.
We urge Investors to conduct their own in-depth investigation of the Profiled Issuers with the assistance of their legal, tax and / or investment adviser(s). An investor’s review of the Information should include but not be limited to the Profiled Issuer’s financial condition, operations, management, products and / or services, trends in the industry and risks that may be material to the profiled Issuer’s business and other information he and his advisers deem material to an investment decision. An investor’s review should include, but not be limited to a review of available public sources and information received directly from the Profiled Issuers or from websites such as Google, Yahoo, Bing, OTC Markets, NASDAQ, NYSE, www.sec.gov or other available public sources.

We are providing you with this disclaimer because we are publishing advertisements about penny stocks. Because we are paid to disseminate the Information to the public about securities, we are required by the securities laws including Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Section 17(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), to specifically disclose my compensation as well as other important information, This information includes that we may hold, as well as purchase and sell, the securities of a Profiled Issuer before, during and after we publish favorable Information about the Profiled Issuer. We may urge investors to purchase the securities of a Profiled Issuer while we sell my own shares. The anti-fraud provisions of federal and state securities laws require us to inform you that we may engage in buying and selling of Profiled Issuer’s securities before, during and after the Campaigns.

Any investment in the Profiled Issuers involves a high degree of risk and uncertainty. The securities may be subject to extreme volume and price volatility, especially during the Campaigns. Favorable past performance of a Profiled Issuer does not guarantee future results. If you purchase the securities of the Profiled Issuers, you should be prepared to lose your entire investment. Some of the risks involved in purchasing securities of the Profiled Issuers include, but are not limited to the risks stated below.

We do not endorse, independently verify or assert the truthfulness, completeness, accuracy or reliability of the Information. We conduct no due diligence or investigation whatsoever of the Information or the Profiled Issuers and we do not receive any verification from the Profiled Issuer regarding the Information we disseminate.

If we publish any percentage gain of a Profiled Issuer from the previous day close in the Information, it is not and should not be construed as an indication that the future stock price or future operational results will reflect gains or otherwise prove to be advantageous to your investment.
The Information may contain statements asserting that a Profiled Issuer’s stock price has increased over a certain period of time which may reflect an arbitrary period of time, and is not predictive or of any analytical quality; as such, you should not rely upon the (favorable) Information in your analysis of the present or future potential of a Profiled Issuer or its securities.
The Information should not be interpreted in any way, shape, form or manner whatsoever as an indication of the Profiled Issuer’s future stock price or future financial performance.

You may encounter difficulties determining what, if any, portions of the Information are material or non-material, making it all the more imperative that you conduct your own independent investigation of the Profiled Issuer and its securities with the assistance of your legal, tax and financial advisor.
When 3rd parties that hire us acquire, purchase and / or sell the securities of the Profiled Issuers, it may (a) cause significant volatility in the Profiled Issuer’s securities; (b) cause temporary but unrealistic increases in volume and price of the Profiled Issuer’s securities; (c) if selling, cause the Profiled Issuer’s stock price to decline dramatically; and (d) permit themselves to make substantial profits while investors who purchase during the Campaign experience significant losses.

The securities of the Profiled Issuers are high risk, unstable, unpredictable and illiquid which may make it difficult for investors to sell their securities of the Profiled Issuers.

We may hire third party service providers and stock promoters to electronically disseminate live news regarding the Profiled Issuers, yet we have no control over the content of and do not verify the information that the Profiled Issuers and/or third party service providers publish. These third party service providers are likely compensated for providing positive information about the Issuer and may fail to disclose their compensation to you.
If a Profiled Issuer is a SEC reporting company, it could be delinquent (not current) in its periodic reporting obligations (i.e., in its quarterly and annual reports), or if it is an OTC Markets Pink Sheet quoted company, it may be delinquent in its Pink Sheet reporting obligations, which may result in OTC Markets posting a negative legend pertaining to the Profiled Issuer at www.otcmarkets.com, as follows: (i) “Limited Information” for companies with financial reporting problems, economic distress, or that are unwilling to file required reports with the Pink Sheets; (ii) “No Information,” which characterizes companies that are unable or unwilling to provide any disclosure to the public markets, to the SEC or the Pink Sheets; and (iii) “Caveat Emptor,” signifying buyers should be aware that there is a public interest concern associated with a company’s illegal spam campaign, questionable stock promotion, known investigation of a company’s fraudulent activity or its insiders, regulatory suspensions or disruptive corporate actions.

If the Information states that a Profiled Issuer’s securities are consistent with the future economic trends or even if your independent research indicates that, you should be aware that economic trends have their own limitations, including: (a) that economic trends or predictions may be speculative; (b) consumers, producers, investors, borrowers, lenders and/or government may react in unforeseen ways and be affected by behavioral biases that we are unable to predict; (c) human and social factors may outweigh future economic trends that we state may or will occur; (d) clear cut economic predictions have their limitations in that they do not account for the fundamental uncertainty in economic life, as well as ordinary life; (e) economic trends may be disrupted by sudden jumps, disruptions or other factors that are not accounted for in economic trends analysis; in other words, past or present data predicting future economic trends may become irrelevant in light of new circumstances and situations in which uncertainty becomes reality rather than predicted economic outcome; or (f) if the trend predicted involves a single result, it ignores other scenarios that may be crucial to make a decision in the event of unknown contingencies.
The Information is presented only as a brief snapshot of the Profiled Issuer and should only be used, at most, and if at all, as a starting point for you to conduct a thorough investigation of the Profiled Issuer and its securities. You should consult your financial, legal or other adviser(s) and avail yourself of the filings and information that may be accessed at www.sec.gov, www.otcmarkets.com or other electronic media, including: (a) reviewing SEC periodic reports (Forms 10-Q and 10-K), reports of material events (Form 8-K), insider reports (Forms 3, 4, 5 and Schedule 13D); (b) reviewing Information and Disclosure Statements and unaudited financial reports filed with the OTCMarkets.com; (c) obtaining and reviewing publicly available information contained in commonly known search engines such as Google; and (d) consulting investment guides at www.sec.gov and www.finra.org. You should always be cognizant that the Profiled Issuers may not be current in their reporting obligations with the SEC and the OTC Markets and/or have negative legends and designations at otcmarkets.com.

American Tech Report, reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add and/ or remove all or part of this Disclaimer and / or Terms of Use at any time.



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Dragoneer Investment Group Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > Dragoneer Investment GroupThis is a community generated profile and may be incomplete.SUGGEST EDITSDragoneer Investment GroupcbcbLocation–Revenue$–Total Funding$–Founded-Employees-StageprivateCompany Website-LinkedIn–Dragoneer is a long-only, growth-oriented public and private investor based in
San Francisco.Keywordsfinancial services,finance,adviceDragoneer Investment Group's Executive TeamNameTitle Pat RobertsonPartnerLooking to contact Dragoneer Investment Group?Request free trial for DataFoxDragoneer Investment Group CompetitorsPointClickCarePointClickCare's web-based products and services are uniquely designed to...Adobe SystemsAdobe is a software company that provides its users with digital marketing...SalesforceSalesforce is an enterprise cloud computing company that provides...See 2 more with a free trialRecent News from Dragoneer Investment GroupStart trial to view recent news about Dragoneer Investment Group.Request trialBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service






 






Dragoneer Investment Group - Investment Advisor - San Francisco, California







 








 






  tvsxuzqqyqbbxrcyeedwbbtzzfwdye






					Financial Advisors				

					Online Brokers				



				More 





 Search






							Investment Advisors							×














 
















Menu


See All Investment Advisors
OverviewFirm RegistrationAssets and AccountsClient TypesActivities and FeesEmployeesDisclosuresContact 








					Dragoneer Investment Group, LLC				


OverviewFirm RegistrationAssets and AccountsMoreClient TypesActivities and FeesEmployeesDisclosuresContact 








Dragoneer Investment Group, LLC



Overview




Firm Registration




Assets and Accounts




Client Types




Activities and Fees




Employees




Disclosures




Contact




References










 See all Investment Advisors				

 Guide				




Share



















Dragoneer Investment Group San Francisco, California

 






total assets under management$2.63B United States dollarstotal number of employees15total number of accounts17average account balance$154,710,611 United States dollars 

 

Claim This Listing 5-Star Rated Advisors 












Advertisement


ShareOverviewDragoneer Investment Group, LLC is a registered investment advisory firm located in San Francisco, California. The firm manages 17 accounts totaling an estimated $2,630,080,393 USD in assets under management. Its operations include 15 employees and is categorized as providing investment advisory services to 25 clients. Many more details can be found below. You can also click here to see a list of all 787 investment advisors located in San Francisco, California.
Firm data current as of May 15, 2017

 





Advertisement


ShareFirm RegistrationRegistration Details

Firm CRD #:161443Primary Business Name:Dragoneer Investment Group, LLC


Organization Type:Limited Liability Company


Regulator:SEC
Looking for a specific type of Investment Advisor? Check out the Investment Advisors homepage where you can apply custom filters to search through our database of 38,476 Registered Investment Advisors. For example, click the button below to view all advisors in California, or set the filter for a specific city.See all Investment Advisors  in California  >>State Registrations MapDates and StatusMoreState Registrations Map



Dates and Status

State RegulatorRegistration DateStatusIDUnique IdCaliforniaMarch 15, 2013Notice Filed

 





Advertisement


ShareAssets and AccountsCurrent Assets & AccountsAssets under management (AUM) is the primary metric used to compare one investment advisory firm to another. With $2,630,080,393 USD in AUM, Dragoneer Investment Group is categorized as a large investment firm, with assets above the prestigious one billion mark. Click here to view a list of other similar-sized firms with AUM above one Billion.discretionary assets under management$2,630,080,393 United States dollarsnon-discretionary assets under management$0 United States dollarstotal assets under management$2.63B United States dollarsdiscretionary accounts17non-discretionary accounts0total number of accounts17Visit the Investment Advisors homepage to sort and filter firms based on assets under management >>Historical Assets & Accounts

Historical data is made available by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and is posted monthly on the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) section of the SEC's website. The following graphs illustrate the 62 months of historical data available for this firm.

Total AUMBreakdownMoreTotal AUM

SEC Report DateTotal Assets Under Management (AUM)IDFirm CRD #May 1, 2017$2.63B United States dollarsApril 3, 2017$2.63B United States dollarsAugust 1, 2016$1.74B United States dollarsApril 1, 2016$1.74B United States dollarsMay 2, 2016$1.74B United States dollarsJune 1, 2016$1.74B United States dollarsJuly 1, 2016$1.74B United States dollarsSeptember 1, 2016$1.74B United States dollarsOctober 3, 2016$1.74B United States dollarsNovember 1, 2016$1.74B United States dollarsDecember 1, 2016$1.74B United States dollarsJanuary 3, 2017$1.74B United States dollarsFebruary 1, 2017$1.74B United States dollarsMarch 1, 2017$1.74B United States dollarsMarch 1, 2016$1.26B United States dollars

Breakdown

SEC Report DateDiscretionary AUMNon-discretionary AUMIDFirm CRD #May 1, 2017$2.63B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsApril 3, 2017$2.63B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsAugust 1, 2016$1.74B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsApril 1, 2016$1.74B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsMay 2, 2016$1.74B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsJune 1, 2016$1.74B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsJuly 1, 2016$1.74B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsSeptember 1, 2016$1.74B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsOctober 3, 2016$1.74B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsNovember 1, 2016$1.74B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsDecember 1, 2016$1.74B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsJanuary 3, 2017$1.74B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsFebruary 1, 2017$1.74B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsMarch 1, 2017$1.74B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsMarch 1, 2016$1.26B United States dollars$0 United States dollars

AccountsBreakdownMoreAccounts

SEC Report DateTotal Number of AccountsIDFirm CRD #May 1, 201717May 2, 201617June 1, 201617April 1, 201617July 1, 201617August 1, 201617September 1, 201617October 3, 201617December 1, 201617January 3, 201717February 1, 201717November 1, 201617April 3, 201717March 1, 201717June 1, 201512

Breakdown

SEC Report DateDiscretionary AccountsNon-discretionary AccountsIDFirm CRD #May 1, 2017170May 2, 2016170June 1, 2016170April 1, 2016170July 1, 2016170August 1, 2016170September 1, 2016170October 3, 2016170December 1, 2016170January 3, 2017170February 1, 2017170November 1, 2016170April 3, 2017170March 1, 2017170June 1, 2015120

 

 


Credio is a finance site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from finance data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareClient TypesTypes of Clients Served



Pooled Investment VehiclesFirm CRD #IDIA Firm Name100 percent161443





 Pooled Investment Vehicles



Assets Attributed to Each Client TypeSome firms cater to a variety of client types, while others specialize in just one. In the case of Dragoneer Investment Group, 100% of their assets under management are attributed to Pooled Investment Vehicles.The SEC Form ADV organizes client types into 13 categories. Dragoneer Investment Group reports working with just 1 of these 13 client types. The firm reports serving a total of 25 clients and does not have any financial planning clients.Select Investment Advisors by  types of clients  >> 





Advertisement


ShareActivities and FeesAreas of BusinessAdvisory Activities and Services:Security PortfoliosOther Advisory Services: NoCompensationAdvisory Fees:Percentage of assetsPerformance-based feesOtherOther Fee Types: Yes(Carried interest)Click here to select Investment Advisors based on types of fees charged >> 

 







ShareEmployeesBy Categorytotal number of employees15investment adviser representatives0licensed insurance agents0broker-dealer registered reps0The largest firm in our database has 39,343 employees. Other firms report having no employees at all. On the Investment Advisors homepage you can sort and filter firms by number of employees, or select other advanced criteria.Select Investment Advisors by  number of employees  >> 





Advertisement


ShareDisclosuresPublic Disclosure Statements as Reported on Form ADVThe SEC keeps track of disclosures for the 24 categories listed below. With zero reported disclosures, Dragoneer Investment Group has a perfect record. On the research topic home page you can view a pre-sorted list of all investment advisory firms with zero disclosures.Regulatory Criminal False Statements or Omissions to SEC or CFTCNoneFelony ChargesNoneSEC or CFTC ViolationsNoneFelony ConvictionsNoneBusiness Suspensions, Restrictions, or RevocationsNoneMisdemeanor ChargesNoneSEC or CFTC Entered an Order Against AdvisorNoneMisdemeanor ConvictionsNoneCivil Money Penalty or Cease and Desist OrdersNone  False Statements or Omissions to Other RegulatorNoneCivil Violations of Regulations or StatutesNoneEnjoinments with Domestic or Foreign CourtsNoneRestrictions or Denials of BusinessNoneViolations of Investment-Related StatutesNoneRegulator Entered Orders Against AdvisorNoneCivil Action Dismissed by a Settlement AgreementNoneDenials or Suspensions of RegistrationNoneSubject to Any Civil ProceedingNoneFalse Statements or Omissions to Self-Reg. OrgNone  Violation of Regulatory RulesNoneOther Associated with Any Business SuspensionsNoneAny Professional Authorization RevokedNoneMembership Suspensions or ExpulsionsNoneSubject to Any Regulatory ProceedingNone


View a complete list of all Investment Advisory Firms in our database >>tvsxuzqqyqbbxrcyeedwbbtzzfwdye ShareContact InfoPrincipal Office

Main Office Phone
(415) 539-3105


Main Office Address
1 Letterman Drive, Building DSuite M-500San Francisco,  California 94129United States


Location
Financial District
Still searching for the right advisor? Try the Investment Advisors homepage, where you can sort and filter 40,118 Registered Investment Advisors by fee type, advisory services, location and more. You can click the button below to view all Advisors in San Francisco, or set the filter for more advanced specific criteria.See all Investment Advisors  in San Francisco  >>  


×






References




Source: SEC. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 






Jared Middleman - Investor at Dragoneer Investment Group LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Jared Middleman
Investor at Dragoneer Investment Group LLC



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History 


Jared Middleman
Investor at Dragoneer Investment Group LLC



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 6 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Marc Stad

Founder at Dragoneer Investment Group LLC




Patrick D. Robertson

Chief Operating Officer at Dragoneer Investment Group LLC





Daniel Gillespie

Investor at Dragoneer Investment Group LLC




Michael Paul Dimitruk

General Counsel/Chief Compliance Officer at Dragoneer Investment Group LLC





Jackie Berhelm

Lead Product Manager at Location Labs, Inc.




Eric Nusinow

Professional at Fairview Capital Investment Management LLC






 Paths to Jared Middleman



            Jared Middleman          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Jared Middleman






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Jared Middleman.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Investor

                                    Current                


Dragoneer Investment Group LLC


                  Dragoneer Investment Group LLC is an American private company located in San Francisco, CA, also operating in Cayman Islands. The firm acts as an alternative investment manager. It was founded in 2012 by Marc Stad.                





 Other Affiliations




              Jared Middleman is affiliated with
                            Dragoneer Investment Group LLC.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤




















Investment firms TPG, Dragoneer reveal stake in Etsy: Reuters - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Investment firms TPG, Dragoneer reveal stake in Etsy: Reuters


May 16, 2017
By Reuters News



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Investment firms TPG, Dragoneer reveal stake in Etsy: Reuters
Investment firms TPG Group Holding Advisers Inc and Dragoneer Investment Group LLC jointly reported an 8 percent stake in Etsy Inc (ETSY.O), the Brooklyn-based online retailer of handmade goods, Reuters reported.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















(Reuters) — Investment firms TPG Group Holding Advisers Inc and Dragoneer Investment Group LLC jointly reported an 8 percent stake in Etsy Inc (ETSY.O), the Brooklyn-based online retailer of handmade goods, Etsy disclosed in filings on Monday.
The disclosure comes just weeks after activist hedge fund Black and White Capital LP, which owns roughly 2 percent of Etsy, urged the company to explore a potential sale. Etsy’s shares have fallen more than 30 percent since their initial public offering (IPO) two years ago.
Etsy shares jumped more than 8 percent in after-hours trading to $12.30.
TPG “has contacted representatives of Etsy to offer to engage in discussions regarding strategic alternatives,” it said in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, where it disclosed a 4.3 percent stake. Dragoneer has a 3.7 percent stake.
“We are now reviewing our strategic and operational plans to ensure Etsy is focused on the most value-enhancing near- and long-term opportunities,” Etsy’s CEO Josh Silverman said in a statement in response to the filings on Monday.
Silverman, a former eBay Inc (EBAY.O) executive, was appointed CEO two weeks ago. He took the role from Chairman and CEO Chad Dickerson, who stepped down after nine years in the seat. The role of chairman went to Etsy board director Fred Wilson.
Etsy was a darling of the artisanal set at the time of its IPO, but it has struggled as sales have slowed and new channels, such as Facebook Inc’s (FB.O) Instagram Inc have created alternative platforms for the independent sellers Etsy caters to. The company has also had to pour more money into marketing, after years of being able to rely on word-of-mouth.
Etsy, which reported a net loss of $421,000 this quarter, announced it is laying off 80 people, roughly 8 percent of its workforce, earlier this month.
It is not uncommon for private equity firms to do so-called “toehold investments” for reasons that include long-term investing and getting to know management. While such investments can sometimes morph into deals, as with Leonard Green & Partners LP‘s investment in BJ’s Wholesale Club Inc, they often do not.
Dragoneer, an early stage investor in Etsy, has worked with TPG before, including its investment in music streaming service Spotify Ltd.
 
 





Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Investment firms TPG, Dragoneer reveal stake in Etsy: Reuters
Investment firms TPG Group Holding Advisers Inc and Dragoneer Investment Group LLC jointly reported an 8 percent stake in Etsy Inc (ETSY.O), the Brooklyn-based online retailer of handmade goods, Reuters reported.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














 Do you want exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more? Get your FREE trial to Buyouts! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

 































Dragoneer Investment Group | AngelList





































































Join
 
Log In







AngelList


Startup Jobs

Recruit

Invest

More





Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help











Your Alumni Network








Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help



















 


Dragoneer Investment Group is on AngelList, where the world meets startups.

To connect with Dragoneer Investment Group,
sign up
for AngelList today.





Sign up
Log in








This is a community-generated profile · If you would like to claim it, please
log in


















Dragoneer Investment Group






Share





















San Francisco














employees


























Sign up to see how you are connected to Dragoneer Investment Group






















Dragoneer Investment Group







Share









Company







Overview



Overview








There was a problem loading your content.



Portfolio




HackerOne
Investor



bluestone.com
Investor



Instacart
Investor



Flipkart
Investor



VivaReal
Investor



Domo.com
Investor



Wealthfront
Investor



ResearchGate
Investor



New Relic
Investor



Spotify
Investor



Founder

 



Employee

 



Investor

bluestone.com, 
New Relic, 
Flipkart, 
Domo.com, 
Airbnb, 
Wealthfront, 
ResearchGate, 
Spotify, 
HackerOne, 
Dollar Shave Club, 
Instacart, 
VivaReal, 
Etsy, 
Wevr, 
Glassdoor, 
Atlassian, 
ZopNow, 
Airbnb, 
Teabox, 
Hortonworks



Syndicator

 



Incubator

 



Advisor

 



Attorney

 



Board Member

 



Mentor

 



Member

 



Acquired

 



Customer

 



Service Provider

 







Team



Employees







Eric Jones

Employee








Jackie Bernhelm

Vice President
VP @Dragoneer Investment Group. Lead Product @Location Labs, acquired for 10x financing. Product Partnerships & Referrals @Kiva. MBA Harvard, BS Stanford.








Eric Nusinow

Vice President
Investment analyst with significant late stage venture capital and public markets experience across technology and healthcare.  



View all 4 Employees




Jobs

Dragoneer Investment Group
hasn't added any jobs yet.



Find a Startup Job














Help
·
Directory
·
Blog
Twitter
·
Terms & Risks
·
Unsubscribe

·
Mobile



·
Desktop


·

Profile not verified












Marc Stad - Founder at Dragoneer Investment Group LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Marc Stad
Founder at Dragoneer Investment Group LLC



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings Transactions 


Marc Stad
Founder at Dragoneer Investment Group LLC



 Overview



Notable Companies


City & County of San Francisco Finance Corp.

Dragoneer Investment Group LLC




Board Seats



2





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 336 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
February 8, 2017





                        HackerOne Raises $40 Million to Make the Internet Safer for Everyone                    





GlobeNewswire
February 1, 2017





                        PointClickCare Targets Strategic Expansion, Closing $85 Million Financing Round Led by Dragoneer Investment Group                    





peHUB
October 11, 2016





                        New Mountain to exit AmWINS                     





The New York Times Blogs(DealBook)
February 25, 2014





                        Brazil Real Estate Start-Up Draws U.S. Investment                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Mariano Nunez

Co-Founder at Onapsis, Inc.




Juan Pablo Perez-Etchegoyen

Director & Chief Technology Officer at Onapsis, Inc.





Victor Hugo Montero

Director & Chief Information Officer at Onapsis, Inc.




Patrick D. Robertson

Chief Operating Officer at Dragoneer Investment Group LLC





Michael Paul Dimitruk

General Counsel/Chief Compliance Officer at Dragoneer Investment Group LLC




M. Steven DeCarlo

Chief Executive Officer at AmWINS Group, Inc.





Wiley Howard Cooper

Vice Chairman & President at AmWINS Group, Inc.




Scott M. Purviance

Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Director & Vice President at AmWINS Group, Inc.





Dave Ament

Former Managing Partner & Co-Chief Executive Officer at PCP Managers LLC




Benjamin Sloop

President-Access Division at AmWINS Group, Inc.







See 326 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 326 More 


 


 Paths to Marc Stad



            Marc Stad          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Marc Stad






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Marc Stad.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



AB in Government 


Harvard University

                  Harvard was established in 1636, and it is the oldest institution of higher education in the United States. The University, which is based in Cambridge and Boston, Massachusetts, has an enrollment of over 20,000 degree candidates, including undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. The University has twelve degree-granting Schools in addition to the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study.                




MBA 


Stanford University - Stanford Graduate School of Business

                  The Stanford Graduate School of Business has built an international reputation based on its innovative programs, which include:

        Two-year MBA Program, designed to educate business leaders
        One-year Stanford Sloan Master’s Program for mid-career executives
        PhD Program for future academics
        Executive Education programs for experienced managers
        Faculty research program

Academic programs, including the two-year MBA, the 12-month Sloan Master's Program, and the PhD program, create a transformational student experience that reflects the tagline: Change lives. Change organizations. Change the world.
Today the state-of-the-art Knight Management Center complex enables Stanford's innovative, globalized MBA curriculum, offering flexible classroom spaces for hands-on experiential learning small-group leadership labs, and team-based learning. It engages faculty and students across Stanford University, as well as alumni, global executives, and the broader world community.                





 Career History



Founder

                                    2012 - Current                


Dragoneer Investment Group LLC


                  Dragoneer Investment Group LLC is a private company headquartered in San Francisco, CA, also operating in Cayman Islands. The firm acts as an alternative investment manager. It was founded in 2012 by Marc Stad.                




Executive Officer

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Dragoneer Global Fund LP






Executive Officer

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Dragoneer Global Offshore Feeder LP






Executive Officer

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Dragoneer Opportunities Offshore Feeder LP






Associate

                                    2003 - 2006                


Parthenon Capital LLC


                  Parthenon Capital invests primarily in companies operating in the following sectors: financial services, healthcare services and business services. The firm focuses on investments in middle-market companies with enterprise values of $35 million to $500 million.                




President

                                    Prior                


City & County of San Francisco Finance Corp.






Partner

                                    Prior                


Investment Group of Santa Barbara LLC


                  The Investment Group of Santa Barbara manages both private and public equity portfolios solely for the principals of the firm.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


TPG Capital LLC


                  Founded in 1992, TPG specializes in recognizing value – or the potential for value – where others do not. Our contrarian philosophy, global reach, and deep investment and operational expertise set TPG apart from other firms. Our complementary asset classes offer a unique investment platform.

TPG has an extensive global network and long-standing, on-the-ground presence in critical markets.

TPG has built a strong international presence with 17 offices in 10 countries. We were one of the first U.S.-based private investment firms to establish significant operations in Asia and Europe, in 1994 and 1995 respectively.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


McKinsey & Co., Inc.


                  McKinsey & Co., Inc. provides management consulting services. Its areas of expertise include business technology, corporate finance, marketing and sales, operations, organizational risk and strategy planning, sustainability, and resource productivity. It offers advisory and analytical consulting solutions to commercial and industrial sectors such as electronics, aerospace, automotive, chemicals, media and entertainment, pharmaceuticals, medical, investment, telecommunications, transportation, and logistics. The company was founded by James O. McKinsey in 1926 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    2015 - Current                  


AmWINS Group, Inc.

                    AmWINS Group, Inc. provides insurance products and services. It offers services through the following divisions; brokerage, underwriting, access, group benefits, and international. It also offers product development, underwriting, premium and claims administration, and actuarial services. The company was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Charlotte, NC.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


Onapsis, Inc.

                    Onapsis Inc. is the leading provider of solutions to protect ERP systems from cyber-attacks. Through our innovative software solutions, our global customers can secure their SAP and Oracle business-critical platforms from espionage, sabotage and financial fraud risks.                  





 Political Donations



$500

                  2009                


Kirsten Elizabeth Rutnik Gillibrand


                  Senator from New York                




$500

                  2008                


Barack Obama


                  Former President of United States                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Dragoneer Investment Group LLC purchases AmWINS Group, Inc. from New Mountain Capital LLC                                       - (Pending)





 Details Hidden



                  Dragoneer Global Offshore Feeder II LP raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Dragoneer Opportunities Offshore Feeder LP raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Dragoneer Global Fund LP raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Dragoneer Global Offshore Feeder LP raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Marc Stad is affiliated with
                            Dragoneer Investment Group LLC, Dragoneer Global Fund LP, Dragoneer Global Offshore Feeder LP, Dragoneer Opportunities Offshore Feeder LP, Parthenon Capital LLC, City & County of San Francisco Finance Corp., Investment Group of Santa Barbara LLC, TPG Capital LLC, McKinsey & Co., Inc., AmWINS Group, Inc., Onapsis, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













