    Dean Drako | Barracuda Networks Inc | ZoomInfo.com










 




Dean M. Drako: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:53 AM ET
Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components

Company Overview of Eagle Eye Networks, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Dean M. Drako  Founder, Chief Executive Officer and President, Eagle Eye Networks, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 4 Board Members in 4 different organizations across 8 different industries.See Board Relationships51--
Background

		Mr. Dean M. Drako is the Founder, Chief Executive Officer and President of Eagle Eye Networks, Inc. Mr. Drako founded the firm in 2012. He is a Partner at Capital Factory. He founded IC Manage and serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Drako serves as an Advisor of PacketTrap Networks, Inc. He is responsible for overall corporate strategic direction and product development. He serves as a Vice President of Product Engineering at the 3DO Company. He ... served as the Founder, Chief Executive Officer and President of Barracuda Networks, Inc. from 2003 to July 2012. He resigned his operating role at Barracuda Networks' in 2012. He led the firm to create the industry's first email security appliance in 2003. Prior to founding Barracuda Networks in 2002, he served as the President, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President of Velosel Corporation. He founded Velosel Corporation and closed two rounds of venture financing, oversaw product development and was responsible for the strategic direction. Prior to Velosel in 1999, Mr. Drako founded Boldfish. In 1995, he founded Design Acceleration, Inc., and served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Drako served as an Entrepreneur-in-Residence for SoftBank. He was instrumental in the development of the PowerPC architecture with Apple Computer. Mr. Drako is a member of CTAN. He served as the Chairman of the Supervisory Board at Barracuda Networks AG since December 3, 2009. He has been a Director of Electronic Design Automation Consortium since June 01, 2012. He served as a Director of Barracuda Networks, Inc. from 2003 to July 22, 2014. In 2007, he was named as the "Technology Entrepreneur of the Year" for Northern California" by Ernst & Young. Mr. Drako received a M.S. in Electrical Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley in 1988 and B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan in 1987.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
411 Brazos StreetAustin, Texas 78701United StatesPhone: 512-473-0500Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
ChairmanBrivo Systems, LLC2012-PresentDirectorElectronic Design Automation Consortium
Education
BS 1987University of MichiganMS 1988University of California Berkeley
Other Affiliations
Brivo Systems, LLCVelosel CorporationBarracuda Networks AGUniversity of MichiganUniversity of California BerkeleyElectronic Design Automation ConsortiumBarracuda Networks, Inc.PacketTrap Networks, Inc.3SP Ltd.Capital Factoryinfinite io, Inc.Negitoro LLCKeyaki LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Eagle Eye Networks, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Dean Drako - Wikipedia






















 






Dean Drako

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Dean Drako



Drako at the Design Automation Conference 3 June 2013



Alma mater
University of Michigan (BS,EE 1987)
UC Berkeley (MS,EE 1988)


Occupation
Founder, CEO, Eagle Eye Networks


Board member of
Barracuda Networks, Brivo


Website
Linked in


Dean Drako is an American businessman and serial entrepreneur who has started more than five companies. Drako is best known as a co-founder, president and CEO of Barracuda Networks (NYSE Ticker CUDA)[1] from 2003 to July 2012. Drako is currently President and CEO of Eagle Eye Networks.[2] He is also an active angel investor.[3]
He graduated with a BS in Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan and an MS in Electrical Engineering from UC Berkeley.[4] As of 2013, Drako is a holder of 27 patents, including patents in network security, network protocols, digital circuits, software, biochemical processes, and sporting equipment.[5]



Contents


1 Career history

1.1 Barracuda Networks
1.2 IC Manage
1.3 Eagle Eye Networks
1.4 Brivo
1.5 Drako Motors
1.6 LivingTree
1.7 Swift Sensors


2 Awards and recognition
3 References
4 External links



Career history[edit]
In 1982, Drako founded his first company, which sold a bulletin board system software package called T-net, used to share messages via modems. Drako used the profits to fund his college education.[6][7]
In 1992, Drako founded Design Acceleration, Inc, served as its CEO,[8] and sold it to Cadence Design Systems in 1999.[9] Drako was also founder and CEO of Boldfish and Velosel;[10] Boldfish was acquired by Siebel Systems in 2003.[11] In 2003 Drako founded IC Manage,[12] where he continues to be president and CEO.[13]
Drako has written a number of articles on open source, big data, and system on chip design.[14][15][16][17]
Drako is a frequently invited speaker and contributor on the topic of entrepreneurship, including by UC Berkeley,[18][19][20] University of Michigan,[21] ISPD,[22] and Forbes.[23][24]
Barracuda Networks[edit]
Also in 2003, Drako founded Barracuda Networks and introduced their email spam and virus appliance product line.[25][26] Other Barracuda product lines launched during Drako's tenure were: web filters,[27] load balancers,[28] email archiving,[29] and digital PBXs.[30]
Drako executed six acquisitions by Barracuda Networks: In 2007, NetContinuum, an application controller company;[31] in 2008, BitLeap, a provider of cloud-based backup services,[32] and 3SP, an SSL and VPN company;[33] in 2009, Yosemite Technologies, for incremental backup of applications;[34] a controlling interest in phion AG, an Austria-based public enterprise-class firewalls company,[35] and Purewire Inc, a software as a service (SaaS) cloud-based web filtering and security company.[36]
Drako contributed to or supported 16 different open source projects while running Barracuda including Valgrind, Apache, and the Free Software Foundation.[37]
Drako resigned from Barracuda Networks in July 2012 to pursue other ventures, remaining on its board of directors. At the time of Drako’s resignation, Barracuda stated it was profitable, generating hundreds of millions in annual revenue, close to 30% year-over-year growth since inception, and had surpassed 150,000 customers.[38][39]
IC Manage[edit]
Drako also co-founded[40] IC Manage, the leader in next generation design management and big data solutions for SoC, IP, IC and software design, enabling companies to efficiently and reliably manage single and multi-site development efforts where he continues to serve as President and CEO,
Eagle Eye Networks[edit]
In July 2012, Drako founded Eagle Eye Networks, a cloud-based video security company, and serves as its President and CEO.[41][42]
In January 2014, Drako formally launched Eagle Eye Networks and introduced its cloud-managed video surveillance system. Eagle Eye’s goal was “to do for video surveillance what Dropbox did for file sharing by making video more available and far easier to use.”[43][44]
Brivo[edit]
Drako acquired Brivo,[45] a provider of cloud-based physical access control systems, in June 2015 for a reported $50 million. Brivo will sell its cloud-based access control systems along with Eagle Eye’s cloud-based security camera system, although the companies will continue to operate as separate entities.[46]
Drako Motors[edit]
Drako is co-founder[47] and CEO of Drako Motors, an electric sports car software platform provider, which on August 6, 2015 announced its first product, the Drako DriveOS, a single VCU (vehicle control unit) operating system which controls all four wheels independently. [48]
LivingTree[edit]
In December 2016, Drako acquired LivingTree, a K-12 family engagement platform provider.[49] The acquisition was described as a "multimillion-dollar investment."[50] LivingTree provides a secure, community-wide platform for educators and parents to engage, independent of language preference, and is stated to address directives set by the Every Student Succeeds Act.[51]
Swift Sensors[edit]
Drako founded Swift Sensors, a cloud-based wireless sensor company, in May 2015. In Dec 2016, Drako formally launched Swift Sensors and introduced its cloud wireless sensor system.[52] Swift Sensors’ goal is to eliminate the pain and cost of Internet of Things sensing applications by offering a unified solution that requires no programming skills or technical expertise.[53] Drako will serve as the company's Executive Chairman.[54]
Awards and recognition[edit]
In 1984, Drako won finalist in the Westinghouse Science Talent Search for his solar energy research.[55]
In 2007, Drako was named Entrepreneur of the Year for Northern California for Networking and Communications by Ernst & Young.[56]
In 2011, during Drako's tenure as CEO, Barracuda Networks was ranked #2 of the 2011 Best Tech Co's to Work For in 2011 by Business Insider.[57]
In 2012, Drako was elected to be a director of the Electronic Design Automation Consortium (EDAC) board in 2012.[58]
Since 2012 Drako has served on the University of Michigan Advisory council. [59]
In 2014, Drako was selected as Keynote speaker for UC Berkeley Engineering Week.[60]
In 2014, Goldman Sachs named Dean Drako as one of the 100 Most Intriguing Entrepreneurs of 2014.[61]
In 2016, Dean was commencement speaker at University of Michigan Engineering School.[62]
References[edit]


^ SJ Mercury News Biz Break: Barracuda Networks IPO primes pump for Twitter
^ Security Info Watch Michael Dell bankrolls Eagle Eye Networks
^ Dow Jones Serial Entrepreneur and Ex-Barracuda CEO Launches Eagle Eye Networks to Take Video to the Cloud
^ Richard Newton Distinguished Innovator Lecture Series, Dean Drako Sept 2008
^ US Patent Collection database search July 2013
^ CTAN January 2013
^ Apple II Computer Info Page 67
^ EETimes: DAI Reorganizes for Next Stage Growth Jul 1997
^ EETimes: Cadence acquires verification tool vendor DAI Jan 1999
^ Deepchip: How Dean Drako's 1/2 billion dollar "side hobby" might change EDA August 2012
^ Bloomberg Businessweek: Boldfish Retrieved March 2013
^ Deepchip: How Dean Drako's 1/2 billion dollar "side hobby" might change EDA August 2012
^ IC Manage management page: Retrieved April 2013
^ DeepChip: Big Data analytics coming for chip design May 2014
^ DeepChip: Design and IP management metrics May 2014
^ NetworkWorld Open Source Developers Must Chart Clear Defense in the Patent Wars Nov 2007
^ EETimes: IP reuse requires both design reuse and verification reuse April 2013
^ Berkeley Innovators Fresh off of Barracuda's IPO, Dean Drako MS '88 launches Eagle Eye & talks entrepreneurship with Berkeley Innovators
^ UC Berkeley CET 2015 Dean Drako, CEO Eagle Eye Networks
^ UC Berkeley Newton Lectures Dean Drako, CEO Barracuda Networks
^ University of Michigan Center for Entrepreneurship Dean Drako Entrepreneurship Talk
^ ISPD Concept & Research to Revenue: An Entrepreneurial Story
^ Forbes 7 CEOs Reveal Lessons Learned as a Chief Executive
^ Forbes 7 CEOs Give Advice to First-Timers
^ CTAN January 2013
^ Deepchip: How Dean Drako's 1/2 billion dollar "side hobby" might change EDA August 2012
^ InformationWeek Barracuda Rolls Out Spyware-Blocking Appliance
^ IT & Security Portal Barracuda Networks Launches Barracuda Load Balancer
^ Reseller News November 2007
^ Enterprise Networking Planet: Barracuda Launches CudaTel PBX August 2009
^ SCMagazine Barracuda Networks buys NetContinuum
^ eweek Barracuda Networks Buys into Data Backup Business
^ Eweek Barracuda Networks Breaks into SSL VPN Space
^ PCWorld Backup Merger Unites Barracuda, Yosemite
^ Silicon Valley Business Journal Barracuda Networks takes controlling interest in Phion
^ Atlanta Business Chronicle Barracuda buys Purewire Inc.
^ Barracuda Open Source Community Retrieved 2012
^ Bloomberg October 2012
^ CRN Barracuda CEO Resigns
^ "Company - ICMANAGE". www.icmanage.com. Retrieved 2016-08-28. 
^ Barracuda management page: Retrieved Sept 2013
^ Venture Beat Michael Dell is funding this company to move surveillance cameras onto the cloud
^ The Wall Street Journal: Barracuda Networks Co-Founder Launches Video Surveillance Startup Jan 2014
^ MarketWatch: Startup puts video surveillance in the cloud Jan 2014
^ "Brivo acquired by Dean Drako of Eagle Eye Networks". SourceSecurity.com. 
^ ”Austin’s Dean Drako Buys Maryland-Based Security Manager Brivo for $50M,” Xconomy, June 11, 2015 [1]
^ "Leadership - Drako Motors Inc". Retrieved 2016-09-07. 
^ ”Drako Motors Debuts Company and Introduces Drako DriveOS Platform for Electric Sports Cars”[2]
^ EdWeek K-12 Dealmaking: Eagle Eye Networks CEO Acquires LivingTree
^ Austin Business Journal Austin entrepreneur buys developer of a social network for moms and dads
^ District Administration K12 family engagement company bought
^ Manufacturing Connection Swift Sensors Launches Cloud Wireless Sensor System
^ DesignNews No Programming Required: Start-Up Rolls Out Simple IoT Solution
^ Channel e2e Swift Sensors Launches Cloud-based IoT Monitoring System
^ CTAN January 2013
^ Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the year Hall of Fame: July 2007 Archived October 7, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Business Insider The 25 Best Tech Companies To Work For In 2011 Sept 2011
^ EETimes Kathryn Kranen elected chair of EDA Consortium June 2012
^ Michigan EAC Members and Term of Service Retrieved April 2013
^ Berkeley Engineering Channel Retrieved May 2014
^ Security Systems News: Goldman Sachs names Eagle Eye Networks founder one of '100 Most Intriguing Entrepreneurs of 2014' Oct 2014
^ Commencement Speaker. University of Michigan Engineering. Retrieved 2016-04-30.


External links[edit]

Brivo website
Drako Motors website
Eagle Eye Networks website
IC Manage website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dean_Drako&oldid=787949830"					
Categories: Living peopleAmerican technology company foundersBusinesspeople in softwareUniversity of Michigan alumniHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch한국어Italiano日本語Português粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 June 2017, at 15:14.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 












Dean Drako: What Makes A Great Founder | Startup Slingshot



























































 


























Helping Entrepreneurs Change The World Since 2011









Start Here
About
Resources
contact
 The Lab 




 

 

 

 

 

 

  



 




Start Here
About
Resources
contact
 


 The Lab  



My Blog












How To Step Up Your Founder Game With Dean Drako
BY William Griggs








 









 

 
























 










 










 

In this episode, I talk shop with Dean Drako. Dean has taken on his share of entrepreneurial ventures over the years but is most well-know as the founder of Barracuda Networks, which he took public. Barracuda is currently worth over $2 billion with no end in site for financial gain.
Most recently, Dean founded Eagle Eye Networks, a cloud video surveillance company. During our discussion, we talk about the highs and lows of starting a company and dig into the key skills every founder needs to have to be successful.
We also cover what’s made his experience as a entrepreneur distinct and where he thinks startup founders are wasting their time. Hope you enjoy the listen.

Have comments, questions, ideas, or feedback? I want to hear it. Let me know at @william_griggs.
 
Topics Covered In This Episode

In your experience, what the best part about starting a successful company is?
If you had to pick one reason, skill, etc that you think has set you apart and has helped you to be successful, what would it be?

Why do you think it so crucial to your success?
How can our audience cultivate it in themselves?


On the flip side, what’s the hardest part about starting a company?

What can our audience do to better prepare for that moment?


Knowing what you know now, if you could give advice to your younger self when you were just starting your first venture, what would it be?
What 3 required skills do you believed are most undervalued for startup CEOs?

How would you recommend our audience building up those skills?


Last question… We all know that there’s a lot that needs to be done when starting a company, from your perspective, where do you see CEO/Founders/Executives wasting time?
If people want to learn more about you or your current company, where can should they go?

 
INTERVIEW TRANSCRIPT:
Startup Slingshot Radio’s audio transcription is done by GMR Transcription

William Griggs:	In this episode I talk with Dean Drako. Dean is a serial entrepreneur and the founder of Barracuda Networks, a company that he took public and is now worth over $2 billion.  During our discussion we talk about the joys and sorrows of starting a company.  I dig into the skills every founder needs to have to be successful.
	We also cover what sets him apart as an entrepreneur and where founders waste time early in the formation of their company.  Without further ado, here’s my interview with Dean Drako.
	Dean, thanks for joining us today.
Dean Drako:	Hey, great to be here.  Thanks for having me.
William Griggs:	Yeah, no worries, no worries.  Appreciate your time.  You have a lot of experience and a lot of knowledge that I’m confident can benefit our listeners so let’s jump right in and do some rapid-fire questions.
Dean Drako:	Excellent.  I just wanna thank you.  This is the biggest thing that’s happened to me since the David Letterman Show so I’m looking forward to it.
William Griggs:	Yes, this is the highlight of most people’s careers, especially someone that’s done so many things like you.  You gotta get that one more accomplishment of getting on Startup Slingshot Radio is often at the top of people’s bucket list.  So I appreciate your time.
Dean Drako:	My pleasure.
William Griggs:	So we got a lot of founders in the audience together that’re grinding it out.  Some of them – for some of them it looks hopeless and others it looks good.  Regardless, in an effort to help keep them motivated to the ups and downs of entrepreneurship and starting a company, maybe you could start off by sharing, knowing your experience, what’s the best part of starting a successful company like you have.
Dean Drako:	Well, the best part of starting a successful company is when you actually first get to success.  And that’s when the customers are enthusiastic about your product.  They’re willing to actually write checks for it.  You’ve got money coming in and you’re like, okay, we have crossed the threshold.  We know we’re gonna be successful.  It’s like when you’re crossing that line of going to, I hope this is successful to okay, this is successful.  That’s the most exciting part.
William Griggs:	Yeah, yeah, so lots of people I’m sure listening; some have gotten their summer, some are itching or hungry for that moment in time.  And it’s just something that’ll help keep them going through that.  What does that feel like?
Dean Drako:	Well, it’s exhilarating, right, because you know you’ve got something that people like and people are giving you compliments.  They’re saying, oh my god, this is great or I like it, I love it.  Oh, I want this changed and then it’ll be perfect.  All in that feedback is just exciting, right.  And it doesn’t matter what industry it’s in.  It can be in a consumer industry and people love your drop box or your whatnot or it can be in a business-to-business industry like I am doing with Ely Networks.  And it’s all good fun.
William Griggs:	Yeah, so it sounds like you’re able to have this idea, grind it out, make sure it fits what the market needs and you have that kind of moment where you manifested something into the world that people are actually appreciative of, that they give you compliments on it that solves a real problem, it sounds like what you’re saying.
Dean Drako:	Yeah, it’s confirmation of your hypothesis, if you wanna put it in scientific terms, right.  At Barracuda Networks I came up with the barracuda as being a firewall.  We started selling it and people just went gaga over it because it solved a big problem.  And they were willing to write checks for it.  And it’s just like, oh my god, I was right.
William Griggs:	Yeah, that’s really cool.  So we also have a bunch of people in the audience that haven’t quite started their company yet.  They’re on the verge.  They’re trying to build up some skillsets.  If you had to pick maybe one reason or skill that you think kinda sets you apart and this helps you to be so successful for all these different companies, what would you think it – or what would you put your finger on?  What do you think it would be?
Dean Drako:	Well, so I’ve always attributed it to kinda two things.  And they’re really simple words.  It’s – one is, first you have to have a good strategy and second you have to execute.  So I always say it’s strategy and execution.
	Your strategy has to be sound.  It has to be one that’s gonna make you money.  It has to be one that’s gonna differentiate you.  And it has to make sense.  It has to be something good.  And then you have to execute, execute, execute, relentlessly execute.  So – 
William Griggs:	Yeah, so unpack the relentlessly execute portion of that.
Dean Drako:	Well, it means basically you’ve gotta do it.  You gotta build it, you gotta sell it, you gotta deliver it.  And you gotta do that stuff efficiently and you gotta work hard, okay.  And you can’t expect anyone else to do it for you, okay.  Most – a lot of entrepreneurs fail because they think that other people are gonna do stuff for them.  Nobody else does anything for you.  You gotta do it all yourself.
William Griggs:	Yeah, so it sounds like – I often hear people trying to outsource early sales or get somebody on so they can kind of take over that piece of the business.  You might recommend that they would do it themselves, grind it out.
Dean Drako:	The CEO should always be the number one sales guy in most every company that’s really successful.  And you gotta understand the customer.  You gotta understand what the customer wants.  You gotta understand why it’s not selling to the customer so you can modify it.  So you actually have to sell to the customer.
William Griggs:	Gotcha.  So, yeah, they’re going out there, they’re selling to the customer and that seems like it’s kinda that feedback loop back into the strategy and adapting that.  What about that strategy piece?  What – can you unpack that a little bit?
Dean Drako:	Sure.  So the strategy has to be a strategy that is actually focused on making money, okay, because if you’re a company and when you don’t make money you’re not gonna be around very long.  It’s only so long you can raise money, raise money, raise money and spend it, spend it, spend it.  At some point you’re gonna think, I’ll make money.
	And so the strategy actually has to be really heavily focused on what’s the price point gonna be?  How do I make money around that?  How am I gonna manufacture?  How am I gonna deliver it?  How am I gonna get eyeballs?  How am I gonna get the leads?  What is that whole process of building a business and does that strategy actually work?
William Griggs:	Yeah, so it sounds like some of the stuff you’re talking about kinda fits into that business model generation kinda methodology that people are talking about where you’re taking that, you’re breaking it down.  It’s – what are the customer relationships you’re gonna have?  What are the revenue streams?  What are your cost structures so you can know, like you said, how to charge it?  You’re going after that type of stuff.
Dean Drako:	Exactly.  And you gotta keep it simple, right.  In the early days it’s gotta be very, very simple.  Complicated things usually fail.
William Griggs:	Gotcha.  And so you talked about execution, you talked about strategy.  We unpacked it a little bit.  Do you think there’s any specific thing that the people listening to this podcast, either if they’re already started or if they’re about to start, can do to kind of make sure that that’s a focus and be better at that than they currently are?
Dean Drako:	Huh, well, so one of the things I often kinda suggest to people is you have to measure and adapt, okay.  So one of the advantages that every entrepreneur has is the ability to adapt, okay, and adapt quickly.  Larger companies can’t do that.  That’s basically one of the biggest advantages the entrepreneur has.  And so you wanna use that advantage.
	Well, you don’t wanna be willy-nilly just jumping around adapting, changing for no good reason.  You wanna adapt to make the product better, the sales process better, the execution better, the sales – whatever it is, you wanna make it better, better, better.
	Well, you can do that with opinion and intuition, okay, but it actually is much better if you do it with measurement, okay.  So figure out metrics, metrics, metrics, metrics, measure, measure, measure.  Measure your sales – your lead generation.  Measure your engineering deliveries.  Measure everything with some metrics.  And they can be simple metrics, but then adapt as you go based on the metrics.  That’s the one thing that I strongly recommend to folks.
William Griggs:	Yeah, it seems like you’re taking more like the scientific method approach or instead of having an opinion you have a hypothesis and you’re gonna test the hypothesis and you’re gonna make sure you’re tracking all the metrics.  So therefore you know whether you’re shooting yourself in the foot in the end with this opinion, or something that started as an opinion, or if it’s actually helping you succeed.
Dean Drako:	Exactly.  Exactly.
William Griggs:	Very cool.  So on the flipside you talked about what’s the best park.  We talked about what’s kinda setting you apart.  What’s the hardest part about starting a company and how can we prepare the audience to let them know that that is on the horizon?
Dean Drako:	There are a lot of hard parts but the most important part and maybe one of the hardest parts is getting the money, getting the order, right.  You gotta get the order.  At the end of the day you’ve gotta get cold hard cash from someone to pay the bills.  And if you don’t get the cold hard cash, well, it’s all for naught.
	So it’s kinda one of the most important pieces.  And some people actually find it the hardest because you’ve gotta ask for the order.  And it makes people get squeamish sometimes then.  But that’s the part that is key.
William Griggs:	Interesting.  So it sounds like – and part of the strategy it’s like defining who you’re going after and then part of the execution it’s actually getting in touch with them, adapting the value proposition to them.  And then it sounds like the hardest part for lots of people is actually closing or asking for the sale or pushing for the sale, not just continuing to have conversations.
Dean Drako:	Right.  Right.  You’ve gotta get past the conversation to the, hey, this is great.  We’ve been talking for a few months.  Either you’re gonna order or you’re not.  Oh, you’re not?  Okay.  Well, I gotta move on to the next thing, okay.  You are, great.  I got success.  If you’re not gonna order, why not?  What do we gotta do to get you to order, okay, because I’ve already spent a lot of time on this and I’m a startup company?  I can’t be sitting here for years trying to sell you.
William Griggs:	Yeah, do you all use or do you, in your experience, use any of a sales methodology I guess like Bent or any of those types of approaches to help drive to the sale?
Dean Drako:	The interesting thing is that in the early days of selling, those process don’t really work, in my opinion because you don’t know exactly what you’re selling and you don’t know exactly who you’re selling it to.  And you don’t know exactly what your value proposition is.
William Griggs:	Got it, yeah.
Dean Drako:	Because you’re figuring it out on the fly which is part of the reason that the entrepreneur needs to be the first sales guy is because it changes.  All right?  You got into that first sales call, that third sales call, that tenth sales call, you are tweaking, modifying, adjusting, hearing, adapting.  After you get it down a few times then you can start to use some of those formulas.  But in the early days you can’t.
William Griggs:	Gotcha.  So as you’re going out and talking to potential prospects or people who you think could be your prospect, you’re trying to hone in on that target message, test it and then eventually get to those methodologies.  What – how – but how do you do that?  How do you eventually push forward?  Are you looking for a theme to help create more about cohesive pitch?  Is that [inaudible] [00:11:59] –? 
[Crosstalk]
Dean Drako:	Oh yeah, absolutely.  I mean, you’re looking for some consistency.  You got into one customer and you find a strategy to sell them, that’s great.  You go into a second customer and it’s completely different, well, you’ve got a problem, okay.  You can’t really [inaudible] to fundamentally different strategies for selling and tweaking, etcetera.
	You go into a third customer and maybe he lines up with one of your other – one of the first two and then you start to see a pattern.  Then you say, oh, 60, 70 percent of the folks I go into this resonates with.  This is what they like.  These are the four bullet points that they seem to care about.  And then you can kinda start to basically build some momentum and a sales strategy.  And then you can start to bring in sales people to repeat that.
William Griggs:	Gotcha.
Dean Drako:	But the sales people, in my experience, can very rarely figure that strategy out.  They need that strategy kind of pre-canned and given to them because they just – they’re used to selling the product that they have or the service that they have.  Not necessarily adjusting or adapting it or spinning it differently.
William Griggs:	Got it.  So it sounds like for back at that strategy perspective that we talked about previous or earlier in the episode was you’re looking at the strategy and you have these different target personas or target prospects.  As you’re going to them you wanna make sure if you’re going to VPS sales to sell something to him that when you’re comparing and collecting all the feedback from those different pitches or prospecting attempts, that you’re juxtaposing them against maybe a VPM marketing, right.
	So you’re comparing them separately but then you’re seeing the overall effectiveness.
Dean Drako:	Yeah, but it’s not necessarily different – it’s not only just different roles but it’s different companies, right, different needs and different problems or different potential customers.  So, yeah – 
William Griggs:	Got it.  That makes a lot of sense and that’s super helpful as people get started down the sales path.  So we talked about – 
Dean Drako:	Yeah, I mean, so for example, when I started Barracuda Networks I was the first sales guy for – or the only sales guy for the first two or three months.  I talked to every customer, talked him through it, explained what we’re doing, why we’re doing it.  And then I adjusted the product based on what was going on or what feedback I was getting until it started to ring true for the majority of the customers.  And then things could actually really start to take off.
William Griggs:	And did you start selling even as the idea was just a little seed in your brain or did you wait until you had more of a product?
Dean Drako:	Halfway in between those, to be honest.  Kinda started selling a little bit before the product was done and ready to be shipped.  But we – I had a pretty clear idea of what the product was gonna be and it was mostly built before we actually kind of aggressively started selling it.
William Griggs:	Yeah, very interesting.  So knowing what you know now – again going along with the theme of the rapid fire questions, knowing what you know now, if you could give yourself, your younger self some advice when you were first starting your first venture, what do you think some of that advice would be?
Dean Drako:	It’s interesting.  Times have changed from when I started my first venture.  I was in 19 – early ’80s was my very first company.  But you gotta believe in your idea.  And back in the ’80s and ’90s when I was doing it, there wasn’t a whole lot of entrepreneurial spirit like there is today in the United State.  I mean, there was some but most of the advice I got was, oh, get a safe job and get a nice career in a big company.  And that was just bad advice
	And so if someone gives you that advice, don’t take it.  Not so many people giving that advice anymore but there was back then.  But you gotta believe in your idea and you gotta be committed to it and you gotta go do it, okay.  So that would be my advice to the younger folks.  If you think you’re right, you gotta believe you’re right, go prove you’re right, okay.  Test your hypothesis and prove it, convince yourself.  But once you’re convinced just you gotta believe and go do it.
William Griggs:	Yeah, that’s interesting.  So kind of some of the problems with believing or some people as they believe they go out and they might hit a wall, right.  Do you have any advice for those individuals that might hit that first wall and be looking to give up?
Dean Drako:	Yeah, knock down the wall and keep going.
William Griggs:	Yeah.
Dean Drako:	Or if it’s a real wall, well then, change your idea or adjust your idea.  You gotta have a decent strategy or a decent idea.  It is kinda sad sometimes.  I do see people who believe very strongly in an idea and the idea’s just really not that good.  And so bounce your idea off of people who you think are insightful and who have no other agenda.  And if you get kinda the feedback and you get convinced that it’s a good idea, well, then you should believe in it and go do it.
William Griggs:	Yeah, so that makes a lot of sense.  So if you’re going into a specific industry maybe you’re bouncing that idea off of people that are a few steps ahead of you, someone that’s kinda gone through the [inaudible] [00:17:36] that you’re currently in and seeing the other side.  They could either tell you to persevere or pivot.
Dean Drako:	Yes, exactly.
William Griggs:	Very interesting.  So it sounds like also that what you’re saying is you believe in it but you try to go through this hypothesis so you don’t – so you’re not irrational, right.  So you’re basically not going down the wrong path.
Dean Drako:	Well, yeah, well, have an idea, okay.  And you gotta test it, test it, test it, okay.  But then once you’ve tested it if it still tests good you gotta believe in it and you gotta go for it, okay.
William Griggs:	Yeah, and it seems like also what you’re saying is knocking down the walls is something that they should expect to have to do, right, in the pursuit.
Dean Drako:	Yes, absolutely.
William Griggs:	Which is definitely helpful when someone comes upon that wall, then they realize that someone with your success had to knock down walls.  It wasn’t just, hey, I had a good idea and everything was easy from there out.
Dean Drako:	Yeah – no, it’s never easy.
William Griggs:	And it also seems like basically from what you’re saying, you were passionate about this Barracuda Network idea and it was something that – I don’t know, did it solve a real problem and a problem that you had personally?
Dean Drako:	Yeah, absolutely.  Almost all the companies that I started and solved problems that I personally have had.  So my first company was EDA Design Software which was software for helping do chip design.  And it was solving problems that I was having doing chip design and so design acceleration.
	And I started another company that was in a space where I had problems.  Then I started Barracuda.  And Barracuda was basically because I was getting too much spam.  And I figured everyone else was having this problem.  And so, too much kinda junk in the email.
William Griggs:	Right.
Dean Drako:	So I created the Barracuda spam firewall to solve that problem.  I created another company called IC Manage, which was basically design management software for semi connectors.  Again, it was a problem that I was intimate with.  And now I’m doing Eagle Eye Networks which is doing cloud-based video surveillance cameras.  And it was basically the same problem.
	I needed surveillance cameras while running some of my companies.  I needed surveillance cameras for my house.  And all the systems that were out there were traditional and DVRs and these things that look like VCRs.  And I’m like, are you kidding me?  This is 2012, 2013.  It’s time for the cloud.  And so I said, I gotta make this a lot easier.
William Griggs:	Yeah, and it seems like that’s gonna help keep you motivated, probably has, and keep the – keep our listeners motivated.  If they’re really scratching their own itch if they know that there’s a real problem out there and they’re not just doing X for Y, Uber for this or Air B &B for whatever.
Dean Drako:	Um-hum.  You got it.
William Griggs:	Very interesting.  So next question is kind of around required skills, skills that you think – we talked about strategy, we talked about sales.  What other types of skills do you think startup CEOs, either young or midlevel should really focus on to help increase their likelihood of success?
Dean Drako:	Hum, that’s kinda interesting.  So there’s a lot of different ways to be a CEO.  And so I’ve seen CEOs be successful lacking all kinda of different skills, right.  Sometimes they’re not technical but they’re still successful.  Sometimes they’re – they don’t know marketing [inaudible] [00:21:07] some of them are financially a mess but they’re still successful.  Some of them are good at sales.
	Anyway, just – there’s all different kinds. What you gotta do is basically know what you know and figure out how you’re gonna cover the things that you’re not gonna be able to cover.  That’s really the trick, right.  And so if you can understand say how to do sales, understand enough about engineering and manufacturing, understand how to do marketing, understand how to do the financial side then great.  You can kinda keep your eyes on all of it and do it all and you’ll probably be a little bit more effective than the guy who’s missing one of those areas.  But just because you’re missing one doesn’t mean you can’t find a different way to kinda get it covered and still be successful.
William Griggs:	Gotcha.  Do you think it equates to – I think some people talk about marketing this way where it’s the philosophy of a T-shaped marketer where you have someone that’s really wide at the top with a lot of different skills but then very specific and very deep in a few set of skills.  Do you think that also applies to CEOs, knowing operations, marketing, sales and then knowing certain – maybe finance way better or sales way better?
Dean Drako:	Yeah.  Yeah, yeah.  I mean, that’s generally true of most people.  You can’t know everything really deeply.  It’s just not humanly possible.
William Griggs:	So we said sales, marketing, operations, finance.  Are there any other kind of skillsets that people maybe should think about having an overview or a base-level knowledge in, in addition to their more specific industry experience?
Dean Drako:	Some – the fifth one is support, often support, a significant thing that becomes important, not in the early days but pretty quickly.
William Griggs:	So that means customer support, account management, that type of stuff?
Dean Drako:	Yep, yeah.
William Griggs:	Got it.  And what do people – that’s a set of experiences that I don’t really have any experience, if you will, in.  So where do people start if they were gonna dig into support, like even ask specific questions?  I don’t know enough about it.
Dean Drako:	Well, there are folks who specialize in doing support and doing it really well.  There’s a lot of process, a lot of procedure, a lot of training that needs to be done.  What normally happens is you kinda get by in the early days.  But there’s books written about how to do support.  And one of the key things is that really great support really, really, in my experience, affects the bottom line in a huge way.
	I’ve been vehement, in all of my companies, that we will give support to the ends of the earth for any and all customers no matter what it is any time of the day or night, any location, any language.  We do whatever’s necessary to get support for our customers.
	And customers come back and buy more when you do that, in a big way when they have that really good experience and support.  Even if your product has some issues and you’re on it and get it fixed for them and responsive, they come back and buy more.  And so it is really good for the business.
	But it’s just it’s a set of skills just like marketing or sales.  And there’s a whole doctrine of knowledge around it and a whole set of professionals who do it.  And you learn it like any other one.
William Griggs:	Yeah – no, that makes a lot of sense because as I’m trying to think about this, a lot of the support to make how management level services lead to higher retention rates, which is also – which is great for recurring revenue businesses or any type of business really.
Dean Drako:	Exactly.  Exactly.  Yeah, so at Eagle Eye, Barracuda, IC Manage, all my companies support is paramount.
William Griggs:	But it also seems like if you’re selling $100 a month SAS product you can’t necessarily have that one-to-one service.  So, like you said, it has to be built into the strategy of the business model so you can set an appropriate expectation for the level of service based on the amount of money that they’re spending.  And then potentially have additional services for additional fees, right?
Dean Drako:	Well, there are different philosophies on that.  In the early days of the company I think you do need to get out one-on-one level of service to each and every customer.  And you may discover that, oh my god, this is too much.  But that just basically means that your product needs help.  And so you gotta figure out how to tune, tweak, adjust, improve the product and get the support folks into that loop so that you actually focus on adjusting the product to reduce the support load, okay.
	And that’s something that actually very rarely happens in larger companies.  But I think I’ve actually been pretty successful in all of my companies doing is basically closing the loop between support and engineering or product management such that we actually started adjusting the product, tweaking the product, enhancing the product to reduce the support load.  Because A. it makes for a better customer experience and B. it reduces the cost of your support and makes for happier customers.
William Griggs:	Yeah, I actually had a friend recently that was telling me about their company and specifically that they had engineering do customer service every once in a while.  And there’s this one bug that people kept complaining about.  And they kept complaining about it and the engineer goes, I didn’t even know this was a bug.  I could solve this in about three minutes.
	And so he went in there and he fixed it and they’ve been having – over the last six months they had like 300 tickets or bug tickets or support tickets for that one issue.  So, like you said, closing the loop is super important and definitely something our listeners should be thinking about.
Dean Drako:	Yep.
William Griggs:	And then it talks – and then you talked a little bit about as you do that kinda white glove one off service in the immediate or the early stage of the company, it sounds like eventually you’re kinda getting to that automated portion where you potentially have that feedback loop.  I know Zindesk offers support so you can start to see some of the tickets and bubble them up and try to tackle those so you can relieve some of the issues.
	And so then potentially if you have your support team, your account management team dealing with less of those fixable issues, they can deal with more kinda white glove maybe strategic support issues that really make your customers love you.
Dean Drako:	Exactly.  Exactly.
William Griggs:	Really cool.  So with the last question, we all know that there’s a lot that needs to be done when starting a company.  We’ve talked about it.  We’ve talked about strategy.  We’ve talked about sales.  We’ve talked about all these essential pieces of the business.  What do you see – maybe as you mentor other companies or as you advise other companies or sit on the board or as you start your own, where do you see CEOs or founders or other executives that you work with wasting time?
Dean Drako:	Interesting.  There’s a lot of places that CEOs waste time.  The one place they don’t spend enough time is with customers.  But raising money, marketing and pitching can be a huge, huge time sink.  It’s necessary if you need the money but you can just, I mean, waste a tremendous amount of time pitching, pitching, pitching to the wrong audience and selling to the wrong audience rather than pitching and selling to customers.
	Time with potential customers, time with customers is very rarely wasted, okay.  Time pitching your company, explaining your company, articulating your company to a whole bunch of people who are interested but are not customers can be a huge time sink.
William Griggs:	Yeah, is it – people that are raising money and they’re wasting time doing that, are they not targeting the right venture capitalists or [inaudible] [00:29:29] investors based on their previous investment history?  Are they not having enough – or not building enough social proof or proof in their businesses, gotta work to actually get someone to invest?
Dean Drako:	Yeah, I think that people go out and actually often will start trying to raise money too early when they haven’t proven their concept.  And sometimes they’re lucky and they can raise money but if you look at a lot of the really great companies, they go and get proof or launch or they figure it out and then they try and go raise money.
William Griggs:	Yeah, so it’s like you get as far as you can.  On the flipside there’s – there are venture capitalists like Mark Suster with Upfront Ventures who talks about trying to build that line.  So instead of being a dot to venture capitalist you try to be a line.  So you’re a set of dots and experiences.  So he would probably say on the flipside, start earlier but don’t do it at the risk or at the cost of kinda validating your business.  Is that how you feel as well?
Dean Drako:	Yeah, I mean, I think that you’re better off if you’ve got your two or three guys or your one guy, start going as if you’re just gonna go build the business and get as far as you can without raising the money.  Because the raising the money’s gonna take a long time and it’s gonna take even longer if you don’t have anything.  So – 
William Griggs:	So it’s kind of a two-part mission, right.  You’re going forward, you’re acting as if you don’t need to raise the money so you’re gonna go as far and as fast as you can to validate the business, build up some impressive metrics.  But at the same time it seems you might have to – well, maybe not.  You tell me.  Do you have to, at the same time, build a relationship with a VC but don’t spend – or [inaudible] [00:31:21] investors but just don’t spend nearly as much time trying to convince them?
Dean Drako:	Yeah, exactly.  You may just – instead of begging you may just kinda do a, hey, here’s some info.  We’re not ready to raise money yet but here’s a little info on what we’re working on.
William Griggs:	Gotcha.  Yeah, what were you gonna say?
Dean Drako:	You can’t spend a lot of time on it though, right, because it’s not productive, right.
William Griggs:	Right.  It seems like you’re saying, they’re not gonna save your business.  The sales and the validation of the business model is gonna make or break your business.
Dean Drako:	Correct.
William Griggs:	And if you’re able to validate that and get that going then it sounds like the investors will wanna be a part of that.
Dean Drako:	Exactly.  Exactly.
William Griggs:	Very cool.  So, if people wanna learn more about your company and – where should they go online?
Dean Drako:	So www.EagleEyeNetworks.com is where we do the cloud-based video surveillance.  And if you wanna learn, that’s where to go.
William Griggs:	Perfect.  I really appreciate your time today and thanks for coming on the show.
Dean Drako:	Oh, thank you very, very much.  It’s been great fun, William.  And I look forward to doing it again sometime.  Take care.
William Griggs:	Thanks.
Dean Drako:	Okay.  Bye-bye.

 
Dean Drako’s Bio
As President and CEO of Eagle Eye Networks and IC Manage, Dean oversees each companies’ strategic direction, planning, and execution. He also currently sits on the board of Barracuda Networks, IC Manage, and Eagle Eye Networks.
Dean has 25 years of experience building profitable, high growth, high recurring revenue technology companies. He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Barracuda Networks for its first 10 years. Barracuda Networks is a provider of security, networking, and storage products based on network appliances and cloud services. As Barracuda Networks founder and CEO, he grew it from a concept to more than 140 products, 150,000 customers and approximately 1,000 employees.
Dean has a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from University of Michigan, and a Masters degree in Electrical Engineering from UC Berkeley. I also serve on the University of Michigan Advisory council.
 
Connect With Dean
LinkedIn
Eagle Eye Networks
Baracuda Networks

###
 
Do you enjoy this podcast?
If so, please leave a short review here. It’s very important to helping keep the show alive. Email me a screenshot of your review to receive a free 30-minute Clarity.fm call (a $250 value).
 
 














Proven Founders Reveal How You Can Raise Money For Your Startup




EVEN IF YOU HAVEN’T DONE IT BEFORE AND
DON’T LIVE IN SILICON VALLEY
On Sale(Normally $197)
  
 










Free Course: "Become a Better Founder in 10 Days" + Secret Bonus
(Valued at $197)





This amazing course will help you launch a tech startup as a non-technical founder over the next 10 days.






Email Address *






 




100% privacy guaranteed. I'll never share your email.



About William Griggs


William Griggs is a product and customer acquisition strategist who has helped numerous startups including companies backed by Andreessen Horowitz, FLOODGATE, & 500 Startups. In addition to his consulting work, he has written for Mashable, VentureBeat, & ReadWrite. You can check out his podcast on iTunes (The Startup Slingshot TV) or follow him on Twitter @william_griggs for Tweets chock-full of delicious knowledge nuggets. 
In addition to everything tech startups, William loves breakfast tacos, dogs, short emails, and Amazon Prime. He currently resides in Austin, Texas with his beautiful wife Elizabeth.

 







Hot Content
Hall of Fame




Popular Posts

The List of the Top 29 Must Read Busin... 
How To Raise Startup Funding in Atlant... 
Serial Entrepreneur Reveals What He Le... 
Silicon Valley Culture and Customer Va... 
Hear What This Techstars Partner Learn... 








Should You Find A Co-Founder Or Go At ... 
My Entrepreneurial Journey: Marcus Whi... 
The List of the Top 29 Must Read Busin... 
Business Modeling 101 With Alexander O... 
How To Acquire A Struggling Web App ... 






Subscribe














Email Address *






 






















 The purpose of Startup Slingshot is to inspire, train, and support entrepreneurs just like you. Our goal is to help you solve a problem, change the world, make a fortune and give back. To accomplish this mission, we uncover tested business strategies from experienced entrepreneurs.




Latest Tweets
 Fact: I loved every second of The Defiant Ones on HBO. "Cartoon time!" - my 7 year old self #saturdaymorning I've finally decided. I want to be Marcus Lemonis when I grow up. 

Contact Info
 


@TSSUpdates




wgriggs@thestartupslingshot.com




linkedin.com/in/williamgriggs




youtube.com/user/TheStartupSlingshot




iTunes


 






The Startup Slingshot © 2017. All Rights Reserved.
















How Dean Drako's 1/2 billion dollar "side hobby" might change EDA



























 





( ESNUG 508 Item 1 ) -------------------------------------------- [08/08/12]

From: John Cooley <jcooley=user domain=zeroskew got calm>
Subject: How Dean Drako's 1/2 billion dollar "side hobby" might change EDA

One of the neat things about having a mailing list that goes to literally
33,018 engineers is that people send me tips on things that I *should*
already know -- but I sometimes don't know -- thus making me appear much
smarter than I really am.  :)

A classic example happened recently when this was forwarded to me:

    From: [ Dean Drako of Barracuda Networks ]
 
    Dear [ Person X ],

    I am writing to let you know I have resigned as President and
    CEO of Barracuda Networks.  I will continue to remain a large
    shareholder of the company and serve on its Board of Directors.

    When I founded Barracuda 9 years ago, we started by offering
    a single affordable spam filter to SMBs.  The company now has
    expanded to more than 140 different products, with nearly 1000
    employees, 5000 VARs, 150,000 customers, $250,000,000+ in 
    revenue, and $100,000,000+ cash in the bank.

    We achieved profitability and nearly 30 percent growth every
    year since Barracuda's inception, blah, blah, blah...

        - Dean Drako
          Barracuda Networks              Campbell, CA

I read this forwarded letter twice.  There can't be two "Dean Drako's"; it's
too unique a name.  I went snooping on the web just to be sure.

        

On the left "Dean Drako" Barracuda pic.  On the right "Dean" IC Manage pic.

... Same face... And I recognize that smirk...  Hell, he's even wearing the
same shirt, same suit, and it looks like even the same tie.  Yup, same guy!

So this means Dean really founded TWO start-up companies at the same time
back in 2003???  Who the hell does that????

Why didn't he tell anyone this at all those DACs?  "Oh, BTW, along with my
tiny $10 million IC Manage company that does really dull data management
stuff, on the side as a hobby I also happen to CEO a monster $250 million
web security company called Barracuda Networks..."

         ----    ----    ----    ----    ----    ----   ----

After I calmed down, with me being a naturally prying investigative type, my
first nosey question to myself was: "Wow.  So how much is Dean now worth???"

OK, let's see.  Web security/IT typically gets a valuation of 5-6X forward
revenues once they IPO.  So doing the math: $250 M in 2011 times 30% growth
equals forward revenues of $325 M.  A multiple of 5-6X times $325 M means
Barracuda's current ballpark valuation is $1.63 billion to $1.95 billion.

(Mentor's market cap is $1.72 billion.  If Dean's company were public today,
it would be a similar to Mentor!  Whoa!  "Hobby company"????)

Digging some more I found that Barracuda only had 2 rounds of funding; $40 M
in 2006 and $5.61 M in 2009.  Not much dilution there, so it's reasonable
that Dean, as founder, President and CEO, owns around 30% of the company.

So 30% of $1.63 to $1.95 billion makes Dean's worth from $489 M to $585 M!
(Let's just call it 1/2 a billion dollars to keep it simple.)

         ----    ----    ----    ----    ----    ----   ----

This sudden new $500,000,000 in personal net worth clearly puts Dean Drako
up at the Aart de Geus level in EDA.  Their similarities & differences:



Trait
Aart de Geus
Dean Drako


personal net worth
~$300 million
~$500 million


education
Phd'85 in EDA at Southern Methodist University
MSEE'88, UC Berkeley


age
59
46


personal technical focus
pretty much 100% EDA from extreme frontend to extreme backend
a mix of frontend EDA, data management, web security, IT


business pedigree
CEO of Synopsys for 25 years
Apple for 4 years, 3DO for 2 years, CEO of DAI for 4 years, CEO of BoldFish for 2 years, CEO of Velosel for 2 years, CEO of Barracuda and IC Manage for 9 years


business successes
took SNPS from $0 to a market cap of $4.5 billion in 25 years
sold DAI for $27 million; IC Manage makes $10 million; Barracuda stock will likely market cap at $1.8 billion


business flops
VHDL, Behavioral Compiler, suing Magma, Lynx, Custom Designer, FPGA Express, Chip Architect, Synplicity, Arkos, SNPS Cloud, Synfora, Gerry Hsu, TLMcentral.com
Velosel Trading Hub, DAI CoverScan, Barracuda IM Firewall, Barracuda Spyware Firewall, LizaMoon attack


business style
10% home grown products from SNPS R&D; 90% acquired products from start-ups or rivals
likes to bootstrap; very hands-on and involved in all aspects of company


business money style
likes company books with lots of free cash on hand
likes company books with lots of free cash on hand


acquisition experience
57 at Synopsys; Borg style mergers; buys to keep or kill
6 at Barracuda; Borg style mergers; buys only to keep


patent lawyers
likes to bully small EDA start-ups with patent lawsuits
minor hero for defending open source SW in IT patent lawsuit


layoffs
maybe 15 to 20 over the past 25 years
none


# of employees
6,331
"nearly 1000"


Glassdoor.com rating as CEO
95% approve
88% approve


BusinessInsider ranking
#25 of the 2011 Best Tech Co's to Work For
#2 of the 2011 Best Tech Co's to Work For


most impressive competitive award
2004 Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year
2007 Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year


personal entrepreneural style
a rock solid one-company guy who'll ride SNPS into retirement
financial serial polygamist; likes to go in deep operationally on a few good companies


EDAC
has been EDAC Chairman at least 2 or maybe 3 times
recently elected Member of EDAC board


customer experience in a movie quote
"Show me the money!" or "Greed is good."
"Failure is not an option."



So this July 18th news that Dean Drako resigned as CEO from Barracuda has
two major implications:

  1.) It implies he'll be doing more with IC Manage.  At DAC'12, Dean
      showed off Zero-Time Sync, it populates engineers' tools super
      quickly.  BRCM did 2 GB in 15 sec.  See ESNUG 505 #5.

  2.) It implies he'll be doing more start-up related stuff.  What Dean
      will be specifically doing (in or outside of EDA) is anyone's
      guess.  What I do know is Dean owns DrakoVentures.com.

No matter what, it's a brilliant move.  Since Dean is still a "large
shareholder" of Barracuda stock, he'll get to reap the upside of when it
goes public while off doing his IC Manage and Drako Ventures exploits.

Not a bad "side hobby" for a guy who does that really dull data management
stuff.  :)

    - John Cooley
      DeepChip.com                               Holliston, MA

Join   
Index   
Next->Item





 







 Sign up for the DeepChip newsletter.




Email












 Read what EDA tool users really think.




















 

 
 















Feedback
About
Wiretaps
ESNUGs
SIGN UP!
Downloads
Trip Reports
Advertise







"Relax. This is a discussion. Anything said here is just one engineer's opinion. Email in your dissenting letter and it'll be published, too."
This Web Site Is Modified Every 2-3 Days
Copyright 1991-2017 John Cooley.  All Rights Reserved.
| Contact John Cooley | Webmaster | Legal  | Feedback Form |




   !!!     "It's not a BUG,
  /o o\  /  it's a FEATURE!"
 (  >  )
  \ - / 
  _] [_     (jcooley 1991)

   


 






Dean Drako - Wikipedia






















 






Dean Drako

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Dean Drako



Drako at the Design Automation Conference 3 June 2013



Alma mater
University of Michigan (BS,EE 1987)
UC Berkeley (MS,EE 1988)


Occupation
Founder, CEO, Eagle Eye Networks


Board member of
Barracuda Networks, Brivo


Website
Linked in


Dean Drako is an American businessman and serial entrepreneur who has started more than five companies. Drako is best known as a co-founder, president and CEO of Barracuda Networks (NYSE Ticker CUDA)[1] from 2003 to July 2012. Drako is currently President and CEO of Eagle Eye Networks.[2] He is also an active angel investor.[3]
He graduated with a BS in Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan and an MS in Electrical Engineering from UC Berkeley.[4] As of 2013, Drako is a holder of 27 patents, including patents in network security, network protocols, digital circuits, software, biochemical processes, and sporting equipment.[5]



Contents


1 Career history

1.1 Barracuda Networks
1.2 IC Manage
1.3 Eagle Eye Networks
1.4 Brivo
1.5 Drako Motors
1.6 LivingTree
1.7 Swift Sensors


2 Awards and recognition
3 References
4 External links



Career history[edit]
In 1982, Drako founded his first company, which sold a bulletin board system software package called T-net, used to share messages via modems. Drako used the profits to fund his college education.[6][7]
In 1992, Drako founded Design Acceleration, Inc, served as its CEO,[8] and sold it to Cadence Design Systems in 1999.[9] Drako was also founder and CEO of Boldfish and Velosel;[10] Boldfish was acquired by Siebel Systems in 2003.[11] In 2003 Drako founded IC Manage,[12] where he continues to be president and CEO.[13]
Drako has written a number of articles on open source, big data, and system on chip design.[14][15][16][17]
Drako is a frequently invited speaker and contributor on the topic of entrepreneurship, including by UC Berkeley,[18][19][20] University of Michigan,[21] ISPD,[22] and Forbes.[23][24]
Barracuda Networks[edit]
Also in 2003, Drako founded Barracuda Networks and introduced their email spam and virus appliance product line.[25][26] Other Barracuda product lines launched during Drako's tenure were: web filters,[27] load balancers,[28] email archiving,[29] and digital PBXs.[30]
Drako executed six acquisitions by Barracuda Networks: In 2007, NetContinuum, an application controller company;[31] in 2008, BitLeap, a provider of cloud-based backup services,[32] and 3SP, an SSL and VPN company;[33] in 2009, Yosemite Technologies, for incremental backup of applications;[34] a controlling interest in phion AG, an Austria-based public enterprise-class firewalls company,[35] and Purewire Inc, a software as a service (SaaS) cloud-based web filtering and security company.[36]
Drako contributed to or supported 16 different open source projects while running Barracuda including Valgrind, Apache, and the Free Software Foundation.[37]
Drako resigned from Barracuda Networks in July 2012 to pursue other ventures, remaining on its board of directors. At the time of Drako’s resignation, Barracuda stated it was profitable, generating hundreds of millions in annual revenue, close to 30% year-over-year growth since inception, and had surpassed 150,000 customers.[38][39]
IC Manage[edit]
Drako also co-founded[40] IC Manage, the leader in next generation design management and big data solutions for SoC, IP, IC and software design, enabling companies to efficiently and reliably manage single and multi-site development efforts where he continues to serve as President and CEO,
Eagle Eye Networks[edit]
In July 2012, Drako founded Eagle Eye Networks, a cloud-based video security company, and serves as its President and CEO.[41][42]
In January 2014, Drako formally launched Eagle Eye Networks and introduced its cloud-managed video surveillance system. Eagle Eye’s goal was “to do for video surveillance what Dropbox did for file sharing by making video more available and far easier to use.”[43][44]
Brivo[edit]
Drako acquired Brivo,[45] a provider of cloud-based physical access control systems, in June 2015 for a reported $50 million. Brivo will sell its cloud-based access control systems along with Eagle Eye’s cloud-based security camera system, although the companies will continue to operate as separate entities.[46]
Drako Motors[edit]
Drako is co-founder[47] and CEO of Drako Motors, an electric sports car software platform provider, which on August 6, 2015 announced its first product, the Drako DriveOS, a single VCU (vehicle control unit) operating system which controls all four wheels independently. [48]
LivingTree[edit]
In December 2016, Drako acquired LivingTree, a K-12 family engagement platform provider.[49] The acquisition was described as a "multimillion-dollar investment."[50] LivingTree provides a secure, community-wide platform for educators and parents to engage, independent of language preference, and is stated to address directives set by the Every Student Succeeds Act.[51]
Swift Sensors[edit]
Drako founded Swift Sensors, a cloud-based wireless sensor company, in May 2015. In Dec 2016, Drako formally launched Swift Sensors and introduced its cloud wireless sensor system.[52] Swift Sensors’ goal is to eliminate the pain and cost of Internet of Things sensing applications by offering a unified solution that requires no programming skills or technical expertise.[53] Drako will serve as the company's Executive Chairman.[54]
Awards and recognition[edit]
In 1984, Drako won finalist in the Westinghouse Science Talent Search for his solar energy research.[55]
In 2007, Drako was named Entrepreneur of the Year for Northern California for Networking and Communications by Ernst & Young.[56]
In 2011, during Drako's tenure as CEO, Barracuda Networks was ranked #2 of the 2011 Best Tech Co's to Work For in 2011 by Business Insider.[57]
In 2012, Drako was elected to be a director of the Electronic Design Automation Consortium (EDAC) board in 2012.[58]
Since 2012 Drako has served on the University of Michigan Advisory council. [59]
In 2014, Drako was selected as Keynote speaker for UC Berkeley Engineering Week.[60]
In 2014, Goldman Sachs named Dean Drako as one of the 100 Most Intriguing Entrepreneurs of 2014.[61]
In 2016, Dean was commencement speaker at University of Michigan Engineering School.[62]
References[edit]


^ SJ Mercury News Biz Break: Barracuda Networks IPO primes pump for Twitter
^ Security Info Watch Michael Dell bankrolls Eagle Eye Networks
^ Dow Jones Serial Entrepreneur and Ex-Barracuda CEO Launches Eagle Eye Networks to Take Video to the Cloud
^ Richard Newton Distinguished Innovator Lecture Series, Dean Drako Sept 2008
^ US Patent Collection database search July 2013
^ CTAN January 2013
^ Apple II Computer Info Page 67
^ EETimes: DAI Reorganizes for Next Stage Growth Jul 1997
^ EETimes: Cadence acquires verification tool vendor DAI Jan 1999
^ Deepchip: How Dean Drako's 1/2 billion dollar "side hobby" might change EDA August 2012
^ Bloomberg Businessweek: Boldfish Retrieved March 2013
^ Deepchip: How Dean Drako's 1/2 billion dollar "side hobby" might change EDA August 2012
^ IC Manage management page: Retrieved April 2013
^ DeepChip: Big Data analytics coming for chip design May 2014
^ DeepChip: Design and IP management metrics May 2014
^ NetworkWorld Open Source Developers Must Chart Clear Defense in the Patent Wars Nov 2007
^ EETimes: IP reuse requires both design reuse and verification reuse April 2013
^ Berkeley Innovators Fresh off of Barracuda's IPO, Dean Drako MS '88 launches Eagle Eye & talks entrepreneurship with Berkeley Innovators
^ UC Berkeley CET 2015 Dean Drako, CEO Eagle Eye Networks
^ UC Berkeley Newton Lectures Dean Drako, CEO Barracuda Networks
^ University of Michigan Center for Entrepreneurship Dean Drako Entrepreneurship Talk
^ ISPD Concept & Research to Revenue: An Entrepreneurial Story
^ Forbes 7 CEOs Reveal Lessons Learned as a Chief Executive
^ Forbes 7 CEOs Give Advice to First-Timers
^ CTAN January 2013
^ Deepchip: How Dean Drako's 1/2 billion dollar "side hobby" might change EDA August 2012
^ InformationWeek Barracuda Rolls Out Spyware-Blocking Appliance
^ IT & Security Portal Barracuda Networks Launches Barracuda Load Balancer
^ Reseller News November 2007
^ Enterprise Networking Planet: Barracuda Launches CudaTel PBX August 2009
^ SCMagazine Barracuda Networks buys NetContinuum
^ eweek Barracuda Networks Buys into Data Backup Business
^ Eweek Barracuda Networks Breaks into SSL VPN Space
^ PCWorld Backup Merger Unites Barracuda, Yosemite
^ Silicon Valley Business Journal Barracuda Networks takes controlling interest in Phion
^ Atlanta Business Chronicle Barracuda buys Purewire Inc.
^ Barracuda Open Source Community Retrieved 2012
^ Bloomberg October 2012
^ CRN Barracuda CEO Resigns
^ "Company - ICMANAGE". www.icmanage.com. Retrieved 2016-08-28. 
^ Barracuda management page: Retrieved Sept 2013
^ Venture Beat Michael Dell is funding this company to move surveillance cameras onto the cloud
^ The Wall Street Journal: Barracuda Networks Co-Founder Launches Video Surveillance Startup Jan 2014
^ MarketWatch: Startup puts video surveillance in the cloud Jan 2014
^ "Brivo acquired by Dean Drako of Eagle Eye Networks". SourceSecurity.com. 
^ ”Austin’s Dean Drako Buys Maryland-Based Security Manager Brivo for $50M,” Xconomy, June 11, 2015 [1]
^ "Leadership - Drako Motors Inc". Retrieved 2016-09-07. 
^ ”Drako Motors Debuts Company and Introduces Drako DriveOS Platform for Electric Sports Cars”[2]
^ EdWeek K-12 Dealmaking: Eagle Eye Networks CEO Acquires LivingTree
^ Austin Business Journal Austin entrepreneur buys developer of a social network for moms and dads
^ District Administration K12 family engagement company bought
^ Manufacturing Connection Swift Sensors Launches Cloud Wireless Sensor System
^ DesignNews No Programming Required: Start-Up Rolls Out Simple IoT Solution
^ Channel e2e Swift Sensors Launches Cloud-based IoT Monitoring System
^ CTAN January 2013
^ Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the year Hall of Fame: July 2007 Archived October 7, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Business Insider The 25 Best Tech Companies To Work For In 2011 Sept 2011
^ EETimes Kathryn Kranen elected chair of EDA Consortium June 2012
^ Michigan EAC Members and Term of Service Retrieved April 2013
^ Berkeley Engineering Channel Retrieved May 2014
^ Security Systems News: Goldman Sachs names Eagle Eye Networks founder one of '100 Most Intriguing Entrepreneurs of 2014' Oct 2014
^ Commencement Speaker. University of Michigan Engineering. Retrieved 2016-04-30.


External links[edit]

Brivo website
Drako Motors website
Eagle Eye Networks website
IC Manage website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dean_Drako&oldid=787949830"					
Categories: Living peopleAmerican technology company foundersBusinesspeople in softwareUniversity of Michigan alumniHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch한국어Italiano日本語Português粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 June 2017, at 15:14.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Dean Drako - Wikipedia






















 






Dean Drako

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Dean Drako



Drako at the Design Automation Conference 3 June 2013



Alma mater
University of Michigan (BS,EE 1987)
UC Berkeley (MS,EE 1988)


Occupation
Founder, CEO, Eagle Eye Networks


Board member of
Barracuda Networks, Brivo


Website
Linked in


Dean Drako is an American businessman and serial entrepreneur who has started more than five companies. Drako is best known as a co-founder, president and CEO of Barracuda Networks (NYSE Ticker CUDA)[1] from 2003 to July 2012. Drako is currently President and CEO of Eagle Eye Networks.[2] He is also an active angel investor.[3]
He graduated with a BS in Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan and an MS in Electrical Engineering from UC Berkeley.[4] As of 2013, Drako is a holder of 27 patents, including patents in network security, network protocols, digital circuits, software, biochemical processes, and sporting equipment.[5]



Contents


1 Career history

1.1 Barracuda Networks
1.2 IC Manage
1.3 Eagle Eye Networks
1.4 Brivo
1.5 Drako Motors
1.6 LivingTree
1.7 Swift Sensors


2 Awards and recognition
3 References
4 External links



Career history[edit]
In 1982, Drako founded his first company, which sold a bulletin board system software package called T-net, used to share messages via modems. Drako used the profits to fund his college education.[6][7]
In 1992, Drako founded Design Acceleration, Inc, served as its CEO,[8] and sold it to Cadence Design Systems in 1999.[9] Drako was also founder and CEO of Boldfish and Velosel;[10] Boldfish was acquired by Siebel Systems in 2003.[11] In 2003 Drako founded IC Manage,[12] where he continues to be president and CEO.[13]
Drako has written a number of articles on open source, big data, and system on chip design.[14][15][16][17]
Drako is a frequently invited speaker and contributor on the topic of entrepreneurship, including by UC Berkeley,[18][19][20] University of Michigan,[21] ISPD,[22] and Forbes.[23][24]
Barracuda Networks[edit]
Also in 2003, Drako founded Barracuda Networks and introduced their email spam and virus appliance product line.[25][26] Other Barracuda product lines launched during Drako's tenure were: web filters,[27] load balancers,[28] email archiving,[29] and digital PBXs.[30]
Drako executed six acquisitions by Barracuda Networks: In 2007, NetContinuum, an application controller company;[31] in 2008, BitLeap, a provider of cloud-based backup services,[32] and 3SP, an SSL and VPN company;[33] in 2009, Yosemite Technologies, for incremental backup of applications;[34] a controlling interest in phion AG, an Austria-based public enterprise-class firewalls company,[35] and Purewire Inc, a software as a service (SaaS) cloud-based web filtering and security company.[36]
Drako contributed to or supported 16 different open source projects while running Barracuda including Valgrind, Apache, and the Free Software Foundation.[37]
Drako resigned from Barracuda Networks in July 2012 to pursue other ventures, remaining on its board of directors. At the time of Drako’s resignation, Barracuda stated it was profitable, generating hundreds of millions in annual revenue, close to 30% year-over-year growth since inception, and had surpassed 150,000 customers.[38][39]
IC Manage[edit]
Drako also co-founded[40] IC Manage, the leader in next generation design management and big data solutions for SoC, IP, IC and software design, enabling companies to efficiently and reliably manage single and multi-site development efforts where he continues to serve as President and CEO,
Eagle Eye Networks[edit]
In July 2012, Drako founded Eagle Eye Networks, a cloud-based video security company, and serves as its President and CEO.[41][42]
In January 2014, Drako formally launched Eagle Eye Networks and introduced its cloud-managed video surveillance system. Eagle Eye’s goal was “to do for video surveillance what Dropbox did for file sharing by making video more available and far easier to use.”[43][44]
Brivo[edit]
Drako acquired Brivo,[45] a provider of cloud-based physical access control systems, in June 2015 for a reported $50 million. Brivo will sell its cloud-based access control systems along with Eagle Eye’s cloud-based security camera system, although the companies will continue to operate as separate entities.[46]
Drako Motors[edit]
Drako is co-founder[47] and CEO of Drako Motors, an electric sports car software platform provider, which on August 6, 2015 announced its first product, the Drako DriveOS, a single VCU (vehicle control unit) operating system which controls all four wheels independently. [48]
LivingTree[edit]
In December 2016, Drako acquired LivingTree, a K-12 family engagement platform provider.[49] The acquisition was described as a "multimillion-dollar investment."[50] LivingTree provides a secure, community-wide platform for educators and parents to engage, independent of language preference, and is stated to address directives set by the Every Student Succeeds Act.[51]
Swift Sensors[edit]
Drako founded Swift Sensors, a cloud-based wireless sensor company, in May 2015. In Dec 2016, Drako formally launched Swift Sensors and introduced its cloud wireless sensor system.[52] Swift Sensors’ goal is to eliminate the pain and cost of Internet of Things sensing applications by offering a unified solution that requires no programming skills or technical expertise.[53] Drako will serve as the company's Executive Chairman.[54]
Awards and recognition[edit]
In 1984, Drako won finalist in the Westinghouse Science Talent Search for his solar energy research.[55]
In 2007, Drako was named Entrepreneur of the Year for Northern California for Networking and Communications by Ernst & Young.[56]
In 2011, during Drako's tenure as CEO, Barracuda Networks was ranked #2 of the 2011 Best Tech Co's to Work For in 2011 by Business Insider.[57]
In 2012, Drako was elected to be a director of the Electronic Design Automation Consortium (EDAC) board in 2012.[58]
Since 2012 Drako has served on the University of Michigan Advisory council. [59]
In 2014, Drako was selected as Keynote speaker for UC Berkeley Engineering Week.[60]
In 2014, Goldman Sachs named Dean Drako as one of the 100 Most Intriguing Entrepreneurs of 2014.[61]
In 2016, Dean was commencement speaker at University of Michigan Engineering School.[62]
References[edit]


^ SJ Mercury News Biz Break: Barracuda Networks IPO primes pump for Twitter
^ Security Info Watch Michael Dell bankrolls Eagle Eye Networks
^ Dow Jones Serial Entrepreneur and Ex-Barracuda CEO Launches Eagle Eye Networks to Take Video to the Cloud
^ Richard Newton Distinguished Innovator Lecture Series, Dean Drako Sept 2008
^ US Patent Collection database search July 2013
^ CTAN January 2013
^ Apple II Computer Info Page 67
^ EETimes: DAI Reorganizes for Next Stage Growth Jul 1997
^ EETimes: Cadence acquires verification tool vendor DAI Jan 1999
^ Deepchip: How Dean Drako's 1/2 billion dollar "side hobby" might change EDA August 2012
^ Bloomberg Businessweek: Boldfish Retrieved March 2013
^ Deepchip: How Dean Drako's 1/2 billion dollar "side hobby" might change EDA August 2012
^ IC Manage management page: Retrieved April 2013
^ DeepChip: Big Data analytics coming for chip design May 2014
^ DeepChip: Design and IP management metrics May 2014
^ NetworkWorld Open Source Developers Must Chart Clear Defense in the Patent Wars Nov 2007
^ EETimes: IP reuse requires both design reuse and verification reuse April 2013
^ Berkeley Innovators Fresh off of Barracuda's IPO, Dean Drako MS '88 launches Eagle Eye & talks entrepreneurship with Berkeley Innovators
^ UC Berkeley CET 2015 Dean Drako, CEO Eagle Eye Networks
^ UC Berkeley Newton Lectures Dean Drako, CEO Barracuda Networks
^ University of Michigan Center for Entrepreneurship Dean Drako Entrepreneurship Talk
^ ISPD Concept & Research to Revenue: An Entrepreneurial Story
^ Forbes 7 CEOs Reveal Lessons Learned as a Chief Executive
^ Forbes 7 CEOs Give Advice to First-Timers
^ CTAN January 2013
^ Deepchip: How Dean Drako's 1/2 billion dollar "side hobby" might change EDA August 2012
^ InformationWeek Barracuda Rolls Out Spyware-Blocking Appliance
^ IT & Security Portal Barracuda Networks Launches Barracuda Load Balancer
^ Reseller News November 2007
^ Enterprise Networking Planet: Barracuda Launches CudaTel PBX August 2009
^ SCMagazine Barracuda Networks buys NetContinuum
^ eweek Barracuda Networks Buys into Data Backup Business
^ Eweek Barracuda Networks Breaks into SSL VPN Space
^ PCWorld Backup Merger Unites Barracuda, Yosemite
^ Silicon Valley Business Journal Barracuda Networks takes controlling interest in Phion
^ Atlanta Business Chronicle Barracuda buys Purewire Inc.
^ Barracuda Open Source Community Retrieved 2012
^ Bloomberg October 2012
^ CRN Barracuda CEO Resigns
^ "Company - ICMANAGE". www.icmanage.com. Retrieved 2016-08-28. 
^ Barracuda management page: Retrieved Sept 2013
^ Venture Beat Michael Dell is funding this company to move surveillance cameras onto the cloud
^ The Wall Street Journal: Barracuda Networks Co-Founder Launches Video Surveillance Startup Jan 2014
^ MarketWatch: Startup puts video surveillance in the cloud Jan 2014
^ "Brivo acquired by Dean Drako of Eagle Eye Networks". SourceSecurity.com. 
^ ”Austin’s Dean Drako Buys Maryland-Based Security Manager Brivo for $50M,” Xconomy, June 11, 2015 [1]
^ "Leadership - Drako Motors Inc". Retrieved 2016-09-07. 
^ ”Drako Motors Debuts Company and Introduces Drako DriveOS Platform for Electric Sports Cars”[2]
^ EdWeek K-12 Dealmaking: Eagle Eye Networks CEO Acquires LivingTree
^ Austin Business Journal Austin entrepreneur buys developer of a social network for moms and dads
^ District Administration K12 family engagement company bought
^ Manufacturing Connection Swift Sensors Launches Cloud Wireless Sensor System
^ DesignNews No Programming Required: Start-Up Rolls Out Simple IoT Solution
^ Channel e2e Swift Sensors Launches Cloud-based IoT Monitoring System
^ CTAN January 2013
^ Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the year Hall of Fame: July 2007 Archived October 7, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Business Insider The 25 Best Tech Companies To Work For In 2011 Sept 2011
^ EETimes Kathryn Kranen elected chair of EDA Consortium June 2012
^ Michigan EAC Members and Term of Service Retrieved April 2013
^ Berkeley Engineering Channel Retrieved May 2014
^ Security Systems News: Goldman Sachs names Eagle Eye Networks founder one of '100 Most Intriguing Entrepreneurs of 2014' Oct 2014
^ Commencement Speaker. University of Michigan Engineering. Retrieved 2016-04-30.


External links[edit]

Brivo website
Drako Motors website
Eagle Eye Networks website
IC Manage website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dean_Drako&oldid=787949830"					
Categories: Living peopleAmerican technology company foundersBusinesspeople in softwareUniversity of Michigan alumniHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch한국어Italiano日本語Português粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 June 2017, at 15:14.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Dean Drako - Wikipedia






















 






Dean Drako

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Dean Drako



Drako at the Design Automation Conference 3 June 2013



Alma mater
University of Michigan (BS,EE 1987)
UC Berkeley (MS,EE 1988)


Occupation
Founder, CEO, Eagle Eye Networks


Board member of
Barracuda Networks, Brivo


Website
Linked in


Dean Drako is an American businessman and serial entrepreneur who has started more than five companies. Drako is best known as a co-founder, president and CEO of Barracuda Networks (NYSE Ticker CUDA)[1] from 2003 to July 2012. Drako is currently President and CEO of Eagle Eye Networks.[2] He is also an active angel investor.[3]
He graduated with a BS in Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan and an MS in Electrical Engineering from UC Berkeley.[4] As of 2013, Drako is a holder of 27 patents, including patents in network security, network protocols, digital circuits, software, biochemical processes, and sporting equipment.[5]



Contents


1 Career history

1.1 Barracuda Networks
1.2 IC Manage
1.3 Eagle Eye Networks
1.4 Brivo
1.5 Drako Motors
1.6 LivingTree
1.7 Swift Sensors


2 Awards and recognition
3 References
4 External links



Career history[edit]
In 1982, Drako founded his first company, which sold a bulletin board system software package called T-net, used to share messages via modems. Drako used the profits to fund his college education.[6][7]
In 1992, Drako founded Design Acceleration, Inc, served as its CEO,[8] and sold it to Cadence Design Systems in 1999.[9] Drako was also founder and CEO of Boldfish and Velosel;[10] Boldfish was acquired by Siebel Systems in 2003.[11] In 2003 Drako founded IC Manage,[12] where he continues to be president and CEO.[13]
Drako has written a number of articles on open source, big data, and system on chip design.[14][15][16][17]
Drako is a frequently invited speaker and contributor on the topic of entrepreneurship, including by UC Berkeley,[18][19][20] University of Michigan,[21] ISPD,[22] and Forbes.[23][24]
Barracuda Networks[edit]
Also in 2003, Drako founded Barracuda Networks and introduced their email spam and virus appliance product line.[25][26] Other Barracuda product lines launched during Drako's tenure were: web filters,[27] load balancers,[28] email archiving,[29] and digital PBXs.[30]
Drako executed six acquisitions by Barracuda Networks: In 2007, NetContinuum, an application controller company;[31] in 2008, BitLeap, a provider of cloud-based backup services,[32] and 3SP, an SSL and VPN company;[33] in 2009, Yosemite Technologies, for incremental backup of applications;[34] a controlling interest in phion AG, an Austria-based public enterprise-class firewalls company,[35] and Purewire Inc, a software as a service (SaaS) cloud-based web filtering and security company.[36]
Drako contributed to or supported 16 different open source projects while running Barracuda including Valgrind, Apache, and the Free Software Foundation.[37]
Drako resigned from Barracuda Networks in July 2012 to pursue other ventures, remaining on its board of directors. At the time of Drako’s resignation, Barracuda stated it was profitable, generating hundreds of millions in annual revenue, close to 30% year-over-year growth since inception, and had surpassed 150,000 customers.[38][39]
IC Manage[edit]
Drako also co-founded[40] IC Manage, the leader in next generation design management and big data solutions for SoC, IP, IC and software design, enabling companies to efficiently and reliably manage single and multi-site development efforts where he continues to serve as President and CEO,
Eagle Eye Networks[edit]
In July 2012, Drako founded Eagle Eye Networks, a cloud-based video security company, and serves as its President and CEO.[41][42]
In January 2014, Drako formally launched Eagle Eye Networks and introduced its cloud-managed video surveillance system. Eagle Eye’s goal was “to do for video surveillance what Dropbox did for file sharing by making video more available and far easier to use.”[43][44]
Brivo[edit]
Drako acquired Brivo,[45] a provider of cloud-based physical access control systems, in June 2015 for a reported $50 million. Brivo will sell its cloud-based access control systems along with Eagle Eye’s cloud-based security camera system, although the companies will continue to operate as separate entities.[46]
Drako Motors[edit]
Drako is co-founder[47] and CEO of Drako Motors, an electric sports car software platform provider, which on August 6, 2015 announced its first product, the Drako DriveOS, a single VCU (vehicle control unit) operating system which controls all four wheels independently. [48]
LivingTree[edit]
In December 2016, Drako acquired LivingTree, a K-12 family engagement platform provider.[49] The acquisition was described as a "multimillion-dollar investment."[50] LivingTree provides a secure, community-wide platform for educators and parents to engage, independent of language preference, and is stated to address directives set by the Every Student Succeeds Act.[51]
Swift Sensors[edit]
Drako founded Swift Sensors, a cloud-based wireless sensor company, in May 2015. In Dec 2016, Drako formally launched Swift Sensors and introduced its cloud wireless sensor system.[52] Swift Sensors’ goal is to eliminate the pain and cost of Internet of Things sensing applications by offering a unified solution that requires no programming skills or technical expertise.[53] Drako will serve as the company's Executive Chairman.[54]
Awards and recognition[edit]
In 1984, Drako won finalist in the Westinghouse Science Talent Search for his solar energy research.[55]
In 2007, Drako was named Entrepreneur of the Year for Northern California for Networking and Communications by Ernst & Young.[56]
In 2011, during Drako's tenure as CEO, Barracuda Networks was ranked #2 of the 2011 Best Tech Co's to Work For in 2011 by Business Insider.[57]
In 2012, Drako was elected to be a director of the Electronic Design Automation Consortium (EDAC) board in 2012.[58]
Since 2012 Drako has served on the University of Michigan Advisory council. [59]
In 2014, Drako was selected as Keynote speaker for UC Berkeley Engineering Week.[60]
In 2014, Goldman Sachs named Dean Drako as one of the 100 Most Intriguing Entrepreneurs of 2014.[61]
In 2016, Dean was commencement speaker at University of Michigan Engineering School.[62]
References[edit]


^ SJ Mercury News Biz Break: Barracuda Networks IPO primes pump for Twitter
^ Security Info Watch Michael Dell bankrolls Eagle Eye Networks
^ Dow Jones Serial Entrepreneur and Ex-Barracuda CEO Launches Eagle Eye Networks to Take Video to the Cloud
^ Richard Newton Distinguished Innovator Lecture Series, Dean Drako Sept 2008
^ US Patent Collection database search July 2013
^ CTAN January 2013
^ Apple II Computer Info Page 67
^ EETimes: DAI Reorganizes for Next Stage Growth Jul 1997
^ EETimes: Cadence acquires verification tool vendor DAI Jan 1999
^ Deepchip: How Dean Drako's 1/2 billion dollar "side hobby" might change EDA August 2012
^ Bloomberg Businessweek: Boldfish Retrieved March 2013
^ Deepchip: How Dean Drako's 1/2 billion dollar "side hobby" might change EDA August 2012
^ IC Manage management page: Retrieved April 2013
^ DeepChip: Big Data analytics coming for chip design May 2014
^ DeepChip: Design and IP management metrics May 2014
^ NetworkWorld Open Source Developers Must Chart Clear Defense in the Patent Wars Nov 2007
^ EETimes: IP reuse requires both design reuse and verification reuse April 2013
^ Berkeley Innovators Fresh off of Barracuda's IPO, Dean Drako MS '88 launches Eagle Eye & talks entrepreneurship with Berkeley Innovators
^ UC Berkeley CET 2015 Dean Drako, CEO Eagle Eye Networks
^ UC Berkeley Newton Lectures Dean Drako, CEO Barracuda Networks
^ University of Michigan Center for Entrepreneurship Dean Drako Entrepreneurship Talk
^ ISPD Concept & Research to Revenue: An Entrepreneurial Story
^ Forbes 7 CEOs Reveal Lessons Learned as a Chief Executive
^ Forbes 7 CEOs Give Advice to First-Timers
^ CTAN January 2013
^ Deepchip: How Dean Drako's 1/2 billion dollar "side hobby" might change EDA August 2012
^ InformationWeek Barracuda Rolls Out Spyware-Blocking Appliance
^ IT & Security Portal Barracuda Networks Launches Barracuda Load Balancer
^ Reseller News November 2007
^ Enterprise Networking Planet: Barracuda Launches CudaTel PBX August 2009
^ SCMagazine Barracuda Networks buys NetContinuum
^ eweek Barracuda Networks Buys into Data Backup Business
^ Eweek Barracuda Networks Breaks into SSL VPN Space
^ PCWorld Backup Merger Unites Barracuda, Yosemite
^ Silicon Valley Business Journal Barracuda Networks takes controlling interest in Phion
^ Atlanta Business Chronicle Barracuda buys Purewire Inc.
^ Barracuda Open Source Community Retrieved 2012
^ Bloomberg October 2012
^ CRN Barracuda CEO Resigns
^ "Company - ICMANAGE". www.icmanage.com. Retrieved 2016-08-28. 
^ Barracuda management page: Retrieved Sept 2013
^ Venture Beat Michael Dell is funding this company to move surveillance cameras onto the cloud
^ The Wall Street Journal: Barracuda Networks Co-Founder Launches Video Surveillance Startup Jan 2014
^ MarketWatch: Startup puts video surveillance in the cloud Jan 2014
^ "Brivo acquired by Dean Drako of Eagle Eye Networks". SourceSecurity.com. 
^ ”Austin’s Dean Drako Buys Maryland-Based Security Manager Brivo for $50M,” Xconomy, June 11, 2015 [1]
^ "Leadership - Drako Motors Inc". Retrieved 2016-09-07. 
^ ”Drako Motors Debuts Company and Introduces Drako DriveOS Platform for Electric Sports Cars”[2]
^ EdWeek K-12 Dealmaking: Eagle Eye Networks CEO Acquires LivingTree
^ Austin Business Journal Austin entrepreneur buys developer of a social network for moms and dads
^ District Administration K12 family engagement company bought
^ Manufacturing Connection Swift Sensors Launches Cloud Wireless Sensor System
^ DesignNews No Programming Required: Start-Up Rolls Out Simple IoT Solution
^ Channel e2e Swift Sensors Launches Cloud-based IoT Monitoring System
^ CTAN January 2013
^ Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the year Hall of Fame: July 2007 Archived October 7, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Business Insider The 25 Best Tech Companies To Work For In 2011 Sept 2011
^ EETimes Kathryn Kranen elected chair of EDA Consortium June 2012
^ Michigan EAC Members and Term of Service Retrieved April 2013
^ Berkeley Engineering Channel Retrieved May 2014
^ Security Systems News: Goldman Sachs names Eagle Eye Networks founder one of '100 Most Intriguing Entrepreneurs of 2014' Oct 2014
^ Commencement Speaker. University of Michigan Engineering. Retrieved 2016-04-30.


External links[edit]

Brivo website
Drako Motors website
Eagle Eye Networks website
IC Manage website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dean_Drako&oldid=787949830"					
Categories: Living peopleAmerican technology company foundersBusinesspeople in softwareUniversity of Michigan alumniHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch한국어Italiano日本語Português粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 June 2017, at 15:14.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 
















	
		
		
		Stock Market Research: Top Stocks, Quotes & News - Fidelity Investments
	
	





















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 












			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >













Stock Details


Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.






Stock Research & Ideas



You are here: Stock Research Center


		
		
		
		My Research 

Screen & Filter

Stock Screeners
Preset Expert Strategies

News & Insights

Events Calendar
Upgrades / Downgrades

Explore Firm Research

Research Firms
Research Firm Scorecards
Reports Search





RELATED RESOURCES

Fidelity Learning Center 
U.S. Markets
Global Markets
Sectors & Industries
















Stock Research Center

 Not a Fidelity Customer?
    No problem! Try our research for FREE without opening an account.




 














Trending Stocks



Market Movers
Top Rated by Sector
Orders by Fidelity Customers






Filters:


Refresh
Equity Summary Score


Provided by Starmine












Investing Insights



Technical Events
PROVIDED BY Recognia AS OF 07/28/2017
Methodology
RECOGNIA METHODOLOGY
Bullish and Bearish Events of the Day provide long/short trading ideas by identifying U.S. stocks that have recently formed a bullish or bearish classic chart pattern. Patterns must have taken at least 35 days to form, which draws out the more significant patterns for intermediate or long-term trend direction. The list is then filtered to include stocks with a minimum $3.00 for bullish and $5.00 for bearish close price; and, a minimum 50,000 trading volume. Most recent patterns are listed first. Patterns on the same date are sorted using Recognia's proprietary quantitative algorithm to draw strong companies to the top, and if further sorting is required (for stocks with the same quantitative analysis result) it is done by trading volume to draw highest volume stocks to the top.





VZ
Log in for Events


URBN


URBN


SYNA


LL








HP
Log in for Events


ALKS


CVRR


CVRR


ESND




Find out how to use fundamental analysis and technical analysis when evaluating stocks, with the help of the Fidelity Learning Center.






My Research – 
Organize and track your favorite securities.


				
				
				
				Get started 





Today's Events
AS OF 9:52 AM ET 07/28/2017







Earnings (106)
Dividends (40)
Splits (12)


Upgrades (121)
Downgrades (128)
Economic (3)










Upcoming Webinar Events
Visit the Learning Center Events page for a full list of upcoming webinars.
	














The Equity Summary Score is provided for informational purposes only, does not constitute advice or guidance, and is not an endorsement or recommendation for any particular security or trading strategy. The Equity Summary Score is provided by Thomson Reuters StarMine, an independent company not affiliated with Fidelity Investments.*GICS® (Global Industry Classification Standards) is an industry classification system developed by Standard & Poor's in collaboration with Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI). S&P uses GICS to determine the market segment to which a company is assigned.News, commentary (including "Related Symbols") and events are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use.Stock markets, especially foreign markets, are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Sector funds can be more volatile because of their narrow concentration in a specific industry.System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.The Fidelity Screeners are research tools provided to help self-directed investors evaluate securities. The criteria and inputs entered are at the sole discretion of the user, and all screens or strategies with preselected criteria are solely for the convenience of the user. Information supplied or obtained from the Screeners is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy or approach to screening or evaluating stocks, preferred securities, exchange traded products or closed end funds. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use. Determine which securities are right for you based on your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and other individual factors and re-evaluate them on a periodic basis.














 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 




















































	
		
		
		Unavailable - Fidelity Investments
	
	




















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 












			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >













Stock Details


Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.






Stock Research & Ideas



Stock Research Center


		
		
		
		My Research 

Screen & Filter

Stock Screeners
Preset Expert Strategies

News & Insights

Events Calendar
Upgrades / Downgrades

Explore Firm Research

Research Firms
Research Firm Scorecards
Reports Search





RELATED RESOURCES

Fidelity Learning Center 
U.S. Markets
Global Markets
Sectors & Industries













This feature is temporarily unavailable.
        






 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 

















































	
		
		
		CUDA Stock News - Fidelity
	
	




















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >












Stock Details

Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.







Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart & Technical Analysis 
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings





RELATED RESOURCES

Stock Research Overview
Stock Screeners
Markets & Sectors
Fidelity Learning Center 

















Print
|
Help/Glossary




Help/Glossary








News & Events:CUDA

BARRACUDA NETWORKS INC

23.23 -0.15 (-0.64 %)as of 9:36:33am ET 07/28/2017



			
				Quotes delayed at least 15 min.
				
				
					
					
					
					
					Log in for real time quote.





Add to Watch List
Set Alert
Hypothetical Trade
Option Chain


Price History 

Download to CSV file
Download to Excel file


















Log in for more news

Expand all| Collapse all



















                                                    Barracuda to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    4:04 PM ET 07/26/2017
                                                


CAMPBELL, Calif. KeyBanc Capital Markets Global Technology Leadership ForumDate: Monday, Aug. 7Presentation: 9:00 AM PT / 10:00 AM MTLocation: Vail, COSpeaker: BJ Jenkins, president and CEO, and Dustin Driggs, CFO. Oppenheimer Annual Technology, Internet & Communications ConferenceDate: Wednesday, Aug. 9Presentation: 10:05 AM PT / 1:05 PM ETLocation: Boston, MASpeaker: Dustin Driggs, CFO.

















                                                    New Enhancements to Barracuda Firewalls Help Drive Microsoft Azure Customer Adoption
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    9:00 AM ET 07/11/2017
                                                


CAMPBELL, Calif. and WASHINGTON, July 11, 2017 Highlights: Microsoft OMS Integration for Increased Visibility and ControlBarracuda firewalls now natively send logs to Microsoft OMS. SD-WAN Features for Enhanced Connectivity Barracuda NextGen Firewall now provides enhanced SD-WAN features to provide secure, optimized site-to-cloud connectivity.

















                                                    BRIEF-Barracuda Networks Q2 earnings per share $0.16 -$0.18
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    6:22 PM ET 07/10/2017
                                                


Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA): * Barracuda networks - sees Q2 non GAAP earnings per share $0.16 -$0.18 - conf call. * Q2 earnings per share view $0.19 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Further company coverage:

















                                                    Barracuda beats revenue expectations, matches adj. EPS forecast, but shares fall
                                                


                                                    MarketWatch – 
                                                    4:26 PM ET 07/10/2017
                                                


Shares of Barracuda Networks Inc. (CUDA) fell more than 5% late Monday after the cloud security and storage company reported fiscal first-quarter per-share earnings in line with expectations. Barracuda said it earned $2.7 million, or 5 cents a share, in the quarter, compared with $2.8 million, or 5 cents a share, in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Adjusted for one-time items, the company earned $10 million, or 18 cents a share, compared with $10.7 million, or 20 cents a share, a year ago.

















                                                    BRIEF-Barracuda reports Q1 revenue $94.2 million
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    4:10 PM ET 07/10/2017
                                                


Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA). * Barracuda reports first quarter fiscal 2018 results. * Q1 non-GAAP earnings per share $0.18. * Q1 GAAP earnings per share $0.05. * Q1 revenue $94.2 million versus I/B/E/S view $91.2 million. * Q1 earnings per share view $0.18 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. * Qtrly gross billings were $105.2 million, compared with $98.2 million in Q1 of fiscal 2017.













						                            
			                                Barracuda Q1 adj. EPS 18 cents, in line with expectations
			                            


			                                MarketWatch – 
			                                4:10 PM ET 07/10/2017
			                            












						                            
			                                Barracuda Q1 rev. $94.2 million vs expectations $91.2 million
			                            


			                                MarketWatch – 
			                                4:09 PM ET 07/10/2017
			                            












						                            
			                                Shares of Barracuda Networks down 7% after earnings
			                            


			                                MarketWatch – 
			                                4:08 PM ET 07/10/2017
			                            
















                                                    Barracuda Reports First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Results
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    4:03 PM ET 07/10/2017
                                                


CAMPBELL, Calif. First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Financial Summary The reconciliation between non-GAAP and their most closely comparable GAAP equivalent is contained in the tables below. Recent Company Highlights Conference Call Information Barracuda will host a conference call and corresponding live webcast at 1:30 p.m. PT today.

















                                                    BRIEF-Barracuda co-founder Michael Perone steps down as CMO
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    5:03 PM ET 06/30/2017
                                                


Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA). * Barracuda co-founder Michael Perone steps down as cmo, remains on board of directors. * Barracuda networks says ‍erin hintz, most recently cmo at urban airship, will join barracuda as senior vice president and chief marketing officer​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:

















                                                    Barracuda Co-Founder Michael Perone Steps Down as CMO, Remains on Board of Directors
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    4:09 PM ET 06/30/2017
                                                


CAMPBELL, Calif. Erin Hintz will join Barracuda as senior vice president and chief marketing officer, responsible for the company's market growth strategy, demand generation, communications, and corporate marketing. "Erin brings great experience in managing global brands in fast-paced, changing environments," continued Jenkins.

















                                                    Barracuda Unveils AI Solution for Real-Time Spear Phishing and Cyber Fraud Defense
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    9:00 AM ET 06/28/2017
                                                


CAMPBELL, Calif. AI for Real-Time Spear Phishing and Cyber Fraud DefenseBarracuda Sentinel is powered by a multi-layer AI engine that detects and blocks spear phishing attacks in real time and identifies which employees are at highest risk of spear phishing. "As our research shows, CEO fraud / BEC attacks are on the rise.

















                                                    Today's Research Report Coverage on Communication Equipment Stocks -- ShoreTel, Sonus Networks, ViaSat, and Barracuda Networks
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    6:30 AM ET 06/28/2017
                                                


NEW YORK, June 28, 2017 If you want a Stock Review on SHOR, SONS, VSAT or CUDA then come over to http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ and sign up for your free customized report today. http://dailystocktracker.com/register/  ShoreTel . On Tuesday, shares in Sunnyvale, California headquartered ShoreTel Inc. (SHOR) recorded a trading volume of 225,933 shares.

















                                                    New Barracuda Report Reveals Cloud Use Continuing to Grow, but Organizations are Still Unclear on Cloud Security Responsibility
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    9:00 AM ET 06/22/2017
                                                


CAMPBELL, Calif. Highlights: Barracuda Networks, Inc. (CUDA), a leading provider of cloud-enabled security and data protection solutions, today announced key findings from a new global research report, "Unlocking the Benefits of Public Cloud." "This report highlights the ongoing increase in public cloud use globally, with many organizations seeing substantial process and financial benefits.

















                                                    BRIEF-MHM Services selects Barracuda Essentials for ransomware attack prevention
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    9:35 AM ET 06/14/2017
                                                


Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA): * MHM Services streamlines IT business operations, prevents ransomware attacks with Barracuda Essentials. * Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA) - MHM Services Inc has selected Barracuda Essentials to protect its employees from advanced email threats Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:

















                                                    MHM Services Streamlines IT Business Operations, Prevents Ransomware Attacks with Barracuda Essentials
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    9:00 AM ET 06/14/2017
                                                


CAMPBELL, Calif. Advanced Threat Protection with Barracuda EssentialsBarracuda Essentials offers multi-level security including Advanced Threat Protection, which protects against ransomware and phishing attacks, and Link Protection, which protects against typosquatting and malformed URLs.

















                                                    Barracuda Sets Date to Announce First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Financial Results
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    8:30 AM ET 06/08/2017
                                                


CAMPBELL, Calif. About Barracuda Networks (CUDA), Inc.Barracuda simplifies IT with cloud-enabled solutions that empower customers to protect their networks, applications and data, regardless of where they reside. Barracuda Networks (CUDA), Barracuda, and the Barracuda Networks (CUDA) logo are registered trademarks of Barracuda Networks, Inc. (CUDA) in the US and other countries.

















                                                    Barracuda Expands Offerings to Enable Increased MSP Efficiency
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    9:00 AM ET 06/06/2017
                                                


CAMPBELL, Calif. said Brian Babineau, General Manager, MSP Solutions, at Barracuda. Dylan Minter of Nardi Minter Consulting has already successfully tapped into the new Managed Firewall services to bring expanded security offerings to customers.

















                                                    Barracuda Releases Free Public Cloud Network and Application Security Solutions for AWS and Azure to Help Accelerate Cloud Migrations
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    9:00 AM ET 05/24/2017
                                                


CAMPBELL, Calif. said Michael Hughes, senior vice president of worldwide sales at Barracuda. Removing Barriers to Cloud MigrationBarracuda's Cloud Ready program helps IT buyers secure their new or existing workloads in both AWS and Azure at no charge for 90 days.

















                                                    Communication Equipment Stocks Under Scanner -- Harmonic, ShoreTel, ViaSat, and Barracuda Networks
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    6:50 AM ET 05/24/2017
                                                


NEW YORK, May 24, 2017 On Tuesday, May 23, 2017, the NASDAQ Composite ended the trading session at 6,138.71, up 0.08%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average edged 0.21% higher, to finish at 20,937.91; and the S&P 500 closed at 2,398.42, slightly advancing 0.18%. Gains were broad based as five out of nine sectors ended the day in positive. http://stock-callers.com/registration.












Page: 


Page 1
|
Next >






Today's and Upcoming Events




Aug
10


Shareholders Meeting








Oct
10


CUDA to announce Q2 earnings After Market (Unconfirmed)









Past Events (last 90 days)

No events in the past 90 days




Data provided by Wall Street Horizon, Inc. © 2017

Technical Events

Classic Patterns (past 90 days)
PROVIDED BY RECOGNIA, INC.

Log in for trading events

View All Technical Analysis in Advanced Chart 



Technical Analysis
PROVIDED BY TRADING CENTRAL

Log in for trading events












As with all your investments through Fidelity, you must make your own determination whether an investment is appropriate for you.  Fidelity is not recommending or endorsing this security by making it available to customers.  You should conduct research and perform a thorough investigation as to the characteristics of any securities you intend to purchase.  Before investing, you should read the prospectus, offering circular, indenture, or similar document carefully for a full description of the product, including its features and risks, to determine whether it is an appropriate investment for your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and other individual factors, and be sure to re-evaluate those factors on a periodic basis.Performance data shown represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.  Yield and return will vary, therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments.  Growth stocks can be more volatile than other types of stocks.  Value stocks can continue to be undervalued by the market for long periods of time.  Foreign securities are subject to interest-rate, currency-exchange-rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.  Illiquidity is an inherent risk associated with investing in real estate and REITs.  There is no guarantee the issuer of a REIT will maintain the secondary market for its shares and redemptions may be at a price which is more or less than the original price paid.  Closed-end funds can trade at a discount to their NAV.  Shareholders of Master Limited Partnerships may be treated as partners for tax purposes.  Partnerships issue a Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) rather than a Form 1099 form for tax purposes. It lists the partner's share of income, deductions, credits, etc.  Speak with your tax advisor to determine how this may affect you.  A royalty trust is a type of corporation, mostly in the United States or Canada, usually involved in oil and gas production or mining.  Royalty trusts may have special tax treatment, so you should consult a tax advisor on the potential tax consequences of investing in them.News, commentary and events are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content.  Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use.Any data, charts and other information provided on this page are intended for research purposes to help self-directed investors evaluate many types of securities including, but not limited to common stocks, American Depository Receipts, Master Limited Partnerships, real estate investment trusts. traditional preferred stock, trust preferred securities, third-party trust certificates, convertible securities, mandatory convertible securities and other exchange-traded equity and/or debt securities.  Criteria and inputs entered, including the choice to make security comparisons, are at the sole discretion of the user and are solely for the convenience of the user.  Analyst opinions, ratings and reports are provided by third-parties unaffiliated with Fidelity.  All information supplied or obtained from this page is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell a security, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy.  Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating individual securities. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.462499.6.0








 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 








































See the Latest Features





PersonalizedGet relevant information about your holdings right when you need it.See Your Performance Click the portfolio icon to get information about stocks you own without leaving the research page.Faster Access to Positions A shortcut to view the full list of positions in your portfolio? Yes, please! Use the ticker search box.Add Your Own Notes Use Notebook to save your investment ideas in one convenient, private, and secure place.





Convenient For YouResearch that's clear, accessible, and all in one place makes for a better experience.One-Stop Shop See everything you need to make investment decisions right in the dashboard.Access Anywhere No matter where you are, use the Stock Research experience across multiple devices.New Ideas, On the Ready Find new ideas using quick links to the Stock Screener.





New Ways to ResearchDiscover new tools to add or diversify your existing research strategy.StockTwits Read live tweets from the financial and investing community about the stock you're interested in.Fundamental Analysis Save time on research by getting an overall assessment of a company's valuation, quality, growth stability, and financial health.Recognia Technical Analysis Perfect for the technical trader—this indicator captures a stock's technical events and converts them into short, medium, and long-term sentiment.Top Competitors See how a stock measures up by instantly comparing it to the industry average and its top four competitors.Social Sentiment Get a sense of people's overall feelings towards a company in social media with this summary tool.Earnings Data Monitor earnings expectations over the past three quarters and model a stock's price based on its P/E.










DRAKO DEAN M Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      DRAKO DEAN M
                    

•   CAMPBELL, CA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Drako Dean M is based out of Campbell.    WhaleWisdom has at least 4 13D/G filings in our database for Drako Dean M.
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from DRAKO DEAN M, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




drako dean m


C/O BARRACUDA NETWORKS INC

CAMPBELL
CA
                                                        
                                                    95008









Recent SEC Filings




4/A filed on 04/06/2017
SC 13G/A filed on 02/14/2017
4/A filed on 02/03/2017
4/A filed on 02/03/2017
4/A filed on 02/03/2017
4 filed on 02/01/2017
4 filed on 01/27/2017
4 filed on 01/24/2017
4/A filed on 01/24/2017
4 filed on 01/19/2017











Current 13D/G Holdings


Stock
Sector
Shares Held
Market Value
Rank
Source
Source Date





BARRACUDA NETWORKS INC (CUDA)


      INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
    

      6,051,340
    

      129,680,216.20
    

      1
    

      13G
    

      2016-12-31
    











Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free























Drako, Dean - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































Dean  Drako
DEAN DRAKO, President and CEO, brings to Barracuda Networks a successful
history in building companies and products. As President & CEO, Dean is
responsible for Barracuda’s overall strategic direction. Prior to co-
founding Barracuda Networks, Dean was founder, President and CEO of
Velosel Corporation, a leader in product information management. Prior
to Velosel, Dean founded Boldfish  provider of enterprise messaging
solutions. Dean was also founder, President and CEO of Design
Acceleration, Inc. (now a part of Cadence Design Systems), maker of the
popular SignalScan, a suite of design analysis and verification tools.
Holder of over 16 patents in various disciplines, Dean has served as
entrepreneur in residence at SoftBank Venture Capital and VP Engineering
at the 3DO Company. Dean is a frequent speaker at industry events,
including INBOX: The Email Event and NGN Conference. Dean holds a BS in
Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor and a
MS in Electrical Engineering from the University of California,
Berkeley.
Related Interviews:Dean Drako - Barracuda NetworksMay 03, 2005







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












