

	DREAM PAYMENTS Trademark of Dream Payments Corp.. Serial Number: 86445939 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
DREAM PAYMENTS










 
Get FREE email alerts













DREAM PAYMENTS  Trademark Information
 Dream Payments Corp.
Mobile electronic payment processing terminals; computer software for processing mobile payments; point of sale terminals; mobile point of sale terminals; electronic devices for secure payment processing
Mobile payment processing services in the field of credit card, debit card, contactless, and mobile wallet payments




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
mobile   electronic   payment   processing   terminals   software   processing   mobile   payments   point   sale   terminals   mobile   point   sale   terminals   electronic   devices   secure   payment   processing    
                                    




This is a brand page for the DREAM PAYMENTS trademark by Dream Payments Corp. 
                                in Toronto, Ontario, , M2P1N6.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this DREAM PAYMENTS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Dream Payments Corp. of the DREAM PAYMENTS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the DREAM PAYMENTS trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, November 05, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        DREAM PAYMENTS by 
                        Dream Payments Corp., Toronto, Ontario M2P1N6.
                        The USPTO has given the DREAM PAYMENTS 
                        trademark serial  number of  86445939.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is NON-FINAL OFFICE ACTION ISSUED - CLARIFICATION NEEDED.
                        The correspondent listed for DREAM PAYMENTS is 
                        
                        
                                            MONICA B. RICHMAN of 
                                            DENTONS US LLP,  PO BOX 61080, CHICAGO, IL 60606-1080 
                                .
                            The DREAM PAYMENTS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                , 
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for DREAM PAYMENTS 
                            is Mobile electronic payment processing terminals; computer software for processing mobile payments; point of sale terminals; mobile point of sale terminals; electronic devices for secure payment processing. 
                            





Word mark:
 DREAM PAYMENTS


  Status/Status Date:  


NON-FINAL OFFICE ACTION ISSUED - CLARIFICATION NEEDED

3/27/2017

Estimated Response Deadline: 9/27/2017See Trademark response services




  Serial Number:  
86445939


  Filing Date:  
11/5/2014


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Mobile electronic payment processing terminals; computer software for processing mobile payments; point of sale terminals; mobile point of sale terminals; electronic devices for secure payment processing


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Dream Payments Corp.Toronto, Ontario M2P1N6
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("PAYMENTS")


 Correspondent:


MONICA B. RICHMAN
DENTONS US LLP
PO BOX 61080
CHICAGO, IL 60606-1080






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your DREAM PAYMENTS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/27/2017
NON-FINAL OFFICE ACTION ISSUED - CLARIFICATION NEEDED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



MONICA B. RICHMAN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of DREAM PAYMENTS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search dreampayments on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for DREAM PAYMENTS 




DREAM PAYMENTS is providing Mobile electronic payment processing terminals; computer software for processing mobile payments; point of sale terminals; mobile point of sale terminals; electronic devices for secure payment processing.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















  Product Support                             Skip to Content             English Français         Product Support   1-877-260-2558                           FAQ  What do I need in order to start taking Debit and Credit card payments? Device Requirements Supported Payment Types What Fees Will I Pay? Am I Eligible For an Account? Customer Service (24 hrs) More...    Getting Started  Installing The App Creating an Account Sign up For Debit And Credit Services Supported Payment Types Setting up Sales Taxes Adding a Product to The Catalog    Using the Card Reader  My card reader is not responding or powering on. What can I do? Updating the Card Reader Software Connecting a Card Reader (Android Phones) Connecting a Card Reader (iOS) Setting up Tips    Using the Mobile App  Overview Sign in Making a Sale Refunds    Using the Web Dashboard  Web Dashboard Overview Review Deposits Supported Browsers    Configure Your Account  Adding Banking Details Communication Preferences Chargebacks                           

Dream Payments Corp.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:54 AM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Dream Payments Corp.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Dream Payments Corp. provides a cloud based mobile point of sale solution for customers in Canada. It offers mobile debit and credit card processing solutions; and Dream MPOS devices that accept Interac debit cards, credit cards, cash, and contact and contactless cards. The company also provides a mobile application that is used to run the business on a smartphone/tablet, contains a catalogue of products and services, and issues receipts and processes returns. In addition, it offers reporting and analytics solutions that provide real time view on how the business is transacting. The company sells its products through stores, as well as online. Dream Payments Corp. was incorporated in 2014 an...
Dream Payments Corp. provides a cloud based mobile point of sale solution for customers in Canada. It offers mobile debit and credit card processing solutions; and Dream MPOS devices that accept Interac debit cards, credit cards, cash, and contact and contactless cards. The company also provides a mobile application that is used to run the business on a smartphone/tablet, contains a catalogue of products and services, and issues receipts and processes returns. In addition, it offers reporting and analytics solutions that provide real time view on how the business is transacting. The company sells its products through stores, as well as online. Dream Payments Corp. was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Toronto, Canada with an additional office in Moncton, Canada.
Detailed Description


171 East Liberty StreetUnit 253Toronto, ON M6K 3P6CanadaFounded in 2014



Phone: 416-588-7999

www.dreampayments.com







Key Executives for Dream Payments Corp.




Mr. Brent Ho-Young


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Alex Walker


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 51
        







Mr. Anant Tailor


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Jordan E. Cohen


      	Chief Commercial Officer
      








Mrs. Priya Sirwani


      	Chief Information Security Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Dream Payments Corp. Key Developments

Dream Payments Opens its First Centre of Excellence Outside of Toronto in Moncton, New Brunswick
Jul 14 17
Dream Payments has opened its first Centre of Excellence outside of Toronto in Moncton, New Brunswick. The new office will provide support to Dream's rapid growth in both the Canadian and US markets. The office will house majority of Dream's technical team, such as existing senior employees who have relocated to Canada from offices in Russia and Vietnam. Leveraging its secure payments cloud and device management platform, Dream Payments provides businesses of all types and sizes unique mobile point-of-sale (POS) solutions.


Dream Payments Announces Executive Changes
Apr 7 16
Dream Payments announced executive appointments that will strengthen its leadership team and support the company through its next stages of growth. Jordan Cohen, former President of Global Payments Canada, joins Dream as the company's Chief Commercial Officer; fintech executive Christian Ali formerly of SecureKey and EnStream has been appointed Chief Marketing Officer; and Priya Sirwani former head of Cyber Security Assurance at Emirates, has been appointed Chief Information Security Officer. In her role as Chief Information Security Officer, Mrs. Sirwani is responsible for providing oversight to Dream's information security, privacy, risk management, and compliance programs.


Dream Payments to Showcase Next Generation EMV and Contactless Mobile Point of Sale Solutions
Jan 15 16
Dream Payments (Dream) announced it will be unveiling new EMV MPOS business solutions at Retail's BIG Show 2016. Dream provides mobile point-of-sale applications and payment acceptance solutions that allow merchants to manage their businesses conveniently and from anywhere their business goes.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 0969607 B.C. Ltd. Americas 20 Year Media Corp. Americas 2000 New Commerce Inc Americas 2336414 Ontario Inc. Americas 2ndsite, Inc. Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      March 8, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      November 23, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Dream Payments Corp., please visit www.dreampayments.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017










Dream Payments Reviews - CB Insights


























×
Name your new list


Come up with a name for your new list and we'll add  to it:




Cancel
Create list

 








Customers


Case Studies & Testimonials




All 68 testimonials




Deal Makers

Venture Capital
Corporate Development / M&A
Corporate Venture Capital
Sales & Business Development
Investment Banks
Wealth Management
Growth Equity Investors



Strategy / Product

Corporate Strategy
Corporate Innovation
Competitive Intelligence
Strategy Consulting
Product Development





Advisors / Consulting

Investment Banks
Lawyers
Strategy Consulting



Non-profits

Universities
Economic Development






Platform

Venture Capital Database

Insights & Company Intel

Business Social Graph

Mosaic Rating

Company Mosaic
Investor Mosaic
Market Mosaic



Analytics & Data Viz

Industry Analytics
Investor Analytics
Geo Analytics





Venture Capital and M&A/IPO Data

Deal Feeds & Alerts



Productivity Tools

Chrome browser plugin
Mobile app





Services

On-Demand Research
Custom Content / Marketing Services
Expert By CB Insights


Research

Get our newsletter (145K+ have it)
Reports
Webinars
Research blog
Insurance Tech blog


The Company

About Us
Press
We're hiring
Team Blog


Pricing
Try us for free
Log in





Login


Try us for free


Customers




Case studies & testimonials




Read all 68 testimonials



Deal Makers

Venture Capital Firms
Corporate Venture
Corporate Development / M&A
Growth Equity Investors
Investment Banks
Wealth Management

Advisors / Consulting

Law firms
Strategy Consulting



Strategy / Product

Strategy Consulting
Corporate Strategy
Corporate Innovation
Competitive Intelligence
Product Development
Sales and Business Development

Non-profits

Universities
Economic Development Organizations







Platform





Insights & Company Intel





Business Social Graph








Mosaic Rating

Company Mosaic
Investor Mosaic
Market Mosaic






Venture Capital and M&A/IPO Data

Venture Capital Database
Private Company Valuations & Multiples





Analytics & Data Viz

Industry Analytics
Investor Analytics
Geo Analytics






Productivity Tools






Chrome browser plugin











Mobile app













Services



On-Demand Research
Custom Content / Marketing Services
Expert By CB Insights




Research



Get our newsletter (145K+ have it)
Reports
Webinars
Research blog
Insurance Tech blog




The Company



About Us
Press
We're hiring
Team Blog




Pricing











Already a member? Click here to login  
	              Close



 


 Dream Payments 
dreampayments.com



Download PDF
Follow






					Public list:					
fin tech ( fintech ) (6472) Mobile World Congress 2016 (566) 






Dashboard
Performance
Jobs
Financing
Board
Competitors
Patents








							Dream Payments is a financial technology company that enables financial institutions to quickly create and deliver mobile financial services to business customers. Dream connects financial institutions, merchant acquirers, retailers and value-added apps to deliver services that meet the demands of today's businesses. Dream's turnkey solution includes mobile point-of-sale (POS) applications, payment terminals, remote device management, customer onboarding and secure payment processing. Dream is t...Show all 

							Dream Payments is a financial technology company that enables financial institutions to quickly create and deliver mobile financial services to business customers. Dream connects financial institutions, merchant acquirers, retailers and value-added a...Show all 
Company (Alive / Active)



All investors data
7 Investors

Blue Sky CapitalConnecticut InnovationsFairVenturesReal VenturesRouge River Capital 



Phone: 877-260-2558
Fax: 



										171 East Liberty Street										Unit 253 

										Toronto, 										M6K 3P6 

										Ontario, 										Canada 







Latest News








See all 0  articles





See more competitors data Competitors




Total Funding
Date of Last Funding




Dream Payments


													$14.2M												



													Mar 8, 2017												




See all 0  competitors














Web Traffic

Rank


Show
(-10)


Engagement (PVPU)


Show
(+1%)


Domain Authority Score
Show
Page Views Per Million (PVPM)
Show
Reach Per Million
Show




Rank
Page Views Per User (PVPU)
Page Views Per Million (PVPM)
Reach Per Million (RPM)




1W
1M
6M
1Y




  





1W
1M
6M
1Y




  





1W
1M
6M
1Y










1W
1M
6M
1Y










 


SEO Statistics




Domain Authority Score
Show


Page Authority Score
Show


No. External Links
Show


No. Links
Show






Web Traffic Statistics - Growth





Per Week
Per Month
Per 6 Months
Per Year




Rank
 Login to see details


Page Views Per Million
 Login to see details


Page Views Per User
 Login to see details


Reach Per Million
 Login to see details












Related Dream Payments Jobs

jobs by 






						There is no Financing data available for this company. Please select another tab.
					

Investors




Investor
Investor Type
Location
Participating Rounds








								See all 7  investors
							







						There is no Board of Directors data available for this company. Please select another tab.
					



								Board Members
							




Name
Firm



Login to see detailsReal Ventures 









						There is no Competitors data available for this company. Please select another tab.
					



								Competitors
							




Company
Status
Description
Investors






See all 0  competitors







Patents



Title
Application Date
Patent Date
Status (Patent / Application)









 

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Dream Payments Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























dream payments corp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Dream Payments Corporation provides terminals that allow clients to accept cash, credit, and debit card payments through their tablets and mobile devices. The Company provides merchants with a cloud based commerce solution to streamline payment processing anytime, anywhere, as well as offers a software platform for merchant acquirers.




Corporate Information
Address:

171 E Liberty Street
Toronto, ON M6K 3P6
Canada


Phone:
1-416-588-7999


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.dreampayments.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































   Mobile Debit & Credit Card Processing | Dream Payments                                          Skip to Content                 Web Content Display  Web Content Display                SELL ANYWHERE. Accept Interac® Debit and Credit Card Payments Anywhere!      $  99      .99     Available Online or at Telus Dealers         BUY NOW                      Web Content Display  Web Content Display                    Dream Anywhere Finally! Your business can easily accept Interac Debit Cards, possibly Canada's favourite way to pay! Dream also accepts contactless and Chip & PIN credit cards, and even cash. Now your business can easily offer customers the same payment choices as large retailers!    How Dream Payments Works    Getting Paid Has Never Been Easier   Download Download the Dream app for Apple or Android     Register Register your account online or via the mobile app.     Activate Activate your account and device     Get Paid Start selling and get paid today   Order Now. Start accepting payments the easy way!     No Monthly Fees, No Setup Fees and NO CONTRACTS Your only costs are transaction fees.   ONE TIME COST Regular:$139.99  Where to buy   FEES No Monthly Fees, No Setup Fees and NO CONTRACT       What if insurance could comfort you like your morning coffee? Get Started  Easy accounting software. No experience required.   Get Started    Buy Online Now  How It Works                                                 About Dream Payments                                              Skip to Content              About Dream                                     Meet the Team. Dream Payments enables merchants to sell everywhere using mobile devices. Dream’s cloud-based payment platform combined with its mobile point of sale device allows merchants to accept credit and debit cards, access rich analytics and reports, and provide digital receipts to customers. Dream’s solutions are secure, EMV compliant, and accept Contactless and Chip payment cards. The company is head-quartered in Liberty Village, Toronto, Canada.       Brent Ho-Young  CEO Brent is the Chief Executive Officer for Dream Payments responsible for the development and execution of Dream Payments short and long-term strategy as well as for all day–to-day management decisions and business development. Prior to Dream, Brent co-founded DonRiver Inc., a technology consulting software development firm that has specialized in mobile payment solutions and has expanded to 8 countries since 2006. Prior to DonRiver, Brent served as a technology consultant for a global management and technology consulting firm where he defined and implemented operational software solutions for Tier 1 mobile operators. Brent is also an active investor in and advisor to Canadian mobility focused startups including Kili Technologies, Bubl Technology, and Smile Telecom. Brent holds a bachelor degree in Engineering and Management from McMaster University and was a former president of the Harvard Business School' Summer Venture in Management Program’s alumni association.   Alex Walker  CFO Alex is the Chief Commercial Officer for Dream Payments responsible for managing all commercial and financial aspect of the business. Alex is also the Co-CEO of Kili Technology Corporation as well as Managing Partner of Rouge River Capital. From May 2008 to May 2013, Alex was the Director, Chairman, President and CEO at SMTC, a global Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) provider. Prior to that, Alex was the President at Ecosystem, a Design-Build firm specializing in energy efficiency. He has also held C-level positions at Blackmore Partners, Cube Route, and Abridean. He has a strong background in strategy, business development, capital raising and acquisitions. Alex has also served on the boards of directors of several private and public technology companies. Alex received his MBA from the University of Chicago and earned his Engineering Degree from Queen’s University.   Long Van  CTO Long is the Chief Technology Officer for Dream Payments responsible for the development and delivery of the end-to-end enterprise mobile payment solution. Long Van has amassed a comprehensive knowledge of enterprise-wide business integration initiatives in the telecommunication and financial communities through thirteen years of experience in these industries.  Long also holds the role of Chief Technology Officer at DonRiver, where he focuses on the architecture and implementation of mobile financial service initiatives for numerous clients and holds the position of mobile financial services solution architect. Prior to joining DonRiver in 2006, Long served as an enterprise application integration technology consultant for various top-tier global management and consulting firms, including Accenture, Deloitte and CGI, where he concentrated on business and systems integration within the communications sector.  Long earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial Engineering from the University of Toronto in Ontario, Canada. In addition to his undergraduate education, Long received a diploma in Information Technology Management from the Canadian Information Technology College in Toronto.     Anant Tailor  COO Anant is the Chief Operating Officer at Dream Payments where he is responsible for the daily operations of the company including product management; go to market strategy and all customer engagements and delivery. Anant is also the Chief Operating Officer and Director of Client Services for DonRiver’s Mobile Financial Services practice. Anant has deep expertise and knowledge of the digital financial services eco–system and has successfully delivered strategic solutions for DonRiver clients around the world. Anant is also a co-founder and Director of Mobile Money Canada, the country’s leading event focused exclusively on building and showcasing the Canada’s surging mobile money industry. Prior to joining DonRiver, Anant held the position of Senior Manager at global management and technology consulting firm, where he worked with Telecom Operators around the world to integrate and deliver Service Fulfillment and Network Management solutions. Anant is a Professional Engineer with a Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering from McMaster University.   Chad Whittaker  CIO     Jordan Cohen  CCO        Christian Ali  CMO        Brent Ho-Young  CEO Brent is the Chief Executive Officer for Dream Payments responsible for the development and execution of Dream Payments short and long-term strategy as well as for all day–to-day management decisions and business development. Prior to Dream, Brent co-founded DonRiver Inc., a technology consulting software development firm that has specialized in mobile payment solutions and has expanded to 8 countries since 2006. Prior to DonRiver, Brent served as a technology consultant for a global management and technology consulting firm where he defined and implemented operational software solutions for Tier 1 mobile operators. Brent is also an active investor in and advisor to Canadian mobility focused startups including Kili Technologies, Bubl Technology, and Smile Telecom. Brent holds a bachelor degree in Engineering and Management from McMaster University and was a former president of the Harvard Business School' Summer Venture in Management Program’s alumni association.   Alex Walker  CFO Alex is the Chief Commercial Officer for Dream Payments responsible for managing all commercial and financial aspect of the business. Alex is also the Co-CEO of Kili Technology Corporation as well as Managing Partner of Rouge River Capital. From May 2008 to May 2013, Alex was the Director, Chairman, President and CEO at SMTC, a global Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) provider. Prior to that, Alex was the President at Ecosystem, a Design-Build firm specializing in energy efficiency. He has also held C-level positions at Blackmore Partners, Cube Route, and Abridean. He has a strong background in strategy, business development, capital raising and acquisitions. Alex has also served on the boards of directors of several private and public technology companies. Alex received his MBA from the University of Chicago and earned his Engineering Degree from Queen’s University.   Long Van  CTO Long is the Chief Technology Officer for Dream Payments responsible for the development and delivery of the end-to-end enterprise mobile payment solution. Long Van has amassed a comprehensive knowledge of enterprise-wide business integration initiatives in the telecommunication and financial communities through thirteen years of experience in these industries.  Long also holds the role of Chief Technology Officer at DonRiver, where he focuses on the architecture and implementation of mobile financial service initiatives for numerous clients and holds the position of mobile financial services solution architect. Prior to joining DonRiver in 2006, Long served as an enterprise application integration technology consultant for various top-tier global management and consulting firms, including Accenture, Deloitte and CGI, where he concentrated on business and systems integration within the communications sector.  Long earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial Engineering from the University of Toronto in Ontario, Canada. In addition to his undergraduate education, Long received a diploma in Information Technology Management from the Canadian Information Technology College in Toronto.   Anant Tailor  COO Anant is the Chief Operating Officer at Dream Payments where he is responsible for the daily operations of the company including product management; go to market strategy and all customer engagements and delivery. Anant is also the Chief Operating Officer and Director of Client Services for DonRiver’s Mobile Financial Services practice. Anant has deep expertise and knowledge of the digital financial services eco–system and has successfully delivered strategic solutions for DonRiver clients around the world. Anant is also a co-founder and Director of Mobile Money Canada, the country’s leading event focused exclusively on building and showcasing the Canada’s surging mobile money industry. Prior to joining DonRiver, Anant held the position of Senior Manager at global management and technology consulting firm, where he worked with Telecom Operators around the world to integrate and deliver Service Fulfillment and Network Management solutions. Anant is a Professional Engineer with a Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering from McMaster University.   Chad Whittaker  CIO     Jordan Cohen  CCO      Christian Ali  CMO                                                  Work at Dream Payments                                           Skip to Content              Careers                                    DreamJob  DreamJob          Working at Dream Payments.   Our employees put us at the forefront of the industry! At Dream Payments we are committed to building secure and innovative mobile commerce solutions for merchants. Let's grow and succeed together! Dream Payments offers exciting opportunities for you to achieve success and perform at your best. Become part of our growing team where you will be positioned to work with leading edge mobile commerce solutions. Dream Payments is currently looking for motivated, intelligent professionals who enjoy creative work and who are capable of rising to the top of their professions. Our employees work in a collaborative environment where teamwork, learning, and dedication are essential keys to success.   Your ideal position not listed? Send us your resume anyway to [email protected]  and we will keep you posted as new relevant jobs come up.       Open Positions                                             Legal                                        Skip to Content                           DreamPaymentsLegal  DreamPaymentsLegal             End User License Agreement Debit Merchant Services Agreement   Credit Merchant Services Agreement Preauthorized Debit Agreement         End User License Agreement         The following terms and conditions (as amended from time to time, the "License") constitute a legal agreement between you ("you" or "your") and Dream Payments Corp., 171 East Liberty St., Suite 201, Toronto, ON, M6K 3P6 ("DREAM", "we", "us" or "our") governing your use of the DREAM card processing application ( the "App") on your mobile device (the "Mobile Device"). It is important that you read and understand this License. By clicking the "I agree" button or by using the App, you are taken to have read and agreed to the terms and conditions of this License. If, at any time, you do not agree with this License, you must not use the App. This License will apply every time you use the App. The term "use" when used in respect of the App will mean access or use. PRIVACY NOTICE AND CONSENTS  For the purposes of providing the Mobile Card Processing Solution (as defined below), DREAM will collect through the App certain information, including your contact information, your Mobile Device identification number (IMEI), geo-location (if enabled on your Mobile Device), Integrated Circuit Card Identifier (ICCID) which identifies your SIM card, IP address, and other information arising from your use of the Mobile Card Processing Solution, (collectively called "Information"). You consent to DREAM’s collection, storage, use, disclosure and other handling of your personal information in accordance with our privacy policy located at [www.dreampayments.com/privacy]. You consent to the installation of the App and to any future updates/upgrades for the purposes of providing the App and improving its functionality. If you do not want automatic updates to the App, please adjust the software settings to disable automatic updates. In some cases, you may be entitled to assistance with removing an update if it did not comply with legal requirements. You may also withdraw your consent at any time by deleting or uninstalling this App. By using the App, you agree that DREAM will collect your Information as described above and in the DREAM privacy policy. Without limiting the foregoing, you acknowledge that DREAM and its authorized service providers may access and use Information which was previously loaded to your Mobile Device in order for DREAM to be able to provide you with the Mobile Card Processing Solution.  INFORMATION ABOUT THE MOBILE CARD PROCESSING SOLUTION  The combination of: (a) a secure card reader, PIN-entry device and related software (collectively, the "Card Reader", which may also be referred to in this License or in other agreements or documentation as the "SPED" or the "Terminal"); and (b) the App; ((a) and (b) together are referred to in this License as the "Mobile Card Processing Solution") may be used to accept credit cards and debit cards (each, a "Payment Card") for the sale of goods and services you offer to your customers in Canada, can also be used for tracking cash payments, and other functions and features that are or may be part of the App from time to time. The App may only be used in Canada. You represent and warrant to us that you are a legal resident of Canada or a business entity authorized to carry on business in the Canadian provincial or territorial jurisdiction in which the business entity operates. You agree to abide by any Canadian and U.S. export legal restrictions that apply to the App. We may suspend, cancel or block your access to or use of the Mobile Card Processing Solution at any time and for any reason, without notice or any liability to you. You may use the Mobile Card Processing Solution only to the extent that you comply with this License and all applicable laws, rules and regulations. You will not act as a payment intermediary, aggregator or service bureau or otherwise resell any services we provide to you (including payment processing services). You acknowledge that the acceptance of Payment Cards will be subject to additional separate agreements.  CARE AND CONTROL OF THE APP AND USER INFORMATION  You are responsible for the care and control of, and will take all reasonable steps to safeguard and protect against unauthorized use of, the App and any user identification credentials we may issue to you in connection with your use of the App, including user names, passwords, PINs, passcodes, and if applicable, verification questions and answers used to access the App (collectively called "User Information"). You will:  be responsible for the security of your Mobile Device; not allow others to use the App on your Mobile Device; keep a lock screen or passcode lock on your Mobile Device at all times; keep your User Information separate from your Mobile Device; keep your User Information strictly confidential and not share it with anyone; take all reasonable precautions to ensure that no one finds out your User Information, including while you key in User Information on your Mobile Device or on the web portal; avoid device locks and User Information that may be easily determined by others, such as birthdays, phone numbers, age, etc.; and ensure that User Information is unique.    LOST, STOLEN OR MISUSED CARD READER  If you know or suspect that your Card Reader is lost or has been stolen, that another person has accessed your Card Reader without your permission, or that any of your User Information has become known to another person, you must deactivate your Card Reader by contacting DREAM as set out in Section 19 below.  DISPOSING OF YOUR MOBILE DEVICE  Before you sell, give away, or dispose of your Mobile Device, you must delete the App from your Mobile Device.  RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR MOBILE DEVICE AND TO YOUR MOBILE DEVICE PROVIDER  You are solely responsible for: (a) obtaining any wireless or Internet access you need to use the Mobile Card Processing Solution; (b) complying with the terms of all third party agreements that apply when using the Mobile Card Processing Solution, including, but not limited to, the wireless data service agreement of your wireless services carrier; and (c) any fees or other charges imposed by your Mobile Device provider, wireless services carrier or Internet service provider. It is your responsibility to determine if your Mobile Device provider, wireless services carrier or Internet service provider supports the Mobile Card Processing Solution requirements [www.dreampayments.com/requirements] or if your Mobile Device is capable of accessing the Internet. Modifying a Mobile Device contrary to the manufacturer’s software or hardware guidelines may render the Mobile Device incompatible with the Mobile Card Processing Solution. DREAM does not warrant that the Mobile Card Processing Solution will be compatible with your Mobile Device or with the services provided by any third party carrier. You acknowledge that aspects of the Mobile Card Processing Solution run on public telecommunications networks and that this may impede the performance and your use of the Mobile Card Processing Solution.  INSTALLING AND USING MODIFICATIONS TO THE APP  If we upgrade, update or modify the App (including bug fixes, patches or new versions provided to you, the "Modifications"), you may be required to promptly install and use the Modifications for you to be able to continue to access and use the App. DREAM may provide you with notice of the Modifications. However, if the Modifications are for the proper functioning of the App, or safety or security of the App or any systems or networks, DREAM may not provide you with notice. DREAM is under no obligation to make Modifications.  QUICKBOOKS® ONLINE  If you have a merchant account, you may also connect information in your Dream Payments account with your QuickBooks® Online account through the use of QuickBooks® Online synchronization services. You are responsible for separately purchasing QuickBooks® Online. QuickBooks is a registered trademark of Intuit, Inc. Dream Payments makes no representations and warranties and accepts no liability for QuickBooks® Online software and services or your use of that software or those services. Your use of QuickBooks® Online is governed by the terms of service you enter into with Intuit, Inc.? If you connect QuickBooks® Online with Dream Payments, you authorize Dream Payments to connect to your QuickBooks® Online account to transfer information between your Dream Payments and QuickBooks® Online accounts to provide synchronization services and you agree that paragraphs 15 and 16 of this License apply to your use of those synchronization services.  LICENSE GRANT  You are granted a limited, revocable, non-transferable, non-exclusive license during the term of this License to download, install and use the App on a Mobile Device. The App is licensed, not sold, to you. You must not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the App. You agree that DREAM and its licensors retain all right, title and interest in and to the App. You may not copy (except as permitted by this License), decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of, the App or any part of it. Any attempt to do so is a violation of this License. You agree to comply with any other requirements, restrictions or limitations provided by DREAM upon notice to you. You further agree to comply with any requirements, restrictions or limitations provided by a third party (including applicable Payment Card networks, the app store provider, your Mobile Device provider or your wireless services carrier) relating to your use of the App.  INDEMNITY  You will indemnify, defend, and hold DREAM and its affiliates (and our and their directors, officers, personnel and agents) harmless from and against any and all losses, costs, damages, expenses and liabilities whatsoever (including reasonable legal fees and disbursements) which may be suffered or incurred by DREAM or its affiliates as a result of a claim, action, audit, investigation, inquiry, or other proceeding that arises out of or relates to: (a) any actual or alleged breach of this License; (b) your wrongful or improper use of the App; (c) your violation of any applicable law; or (d) loss, theft or misuse of your User Information.  POSSIBLE EFFECTS OF INSTALLATION, REMOVAL OR USAGE OF THE APP AND DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES AND WARRANTY  By using the app on your mobile device, it is possible that your mobile device may be damaged, that data stored in your mobile device may be corrupted, or that you or your property may be damaged. You expressly acknowledge and agree that your use of or inability to use the app is at your sole risk. The app is provided "as is" and "as available" for your use, without warranties or conditions of any kind, express, implied, statutory or collateral, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and no-ninfringement.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY  You agree that to the extent not prohibited by law, in no event will dream, or any of its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents and subcontractors be liable for any damages (including damages for loss of profits, revenue, opportunity, loss of data or business interruption, incidental, special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages), arising out of or related to your use of or inability to use the app, however caused.  THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES  You acknowledge that this License is between you and DREAM and not with the app store provider (i.e. Google or Apple). You agree that the app store provider and its affiliates, and the wireless services carrier: (a) are not liable to you in any way whatsoever for the distribution, use, performance or non-performance of the App; (b) have no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance or support services to you for the App; (c) are not responsible for addressing any claims you may have relating to the App or your possession or use of the App, including, but not limited to, product liability claims, any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirements, and any claims arising under consumer protection or similar applicable law; (d) are not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement or discharge of any third party claims that the App or your possession or use of the App infringes a third party’s intellectual property rights; and (e) are third party beneficiaries to this License solely in respect of this Section 17, and will have the right to enforce this License against you as third party beneficiaries of this License. In addition to the foregoing, you agree and acknowledge that if you apply for and are approved for acceptance of Payment Cards, The Toronto-Dominion Bank ("TD) is providing certain payment processing services and is an intended third-party beneficiary of our rights set out in this License, including but not limited to limitation of liability, indemnities and warranty disclaimers, and may enforce any such rights on its own behalf.  IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM OR CONCERN, OR NEED TO CONTACT DREAM MERCHANT SERVICES  If you have a problem or concern with the performance or functioning of the App, or need to contact DREAM for any reason, you may call DREAM toll free at 1-877-260-2558 or use such other support interfaces or channels as DREAM may make available to you from time to time. If you have a problem or concern regarding your Mobile Device, please contact your Mobile Device provider directly.  TAXES  You are responsible for determining any and all taxes assessed, incurred, or required to be collected, paid, or withheld for any reason in connection with your use of the Mobile Card Processing Solution ("Taxes"). You also are solely responsible for collecting, withholding, reporting, and remitting correct Taxes to the appropriate tax authority. DREAM is not obligated to, nor will DREAM determine whether Taxes apply, or calculate, collect, report, or remit any Taxes to any tax authority arising from any transaction.  TERMINATION  DREAM may terminate this License at any time and for any reason in DREAM’s discretion, effective upon sending you an e-mail or other communication to the contact information that we have for you.  TERMS DRAWN UP IN ENGLISH  It is the express wish of the parties that this License and any directly or indirectly related documents be drawn up in English. Les parties ont exprimé la volonté expresse que les présentes modalités et tous les documents s’y rattachant directement ou indirectement soient rédigés en anglais.  CHANGES TO THIS LICENSE  We may add to or change one, more or all of the provisions of this License at any time. We will notify you of any additions or changes to this License, either by posting the notice on DREAM’s merchant portal, or, at our discretion, we may choose to send you notice of those additions or changes by other means. Your continued use of the App constitutes acceptance of the additions or changes as of the effective date of the notice. If you do not agree with this License, as amended, you must not use the App and you must immediately uninstall the App and disable your Mobile Card Processing Solution user account by contacting DREAM as set out in Section 19. You may review the most current version of this License at any time at [www.dreampayments.com/legal].  CONSENTS IF YOU ARE APPLYING FOR THE ABILITY TO ACCEPT PAYMENT CARDS AS PART OF THE MOBILE CARD PROCESSING SOLUTION, YOU ARE PROVIDING THE FOLLOWING CONSENTS:     You consent that DREAM may review some or all of the information that you submit in connection with your request to sign up for acceptance of Payment Cards. You consent that DREAM may forward such information on to TD. In order to be eligible to use the Mobile Card Processing Solution, you consent that DREAM may share information about you and your DREAM account with TD. After you submit your application, DREAM or TD may conclude that you will not be permitted to use the Mobile Card Processing Solution; You consent and authorize DREAM to request identity verifying information about you, including, but not limited to, (i) a consumer and/or credit report that contains your name and address and may contain “credit information” such as age, place of residence, previous places of residence, estimated income, outstanding debt obligations and assets and other personal information, and (ii) to the extent applicable, a confirmation from the appropriate governmental authority of your corporation's legal existence. DREAM may periodically obtain additional consumer and/or credit reports to determine whether you continue to meet the requirements for a DREAM account; and. You consent and agree that DREAM is permitted to contact and share information about you and your application to accept Payment Cards (including whether you are approved or declined), and your DREAM account with your bank or other financial institution. This includes sharing information: (i) about your transactions for regulatory or compliance purposes, (ii) for use in connection with the management and maintenance of the service, (iii) to create and update their customer records about you and to assist them in better serving you, and (iv) to conduct DREAM’s risk management process.    GOVERNING LAW  This License will be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable therein, without regard to its choice of law or conflicts of law principles that would require application of law of a different jurisdiction.                                            News, Press Releases, and Upcoming Events                                            Skip to Content              News & Events                                                      September 12-14, 2017  San Francisco Meet with us Learn more ⇨                                        Press Release Toronto’s Dream Payments Unveils Centre of Excellence in Moncton Moncton, NB — July 12 - 12, 2017 Learn more ⇨              Press Release IBM Wins VMware 2016 Global Partner Innovation Award for "Integrate Public Clouds" June 9, 2017 Learn more ⇨              News Article Dream Payments Closes $10 Million Series A Round to Launch Payments Cloud in the U.S. TORONTO, ON — March 8, 2017 Learn more ⇨              News Article Dream Payments secures funding from Fairfax, key partnership with Chase TORONTO, ON — March 8, 2017 Learn more ⇨              Press Release Intuit QuickBooks Canada and Dream Payments launch new integration to help entrepreneurs get paid faster TORONTO, ON — February 23, 2017 Learn more ⇨              Press Release Toronto’s Dream Payments Wins Global Fintech Challenge October 24, 2016 Learn more ⇨              Press Release Dream Payments adds TruShield Insurance to its financial services referral network for small businesses TORONTO, ON — October 19, 2016 Learn more ⇨              Press Release VentureClash Announces Finalists for Global Investment Challenge October 3, 2016 Learn more ⇨              Press Release Fintech innovator proving collaboration can build a dream TORONTO, ONTARIO — June 30, 2016 Learn more ⇨              Press Release Leading Payment Cloud Operator Expands EMV Infrastructure to Power Mobile Payment Acceptance for Financial Institutions and Merchant Acquirers TORONTO, CANADA — April 19 - 22, 2016 Learn more ⇨              Press Release Dream Payments Strengthens Leadership Team, Laying Foundation for Global Expansion TORONTO, ON — April 6, 2016 Learn more ⇨              Press Release Dream Payments Launches Mobile Merchant Services Platform for Banks and Merchant Acquirers BARCELONA, SPAIN — February 23, 2016 Learn more ⇨              Press Release Dream Payments to Showcase Next Generation EMV and Contactless Mobile Point of Sale Solutions at NRF 2016 TORONTO, ON — January 15, 2016 Learn more ⇨              Press Release Dream Payments Launches Canada's First Off-The-Shelf EMV Payment Terminal That Accepts Interac Debit Card Payments TORONTO, ONTARIO — October 26, 2015 Learn more ⇨              News Article Fintech startup Dream Payments launches with sector approval October 22, 2015 Learn more ⇨              Press Release Dream Payments Raises $6.0M in Early Stage Financing TORONTO, ONTARIO — March 26, 2015 Learn more ⇨              Press Release Dream Payments to Showcase Mobile Point of Sale Solutions with Bluebird at NRF 2015 NEW YORK, NEW YORK — January 8, 2015 Learn more ⇨              Press Release Dream Payments Announces Next Generation Mobile Payment Solution for Merchants of All Sizes LAS VEGAS, NEVADA — November 3, 2014 Learn more ⇨              Press Release Dream Payments Honoured With Innovation Award for Mobile Point of Sale Solution TORONTO, ONTARIO — October 24, 2014 Learn more ⇨                                                 Mobile Debit & Credit Card Processing | Dream Payments                                          Skip to Content                 Web Content Display  Web Content Display                Dream Payments The tools you need to manage and improve your business.                     Web Content Display  Web Content Display               Features    Dream Debit and Credit Card Reader  Accepts EMV Chip & PIN Accepts EMV Contactless Cards Bluetooth enabled Micro USB Audio card read confirmation  Other Features:  Rechargeable lithium ion battery Removable battery Touch capacitive keyboard LED backlit keyboard  Security:  PCI PED 3, Online & Offline, EMV L1/L2/Contactless, PayPass TM, payWave                          Web Content Display  Web Content Display                   Dream Point of Sale App   With the Dream MPOS and the Dream Debit & Credit Card Reader you can accept debit & credit card payments with your tablet or mobile device safely and securely, anyplace anytime. Instantly see how your business is performing, issue receipts, process refunds and much more. Plus we’re adding new features all the time!                                  Web Content Display  Web Content Display                 Digital Receipts  Provide your customers with receipts straight to their phone via email or SMS. Going green has never been so easy.                          Web Content Display  Web Content Display                  Your Complete Mobile Point of Sale Solution Dream provides you the tools you need to accept payments and manage your business                           Web Content Display  Web Content Display                 Product Catalogue  The Dream Mobile Application allows you to customize your very own product/service catalogue once and have it available across all your devices. Just add the name, price, description, picture and SKU if you want. At checkout simply select the items and quantity, complete the sale and the product information is included on the digital receipt.                           Web Content Display  Web Content Display                  Dream Web Dashboard  The Dream Web Dashboard is your online dashboard for viewing and analyzing your sales, as well as managing your account and security settings.       Account Management Features  Account Registration Merchant User Profile Management Business Profile Management Add / Edit Employee Users Card Terminal Management (activate, deactivate)    View Payment Details  Dashboard View of Up-To-Date Sales View Historic Transactions View Deposits & Withdrawals Resend Receipts Generate Merchant Reports & Statements                            Web Content Display  Web Content Display                 Privacy & Security  Dream provides best in class security to ensure your data and your customer's data and privacy are always protected.       Card Number Data is encrypted at the point of capture (terminal) and decrypted only at the acquiring bank   Card details, magnetic-stripe data and security codes are not stored in any form on the terminal or mobile device   All data classified as sensitive is encrypted using advanced cryptographic algorithms at all times.             PCI Compliant  PCI Payment Transaction Security (PCI PTS) v 3.1 Certified Compliant against PCI Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) v3.1              Dream Payments Debit and Credit Card Reader  EMV Level 1 and Level 2 Approved Payment Card Network (Interac®   , Visa* & MasterCard®   ) Certified             Privacy  Personal Information is managed according to Canada’s privacy law Personal Information Protection & Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA)                        Web Content Display  Web Content Display                Customer Support We're here to help you 24 hours 7 days a week.                                               Mobile Debit & Credit Card Processing | Dream Payments                                          Skip to Content                 Web Content Display  Web Content Display                Dream Payments The tools you need to manage and improve your business.                     Web Content Display  Web Content Display               Features    Dream Debit and Credit Card Reader  Accepts EMV Chip & PIN Accepts EMV Contactless Cards Bluetooth enabled Micro USB Audio card read confirmation  Other Features:  Rechargeable lithium ion battery Removable battery Touch capacitive keyboard LED backlit keyboard  Security:  PCI PED 3, Online & Offline, EMV L1/L2/Contactless, PayPass TM, payWave                          Web Content Display  Web Content Display                   Dream Point of Sale App   With the Dream MPOS and the Dream Debit & Credit Card Reader you can accept debit & credit card payments with your tablet or mobile device safely and securely, anyplace anytime. Instantly see how your business is performing, issue receipts, process refunds and much more. Plus we’re adding new features all the time!                                  Web Content Display  Web Content Display                 Digital Receipts  Provide your customers with receipts straight to their phone via email or SMS. Going green has never been so easy.                          Web Content Display  Web Content Display                  Your Complete Mobile Point of Sale Solution Dream provides you the tools you need to accept payments and manage your business                           Web Content Display  Web Content Display                 Product Catalogue  The Dream Mobile Application allows you to customize your very own product/service catalogue once and have it available across all your devices. Just add the name, price, description, picture and SKU if you want. At checkout simply select the items and quantity, complete the sale and the product information is included on the digital receipt.                           Web Content Display  Web Content Display                  Dream Web Dashboard  The Dream Web Dashboard is your online dashboard for viewing and analyzing your sales, as well as managing your account and security settings.       Account Management Features  Account Registration Merchant User Profile Management Business Profile Management Add / Edit Employee Users Card Terminal Management (activate, deactivate)    View Payment Details  Dashboard View of Up-To-Date Sales View Historic Transactions View Deposits & Withdrawals Resend Receipts Generate Merchant Reports & Statements                            Web Content Display  Web Content Display                 Privacy & Security  Dream provides best in class security to ensure your data and your customer's data and privacy are always protected.       Card Number Data is encrypted at the point of capture (terminal) and decrypted only at the acquiring bank   Card details, magnetic-stripe data and security codes are not stored in any form on the terminal or mobile device   All data classified as sensitive is encrypted using advanced cryptographic algorithms at all times.             PCI Compliant  PCI Payment Transaction Security (PCI PTS) v 3.1 Certified Compliant against PCI Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) v3.1              Dream Payments Debit and Credit Card Reader  EMV Level 1 and Level 2 Approved Payment Card Network (Interac®   , Visa* & MasterCard®   ) Certified             Privacy  Personal Information is managed according to Canada’s privacy law Personal Information Protection & Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA)                        Web Content Display  Web Content Display                Customer Support We're here to help you 24 hours 7 days a week.                                               Mobile Merchant Services Platform | Dream Payments                                            Skip to Content                      Web Content Display  Web Content Display                Dream Payments Mobile Merchant Services Platform Unlocking new value for businesses of all sizes                      Web Content Display  Web Content Display               Transforming Mobile Merchant Services Dream is a Mobile Merchant Services Platform that enables powerful partnering options within the merchant services ecosystem. By connecting banks, acquirers, retailers and value added apps to deliver services that meet the demands of today’s mobile merchants, Dream is transforming the merchant services industry from the ground up.       Dream Payments Cloud Scalable multi-acquirer, payments cloud that manages MPOS devices, processes payments, and connects 3rd party value added apps.   Why Dream? Dream is the mobile commerce platform that rapidly transforms businesses from purely transaction-based to a more lasting, and mutually beneficial one with your business’ partners and merchant customers. Dream provides merchant service providers with the ability to distribute through low cost channels, rapidly onboard customers, deliver a frictionless user experience, and create customer stickiness through value-added applications.     Device and Manufacturer Agnostic Ensure your organization is future ready and effectively responds to market demand for evolving devices. Whereas other mobile point of sale (MPOS) platforms limit you to a single proprietary device and/or manufacturer, Dream removes vendor lock and allows your business the freedom to offer customers any range of MPOS devices across manufacturers.    Remote Device Activation/Management Optimize the supply chain and significantly reduce operational costs. Dream’s patented solution allows businesses to remotely activate and manage MPOS devices in the field, giving your business the ability to provision EMV certified MPOS devices instantly.    Expedited Device Integration Offer customers the devices and technology they desire most. Dream insulates your business from costly and time-consuming device integration. With Dream’s expedited onboarding model partners only perform the final payment certification of devices, allowing your business to get to market in a fraction of the time and cost of any other solution available.    APIs & 3rd Party Applications Create unparalleled customer stickiness and improve your customers' competitiveness. Dream provides value added plug-in services such as popular accounting, analytics and loyalty apps.    Frictionless Onboarding Qualify and onboard customers faster than ever before. Dream’s patented process provides rapid customer adjudication, accelerates customer onboarding and allows businesses to start delivering services to customers within minutes.    Low Cost Distribution Channels Now your business can distribute merchant solutions in-store and via unique low cost channels that were not previously accessible. Dream’s patented technology and processes allow businesses to offer an EMV compliant MPOS solution off-the-shelf through retail channels.       Platform Components The Dream Platform includes all of the hardware, applications, tools and services enterprises need for mobile merchant programs that enhance customer experience, improve business efficiencies and create new revenue opportunities. Businesses can use the entire end-to-end solution or simply choose the components they need.   MPOS Card Reader   Mobile Apps   Merchant Web Dashboard   Operations Portal   3rd Party Apps   Payment Gateway   Customer Support          MPOS Card Reader The Dream MPOS Payment Terminal (debit and credit card reader) is the most feature rich and economical MPOS terminal in the market. Modern, stylish and easy to use, this premium device outperforms all other MPOS units available today.  Supports Contactless Cards, Mobile Wallets, Chip & PIN, Chip & Signature, Keyed Entry Full Colour Display Screen Full Capacitive Touch Pinpad & Backlit Display High Capacity Lithium-ion Battery Removable Battery Powerful Microchip Processor Bluetooth Enabled        Mobile Apps Dream provides a native mobile application that can be reskinned as well as fully customizable apps, enabling businesses to deliver a fully branded application to their customers. Our user friendly, yet highly secure apps provide all the core functionality required for a mobile payment solution:  End to End encryption Product Catalog Management Tip Enablement Secure Void/Refund Management Multi-Language Support Dynamic Content Support Geo-Fencing, Location White and Black Listing Native, Cross Platform, Mobile Web, Hybrid applications Bluetooth, BLE, and USB connectivity management API based application development kits        Merchant Web Dashboard Knowledge is power. Provide customers with their sales data in real-time. Dream includes a robust, online dashboard, which can be fully branded, enabling customers the ability to:  View real-time sales and refunds View account deposits & withdrawals View and generate reports Activate or suspend MPOS devices Manage staff users        Operations Portal Dream includes a powerful administrative dashboard for operations teams to support merchant portfolios. The Operations Portal provides the functionality and data required for monitoring and operating all sizes of MPOS portfolios, and effectively servicing and reporting on program performance.  Search & View Merchant Profiles View Historic Transactions and Details Business Profile Management Card Terminal Management Operations User Management Role-based views and permissions Terminal & System Maintenance Functions Operational Reporting        APIs & Third Party Apps Dream provides a series of APIs to developer partners to allow their applications to interact and integrate directly with the Dream MPOS Cloud services, payment terminals, and mobile devices. This provides businesses with the ability to even have their own app store. Dream also integrates with popular business applications, providing end users with a payment solution that works seamlessly with best in market apps and services they’ve come to depend on, such as  Accounting Loyalty Marketing   Analytics Couponing Etc.        Payment Gateway For businesses that need a complete end-to-end solution, Dream also provides payment processing, and cash management services through our PCI certified Payment Gateway. Businesses can distribute their own branded MPOS solutions without any systems integration using, Dream cloud services.       Customer Support Business never stops, we have your business covered 24/7 with professional multi-lingual help desk support from Tier 1 to Tier 3. We provide call center metrics and reporting, and work with businesses to establish a support model best suited for their program.           Security & Privacy  Dream provides best in class security to ensure your data and your customer's data and privacy are always protected.       Card Number Data is encrypted at the point of capture (terminal) and decrypted only at the acquiring bank.   Card details, magnetic-stripe data and security codes are not stored in any form on the terminal or mobile device.   All data classified as sensitive is encrypted using advanced cryptographic algorithms at all times.          PCI Payment Transaction Security (PCI PTS) v 3.1 Certified Compliant against PCI Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) v3.1 EMV Level 1 and Level 2 Approved Payment Card Network (Interac®   , Visa* & MasterCard®   ) Certified        A Complete Mobile Merchant Strategy Dream connects merchant acquirers, banks, large retailers, application providers, distributors and a variety of devices through a secure mobile merchant services cloud. Dream’s open approach enables unparalleled choice. The best mix of devices, apps, and distribution models can be different for every acquirer, providing your business with it’s own network of best in breed players that result in unique distribution opportunities and unmatched customer stickiness.      Mobile Operators Bundle services with other in-store offerings such as devices, data plans, etc. and provide value-added and vertical specific digital services to their business customers.   Retail Distributors Generate new revenue and customer loyalty by leveraging their store network to distribute services and products SMB customers want, bundled or stand alone.   Banks and Acquirers Banks leverage the Dream ecosystem by accessing online, in-branch, direct distribution or broad retail distribution channels to deliver digital banking and merchant services.       Value Added Services Integrates with best of breed vertical specific applications, seamlessly connecting payment acceptance with preferred applications customers already use and love.   Small Businesses Are now accessible through channels never before available and provided the tools they want and prefer, faster than ever before.   Large Enterprises Mobilize their POS using a single cloud platform, servicing customers with the agile merchant services they need to be successful.       Provide customers easier access to your products and services.     Onboard merchants faster than ever before with a frictionless user experience.     Deliver easy access to the applications and services your customers prefer.        Get to Market Sooner Dream provides all the services you need to successfully and securely deliver unique MPOS solutions to market quickly and under your own brand.      Dream Mobile Application Development Make your mobile app the one your customers love. Let Dream develop your mobile point of sale applications for you with intuitive user experiences tailored to your offerings.            Dream Integration Services Eliminate delays and unnecessary costs and get to market faster. Your business can take advantage of working with Dream to customize your solution and expedite your integration needs.                         Contact Dream        Want to learn more about what Dream can do for your company? Fill out this form below and a Dream rep will be in touch soon.                   Please keep me informed of products, services and offerings from Dream Payments. I accept Dream Payments' Privacy statement.                                                          