 





Frank M. Drendel |  Tyco







































Frank M. Drendel




Our Board of Directors





Frank M. Drendel
Compensation and Human Resources Committee Member
Mr. Drendel joined our Board in October 2012. He is currently Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of CommScope Holding Company, Inc., a public company that develops infrastructure solutions for communications networks in more than 100 countries. Prior to the acquisition of CommScope by funds affiliated with The Carlyle Group in January 2011, Mr. Drendel served as Chief Executive Officer of CommScope from its founding in 1976. He also served as Chairman since July 1997, when CommScope was spun-off from General Instrument Corporation. While at CommScope, Mr. Drendel also served as a director of GI Delaware, a subsidiary of General Instrument Corporation, and its predecessors from 1987 to 1992, a director of General Instrument Corporation from 1992 until 1997, and a director of NextLevel Systems, Inc. (which was renamed General Instrument Corporation) from 1997 until January 2000. Mr. Drendel was formerly a director of Sprint Nextel Corporation from 2005 to 2008 and a director of Nextel Communications, Inc. from 1997 to 2005. Mr. Drendel is a director of the National Cable & Telecommunications Association. He holds a bachelor's degree in marketing from Northern Illinois University.






Have a Question?
Ask On Our Contact Page


Go to Contact Page






Find Your  Business

Integrated
Solutions & Services 
Security
Products
Fire Protection
Products
Life Safety
Products
RetailSolutions





Brands You May Know


   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   



Back to top




We use cookies to enhance your website experience. By continuing to use our site you agree to the use of cookies in accordance with our policy. Click for more information to find out what cookies we use, what they do and how you can disable them.
More info
















Frank Drendel, Commscope Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  

























Feedback





Frank Drendel

Former Chairman/CEO/Co-Founder,
Commscope Inc






Career History




Co-Founder
Commscope Inc, 1/2011-PRESENT


Chairman/CEO/Co-Founder
Commscope Inc, 7/1997-1/2011


Director
Nextlevel Systems Inc, 1997-2000


Director
General Instrument Corp, 1992-1997


Chairman/President/CEO
Commscope Inc of Nrth Carolina, 1986-1997


Chief Executive Officer
Commscope Inc of Nrth Carolina, 1976-1986


Various Positions
Commscope Inc of Nrth Carolina, 1971-1976


Show More









Website:
www.commscope.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1100 CommScope Place
Southeast
Hickory, NC 28602
United States


Phone:
1-828-324-2200


Fax:
1-828-323-4849


Web url:
www.commscope.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Northern Illinois University
Bachelor's Degree, Marketing








Awards & Publications



Awards




HALL OF FAME, Cable Television, 2002









Memberships



Board Memberships




Ncta - The Internet And Television Association


Board Member, PRESENT




Commscope Holdings Inc


Chairman, 1/2011-PRESENT




Commscope Inc


Chairman, 7/1997-PRESENT




Tyco International PLC


Board Member, 11/2014-9/2016




Tyco Intl Ltd


Board Member, 10/2012-11/2014




Sprint Nextel Corp


Board Member, 8/2005-5/2008




Nextel Communications Inc


Board Member, 8/1997-8/2005




General Instrument Corp


Board Member, 2/1998-1/2000




Nextlevel Systems Inc


Board Member, 1992-2/1998




Commscope Inc of Nrth Carolina


Chairman, 1986-1997



Show More





Other Memberships




Natl Cable & Telecommunications Assn


Board Member




Cable Television Hall of Fame


Member




National Cable & Telecommunications Association


Board Member



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Management Team
























































Search

×








COMMSCOPE








Search



Go

Go










Login






				 Choose Language
          		









Toggle Menu








COMMSCOPE





Search






























Management Team







Marvin (Eddie) S. Edwards, Jr . ¹  ²
President and Chief Executive Officer


                                        Mr. Edwards became our President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors in  2011. From  2010 to 2011 Mr. Edwards was our President and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to that, Mr. Edwards served as our Executive Vice President of Business Development and General Manager, Wireless Network Solutions from 2007 to 2010. From 2005 to 2007,  he served as our Executive Vice President of Business Development and the Chairman of the Board of Directors of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Connectivity Solutions Manufacturing LLC. Mr. Edwards also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of OFS Fitel, LLC and OFS BrightWave, LLC, a joint venture between our Company and The Furukawa Electric Co. Mr. Edwards has also served in various capacities with Alcatel, including President of Alcatel North America Cable Systems and President of Radio Frequency Systems.
                                    










Randall W. Crenshaw ¹  ²
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer


                                        Mr. Crenshaw became our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in 2011.  From 2010 to  2011, Mr. Crenshaw was our Executive Vice President and Chief Supply Officer. Prior to this role, Mr. Crenshaw was Executive Vice President and General Manager, Enterprise since February 2004. From 2000 to 2004, he served as Executive Vice President, Procurement, and General Manager, Network Products Group of our Company. Prior to that time, he held various other positions with our Company since 1985. 
                                    










Mark A. Olson ¹  ²
Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer


                                        Mr. Olson became our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 2012.  From 2009 to 2012, Mr. Olson served as our Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. Mr. Olson served as Vice President and Controller for Andrew LLC since the closing of the Andrew acquisition through 2009. Prior to that acquisition, he was Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of Andrew. Mr. Olson joined Andrew in 1993 as Group Controller, was named Corporate Controller in 1998, Vice President and Corporate Controller in 2000 and Chief Accounting Officer in 2003. Prior to joining Andrew, he was employed by Nortel and Johnson & Johnson. 
                                    










Peter U. Karlsson ¹  ²
Senior Vice President of Global Sales


                                        Mr. Karlsson has been our Senior Vice President, Global Sales since 2011. Mr. Karlsson previously served as Senior Vice President, Enterprise Sales from the time of our acquisition of Avaya’s Connectivity Solutions division in 2004 through 2011.  From 2002 to that acquisition, he was Global Vice President, Sales for Avaya’s SYSTIMAX division.   Mr. Karlsson joined AT&T in 1989 holding several management positions in the Nordic and Sub-Sahara Africa regions, was named General Manager of Lucent Technologies Global Commercial Markets Southwest Territory in 1997 and Managing Director, Caribbean and Latin America for Lucent Global Business Partners Group in 1999 before transitioning to Vice President, Distribution for Avaya’s Connectivity Solutions division.
                                    










Frank (Burk) B. Wyatt, II ¹  ²
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary


                                        Mr. Wyatt has been Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (Chief Legal Officer) of CommScope since 2000. Prior to joining our company as General Counsel and Secretary in 1996, Mr. Wyatt was an attorney in private practice with Bell, Seltzer, Park & Gibson, P.A. (now Alston & Bird LLP). Mr. Wyatt is also our Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer. 
                                    










Philip M. Armstrong, Jr.¹
Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance


                                        Mr. Armstrong has been our Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance since 2009.  Mr. Armstrong previously served as Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications since 2000. Prior to joining CommScope in 1997, he held various Treasury and Finance positions at Carolina Power and Light Co. (formerly Progress Energy). 
                                    










Robert W. Granow ¹
Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer


                                        Mr. Granow became our Vice President, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer in 2012 and was promoted to Senior Vice President in  2013. Mr. Granow joined CommScope in 2004 and has held various positions within CommScope’s Corporate Controller organization. Prior to joining our Company, he was employed by LifeSpan Incorporated, Aetna, Inc. and Arthur Andersen & Co.
                                    










Robyn T. Mingle ¹  ²
Senior Vice President of Human Resources


                                        Ms. Mingle became our Senior Vice President, Human Resources, in 2016. Prior to joining CommScope, she was the Chief Human Resource Officer at Xylem Inc. from 2011 to 2015 where she was a founding executive team member for the global water company spin-off from ITT Corp. Ms. Mingle was the SVP, HR at Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., one of the nation’s largest homebuilders from 2003 to 2011. She spent the first 14 years of her career with The Black & Decker Corporation where she progressed from an entry-level human resources role to VP, HR for the DeWalt Industrial Power Tool Division. 
                                    










Suzan M. Campbell
Senior Vice President of Tax


                                        Ms. Campbell became our senior vice president of Tax in 2016. Prior to that, Ms. Campbell served as vice president of International Tax. Before joining CommScope in 2011, she was senior director of Tax at Alberto-Culver for seven years and worked for 14 years in International Tax with KPMG LLP, where she became a partner.
                                    










Bennett Cardwell
Senior Vice President, leads the CommScope Mobility Solutions business


                                        Mr. Cardwell has been our senior vice president of the CommScope Mobility Solutions business since 2015. His group is responsible for the strategy and development of wireless infrastructure solutions. With over 20 years of telecommunications industry experience, Mr. Cardwell previously served as senior vice president of Wireless Sales for CommScope. Before that he acted as vice president of Wireless Sales for CommScope Asia Pacific. Prior to joining CommScope, he served in various leadership positions in research and development, product management, systems engineering and field sales with UTStarcom, Ericsson and 3Com.
                                    










Michael Cross 
Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer


                                        Mr. Cross has been our senior vice president and chief information officer since 2012 when he joined the company. Mr. Cross came to our company with more than 23 years’ experience in information technology, product development and services, having been promoted to increasingly responsible roles within two major corporations. He spent nine years with NCR in Columbia, South Carolina and 14 years at Dell, Inc. in Round Rock, Texas.
                                    










Morgan Kurk
Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer


                                        Mr. Kurk took the role of chief technology officer for CommScope in 2015. His prior assignment was as the senior vice president of the wireless segment including responsibility for indoor, outdoor, and backhaul businesses. Mr. Kurk started his career at Motorola in 1994 where he was a hardware development engineer for base stations and a product manager for a CDMA base station product line. He joined Allen Telecom in 1997, which became part of Andrew Corporation in 2004. Mr. Kurk held a variety of positions including director of business development in the United States and China; vice president of R&D, PLM, and Strategy; and vice president and general manager of the Wireless Innovations Group worldwide. In 2009, he joined CommScope as senior vice president of the Enterprise business unit. In total he has more than 20 years of experience solving communication problems.
                                    










Jaxon D. Lang
Senior Vice President, leads the CommScope Connectivity Solutions business


                                        Prior to leading Connectivity Solutions, Mr. Lang was responsible for the global P&L for the Outside Plant, Inside Plant Copper & Fiber, and Active Systems businesses. He joined CommScope through the acquisition of TE Connectivity’s Broadband Network Solutions (BNS) business, where he was vice president and general manager with responsibility for all product and service development, manufacturing and sales for the Central and North American Telecom and Enterprise markets. Previously, Mr. Lang served as vice president of Global Connectivity Solutions, Americas, and VP of Structured Cable Product Management, at ADC. During his 22-year career in the communications industry, Mr. Lang has held a variety of positions with increasing responsibility in sales, market management, operations, new product engineering, and product management for U.S. and global markets.
                                    










Fiona Nolan ²
Senior Vice President of Global Marketing


                                        Ms. Nolan has been our senior vice president of Global Marketing since 2012. Ms. Nolan previously served as vice president of Global Marketing, as well as director of Global Marketing for our Enterprise division. Ms. Nolan previously held several different positions at Avaya Connectivity Solutions prior to the CommScope acquisition in 2004, including vice president of Global Marketing for Avaya’s SYSTIMAX business. She also held the position of director of Channel Marketing for the Europe, Middle East and Africa region across the entire Lucent Technologies Enterprise division. Ms. Nolan also headed up the SYSTIMAX business in Europe, Middle East and Africa. Ms. Nolan previously held several positions, including heading up marketing for the SYSTIMAX business in Europe, Middle East and Africa, when she joined Lucent in 1997.
                                    










Christopher A. Story ²
Senior Vice President of Global Operations


                                        Mr. Story became our senior vice president of Global Operations in 2010. In 2000, Mr. Story was named senior vice president of Operations for the company’s Broadband division and promoted to executive vice president in 2002 until being named to his current position. Mr. Story has held other positions with CommScope in North Carolina since joining the company in 1989 including chairman of CommScope Asia, managing director of CommScope Europe, director of Research and Development and president of Cable Transport.
                                    










Wendy Taylor
Vice President of Corporate Audit & Advisory


                                        Ms. Taylor became our vice president of Corporate Audit & Advisory in 2012. Prior to joining CommScope, she was the vice president of internal audit at Goodrich Corporation. Ms. Taylor has more than 25 years of experience in risk management, internal control and governance including a long-term career with Deloitte & Touche LLP where she was an Enterprise Risk Services Partner for 10 years.
                                    



Board of Directors



Frank M. Drendel ¹

Mr. Drendel has been our Chairman of the Board since 2011. He served as our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer from 1976 until 2011.  Mr. Drendel is a director of the National Cable & Telecommunications Association, the principal trade association of the cable industry in the United States, and was inducted into the Cable Television Hall of Fame in 2002. Mr. Drendel served on the board of directors of Tyco International, Ltd., which was acquired by Johnson Controls International, from 2012 to September 2016.  He served as a director of General Instrument Corporation and its predecessors/successors from 1987 to 2000, as a director of Sprint Nextel Corporation from 2005 to 2008, as a director of Nextel Communications, Inc. from 1997 to 2005.






Austin A. Adams

Mr. Adams became a member of our Board of Directors in 2014 and serves on our Audit Committee.  He served as Executive Vice President and Corporate Chief Information Officer of JPMorgan Chase from 2004 (upon the merger of JPMorgan Chase and Bank One Corporation) until his retirement in 2006. Prior to the merger, Mr. Adams served as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Bank One from 2001 to 2004. Prior to joining Bank One, he was Chief Information Officer at First Union Corporation (now Wells Fargo & Co.) from 1985 to 2001.  Mr. Adams is also a director of the following public companies: KeyCorp and Spectra Energy, Inc. He formerly served as a director of the following public companies: The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation, CommunityOne Bancorp, and First Niagara Financial Group, Inc.






Marvin (Eddie) S. Edwards, Jr. ¹  ²

Mr. Edwards became our President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors in 2011. From 2010 to 2011 Mr. Edwards was our President and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to that, Mr. Edwards served as our Executive Vice President of Business Development and General Manager, Wireless Network Solutions from 2007 to 2010. From 2005 to 2007, he served as our Executive Vice President of Business Development and the Chairman of the Board of Directors of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Connectivity Solutions Manufacturing LLC. Mr. Edwards also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of OFS Fitel, LLC and OFS BrightWave, LLC, a joint venture between our Company and The Furukawa Electric Co. Mr. Edwards has also served in various capacities with Alcatel, including President of Alcatel North America Cable Systems and President of Radio Frequency Systems.






Stephen (Steve) C. Gray

Mr. Gray became a member of our Board of Directors in 2011 and serves on our Compensation Committee. In 2015, Mr. Gray became President and CEO of Syniverse Holdings, Inc., a position he held on an interim basis from August 2014 to February 2015.  From 2007 to 2015, he served as a Senior Advisor to The Carlyle Group. Mr. Gray is the Founder and Chairman of Gray Venture Partners, LLC a private investment company and previously served as President of McLeodUSA Incorporated from 1992 to 2004. Prior to joining McLeodUSA, he served from 1990 to 1992 as Vice President of Business Services at MCI Inc. and before that, from 1988 to 1990, he served as Senior Vice President of National Accounts and Carrier Services for TelecomUSA. From 1986 to 1988, Mr. Gray held a variety of sales management positions with WilTel Network Services and the Clayton W. Williams Companies, including ClayDesta Communications Inc. Mr. Gray serves as the Chairman of ImOn Communications, LLC, SecurityCoverage, Inc., Involta, LLC and HH Ventures, LLC and he also serves on the board of directors for Syniverse Holdings, Inc. and served on the board of directors for Insight Communications, Inc. from 2005 until 2012.






L. William (Bill) Krause

Mr. Krause became a member of our Board of Directors in 2011 and serves as a member of our Compensation and Nominating Committees. Mr. Krause has been President of LWK Ventures, a private advisory and investment firm, since 1991. He also currently serves as a Senior Advisor to The Carlyle Group and a Board Partner at Andreessen Horowitz.  In addition, Mr. Krause served as President and Chief Executive Officer of 3Com Corporation, a global data networking company, from 1981 to 1990, and as its Chairman from 1987 to 1993 when he retired. Mr. Krause currently serves on the boards of directors of the following public companies: Brocade Communications Systems, Inc., a networking systems supplier and Coherent, Inc., a leading supplier of Photonic-based systems.  He also serves as Chairman of the Board of Veritas Holding, Ltd., an information management leader.  Mr. Krause previously served as a director for the following public companies: Core-Mark Holding Company, Inc., Packateer, Inc., Sybase, Inc. and Trizetto Group, Inc.






Joanne M. Maguire

Ms. Maguire became a director in 2016 and serves as the Chair of our Nominating Committee.  She served as executive vice president of Lockheed Martin Space Systems Company (“SSC”), a provider of advanced-technology systems for national security, civil and commercial customers, from 2006 until she retired in 2013. Ms. Maguire joined Lockheed Martin in 2003 and assumed leadership of SSC in 2006. Prior to joining Lockheed Martin, Ms. Maguire was with TRW’s Space & Electronics sector (now part of Northrop Grumman) filling a range of progressively responsible positions from engineering analyst to Vice President and Deputy to the sector’s CEO, serving in leadership roles over programs as well as engineering, advanced technology, manufacturing and business development organizations. Ms. Maguire also sits on the boards of directors of Visteon Corporation, Charles Stark Draper Laboratory, Tetra Tech, Inc. and previously on the board of Freescale Semiconductor, Ltd.






Thomas J. Manning

Mr. Manning became a member of our Board in 2014 and serves on our Audit Committee.  He has been a Lecturer in Law at The University of Chicago Law School, teaching courses on corporate governance, private equity and U.S.-China relations, and innovative solutions, since 2012.  Mr. Manning is also a Senior Advisor to The Demand Institute, a joint venture of The Conference Board and The Nielsen Company, and an Affiliated Partner of Waterstone Management Group.  Previously, he served as the Chief Executive Officer of Cerberus Asia Operations & Advisory Limited, a subsidiary of Cerberus Capital Management, a global private equity firm, from 2010 to 2012, Chief Executive Officer of Indachin Limited from 2005 to 2009, Chairman of China Board of Directors Limited from 2005 to 2010, and a senior partner with Bain & Company and a member of Bain's China board and head of Bain's information technology strategy practice in the Silicon Valley and Asia from 2003 to 2005. Prior to that, Mr. Manning served as Global Managing Director of the Strategy & Technology Business of Capgemini, Chief Executive Officer of Capgemini Asia Pacific, and Chief Executive Officer of Ernst & Young Consulting Asia Pacific, where he led the development of consulting and IT service and outsourcing businesses across Asia from 1996 to 2003. Early in his career, Mr. Manning was with McKinsey & Company, Buddy Systems, Inc. and CSC Index. Mr. Manning is also a director of the following public companies: The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (where he is Lead Director and Chair of the Nominating & Governance Committee) and Clear Media Limited (where he is Chair of the Remuneration Committee). He previously served as a director of iSoftStone Holdings Limited, Gome Electrical Appliances Company, AsiaInfo-Linkage, Inc. and Bank of Communications. 






Claudius (Bud) E. Watts IV

Mr. Watts became a member of our Board of Directors in 2011 and serves as the Chair of our Compensation and Nominating Committees.  He currently serves as a Managing Director of The Carlyle Group. Prior to joining Carlyle in 2000, Mr. Watts was a Managing Director in the M&A group of First Union Securities, Inc. He joined First Union Securities when First Union acquired Bowles Hollowell Conner & Co., where Mr. Watts was a principal. He also serves on the board of directors of Carolina Financial Corporation and has previously served on the boards of directors of numerous other Carlyle portfolio companies over the past 14 years.






Timothy T. Yates

Mr. Yates became a member of our Board of Directors following the IPO and serves as the Chairman of our Audit Committee.  He served as Monster Worldwide's Executive Vice President from 2007 until 2013, Chief Financial Officer from 2007 until 2011 and CEO from 2014 to 2016. In addition, he served as a director of Monster Worldwide, Inc., a publicly traded company, from 2007 to 2016.  Prior to that, Mr. Yates served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and a director of Symbol Technologies, Inc. from 2006 to 2007. From January 2007 to June 2007, he was responsible for the integration of Symbol into Motorola, Inc.'s Enterprise Mobility business.  From August 2005 to February 2006, Mr. Yates served as an independent consultant to Symbol. Prior to this, from 2002 to 2005, Mr. Yates served as a partner and Chief Financial Officer of Saguenay Capital, a boutique investment firm. Prior to that, he served as a founding partner of Cove Harbor Partners, a private investment and consulting firm, which he helped establish in 1996. From 1971 through 1995, Mr. Yates held a number of senior leadership roles at Bankers Trust New York Corporation, including serving as Chief Financial and Administrative Officer from 1990 through 1995.




1 Section 16 Officers.
2 Executive Sustainability Council members. This team also includes Richard Dall’Asen, Senior Vice President of Corporate Quality, Responsibility and Sustainability.







About Us

Careers
Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability
Timeline
Investor Relations
Management Team
Supplier Responsibility



Press Release

		July 19, 2017
	

CommScope to Host Four-City ‘Evolution of the Workplace’ Workshops


CommScope Blog
Jul 23, 2017
Optimizing Networks for Capacity: A Planning Guide

Follow Us













Featured Video
The Trend is Towards Multi Tenant Data Centers














  

















































The Cable Center - Frank M. Drendel




































  BACK TO PAST HONOREES
Frank M. Drendel
Chairman of the Board and Founder, CommScope, Inc.



 
 
 
 


Frank M. Drendel is chairman of the board of CommScope and company founder. Mr. Drendel served as the company’s chief executive officer from his founding of the company in 1976 as a North Carolina corporation based in Hickory until the acquisition of CommScope by The Carlyle Group in January 2011 that took the company private. He has served as chairman since 1997, when CommScope was spun-off from General Instrument Corporation (subsequently renamed General Semiconductor, Inc.) and became an independent, publicly-traded company on the NYSE.

Mr. Drendel’s entrepreneurial drive and business vision led to his acquiring a struggling cable product line called Comm/Scope from his then-employer, Superior Continental, and launching a stand-alone company in 1976. This same drive and vision has guided CommScope for nearly four decades—under Mr. Drendel’s leadership, CommScope has grown to be a multi-billion dollar global leader in infrastructure solutions for communications networks, with a whos-who roster of customers that spans the globe. Through organic growth and the transformational acquisitions of Avaya Connectivity Solutions in 2004, Andrew Corporation in 2007, and TE Broadband Network Solutions in 2015, the company under Mr. Drendel established leadership positions in key markets—wireless, business enterprise, telecom and cable television/residential broadband—that continue today.
While at CommScope, Mr. Drendel also served as a director of GI Delaware, a subsidiary of General Instrument Corporation, and its predecessors from 1987 to 1992, a director of General Instrument Corporation from 1992 until 1997, and a director of NextLevel Systems, Inc. (which was renamed General Instrument Corporation) from 1997 until January 2000. Prior to his founding of the company, Mr. Drendel held various positions within the Comm/Scope division of Superior Continental from 1971 to 1976.

Mr. Drendel is a director of the National Cable & Telecommunications Association, the principal trade association of the cable industry in the United States, and the SCTE Executive Council. Mr. Drendel previously served as a director of Sprint Nextel Corporation from 2005 to 2008 and as a director of Nextel Communications, Inc. from 1997 to 2005. He also served on the board of directors for Tyco International, Ltd., The Cable Center and C-SPAN.
An active member of several National Cable & Telecommunications Association committees, Mr. Drendel has been a recipient of various NCTA awards, including the Challenger Award, Associates Award and the President’s Award. In addition, Mr. Drendel has received numerous prestigious honors for his contributions to the industry, including:

Induction into the Cable Center Hall of Fame, the cable television industry’s highest honor, in 2002.
An Emmy Award for Outstanding Achievement in Engineering Development in 1985 for his and M/A-Com Corporation’s (of which CommScope was a subsidiary) contribution to anti-pirating satellite TV encryption and scrambling technology.
The Order of the Long Leaf Pine, the highest civilian award given by the State of North Carolina, in 1999.
The 2013 North Carolina Technology Association Outstanding Achievement Award.

Mr. Drendel graduated from Northern Illinois University in 1970 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Marketing, and has been a mentor and leader in the cable television and telecommunications industry during his entire career.
  





Click below to open the Bresnan Ethics in Business Honoree Menu.
Bresnan Honorees Menu



Past Honorees

       Bresnan Award Main Page
       Bresnan Honorees

Frank M. Drendel - 2017 Honoree
Amos B. Hostetter, Jr. - 2016 Honoree
Decker Anstrom - 2015 Honoree
Nick Davatzes - 2014 Honoree
Brian Lamb - 2013 Honoree
Alan Gerry - 2012 Honoree
Robert J. Miron - 2011 Honoree


 






Cable Hall of Fame
2002 Honoree: Frank M. Drendel

 
 
 
 



Oral History Project
Oral History: Frank M. Drendel
    
 
 
 
 







Latest News
Visit our media center


Map & Directions
How to find us

info@cablecenter.org
Phone: 720.502.7500

Contact Us
Contact us by department






About Us


Media Room
Board of Directors
Honorary Board of Directors
Cable Center Staff
Rent The Center
Contact Us
Social Media
Support The Center
Explore The Center



Cable History


The Hauser Oral History Project
Featured Articles
The Barco Library
Cable TV Pioneers
Exhibits
Three Generations Photo Gallery
Cable History Timeline
Cable History Book



Academic Community


Senior Fellows
Vision
The Barco Library 
Program Archives
International Connections



Cable Today & Tomorrow


Innovation
Customer Care Central
The Barco Library 
Cable Connects Us
Connecting With Students
Impact on Society and Culture



Cable Hall of Fame


Meet The Honorees
Bresnan Ethics in Business Award
Bresnan Ethics in Business Award Honorees
Past Honorees
Honorees by Name
Media Gallery
CHOF Exhibit




Copyright 2017  The Cable Center - All rights reserved powered by The Cable Industry
The audited statement of financial position and statement of activities, along with the governing organizational documents, are available upon request. 

 




HomeAbout UsMedia RoomBoard of DirectorsHonorary Board of DirectorsCable Center StaffRent The CenterSocial MediaContact UsSupport The CenterMap & DirectionsNewslettersCable HistoryThe  Hauser Oral History ProjectThe Barco LibraryCable TV PioneersVirtual Reality ExhibitExhibitsThree Generations Photo GalleryCable History TimelineCable History BookAcademic CommunitySenior FellowsVisionThe Barco Library Program ArchivesInternational ConnectionsOne Day ImmersionCable Today & TomorrowInnovationCx CentralThe Barco Library Cable Connects UsConnecting With StudentsImpact on Society and CultureDevelopment of DOCSISCable Hall of FameMeet The Honorees2017 CelebrationHonoree ExhibitPast HonoreesBresnan Ethics in Business AwardHonorees of Bresnan Ethics in Business AwardMedia Gallery








Drendel, Frank M. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Frank M. Drendel
FRANK M. DRENDEL is Chairman and CEO of CommScope, Inc., in Hickory,
North Carolina, a publicly traded company. He serves on the board of
Next-Level Systems Inc. (to be renamed General Instrument around
February 2, 1998), a world leader in broadband transmission,
distribution and access control technologies for cable, satellite and
terrestrial broadcasting applications, as well as in discrete power
rectifying components. He also serves on the board of Nextel, the
nation’s leading provider of fully integrated wireless communications.
Nextel has built the largest guaranteed all-digital wireless network in
the United States. Mr. Drendel is a member of the National Cable
Television Association and presently serves on its board of directors.
He has also served on various NCTA committees including Associates
Committee, Telecommunications Committee, and the HDTV Committee. He has
been a recipient of many NCTA awards, including the Challenger Award,
Associates Award, and President’s Award. He is also a member of the C-
SPAN Board of Directors. Mr. Drendel is a graduate of Northern Illinois
University a B.S. Degree in Marketing in 1970 and has been involved in
the U.S. CATV and telecommunications industries during his entire
career. He has been CEO of CommScope since 1976, and was Vice Chairman
of M/A-COM, Inc. during the period CommScope Inc. was part of M/A-COM’s
Cable/Home Communications Group (1980-1986). General Instrument acquired
the Cable/Home Communications Group from MA-COM in 1986.
Related Interviews:Frank M. Drendel -  Commscope Inc (ctv)April 01, 1998







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google





















Frank M. Drendel - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Frank M. Drendel
Chairman of the Board at CommScope Holding Company, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Frank M. Drendel? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Frank M. Drendel's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Frank M. Drendel's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Frank M. Drendel's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Frank M. Drendel through your network of contacts.
												








Frank M. Drendel's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board, 
CommScope Holding Company, Inc.


Past
To view Frank M. Drendel's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 Bachelor's, 
															Northern Illinois University


Age
72

 
 


Frank M. Drendel's Biography



Mr. Drendel has been our Chairman of the Board since 2011. He served as our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer from 1976 until 2011. Mr. Drendel is a director of the National Cable & Telecommunications Association, the principal trade association of the cable industry in the United States, and was inducted into the Cable Television Hall of Fame in 2002. Mr. Drendel served on the board of directors of Tyco International, Ltd., which was acquired by Johnson Controls International, from 2012 to September 2016. He served as a director of General Instrument Corporation and its predecessors/successors from 1987 to 2000, as a director ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Drendel has been our Chairman of the Board since 2011. He served as our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer from 1976 until 2011. Mr. Drendel is a director of the National Cable & Telecommunications Association, the principal trade association of the cable industry in the United States, and was inducted into the Cable Television Hall of Fame in 2002. Mr. Drendel served on the board of directors of Tyco International, Ltd., which was acquired by Johnson Controls International, from 2012 to September 2016. He served as a director of General Instrument Corporation and its predecessors/successors from 1987 to 2000, as a director of Sprint Nextel Corporation from 2005 to 2008 and as a director of Nextel Communications, Inc. from 1997 to 2005.
 
Skills and Qualifications:
The Board of Directors has concluded that Mr. Drendel should serve as a director because he brings extensive experience regarding our business, the management of public and private companies and the telecommunications industry. See "Compensation Discussion and Analysis-Employment, Severance and Change in Control Arrangements" for more information regarding the employment agreement we have entered into with Mr. Drendel.
		
Source: CommScope Holding Company, Inc. on 03/21/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Frank M. Drendel's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Frank M. Drendel. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Frank M. Drendel's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Frank M. Drendel's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Frank M. Drendel through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Frank M. Drendel


















Frank M. Drendel's Connections (130)





Sign up now to view Frank M. Drendel's 130 connections »









Robert E. Olson
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Legacy Tyco, Johnson Controls International plc









Joanne M. Maguire
Board Member, CommScope Holding Company, Inc.









Peter U. Karlsson
Senior Vice President, Global Sales, CommScope Holding Company, Inc.









Marvin S. Edwards
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, CommScope Holding Company, Inc.









Larry C. Glasscock
Board Member, Sysco Corporation









Randall W. Crenshaw
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, CommScope Holding Company, Inc.









Sandra S. Wijnberg
Former Board Member, Johnson Controls International plc









George R. Oliver
Dir., President and Chief Operating Officer, Johnson Controls International plc









Daniel R. Hesse
Board Member, The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.









Lawrence B. Costello
Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, Johnson Controls International plc








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Frank Drendel: From 'C' student to CEO of $4 billion firm | Paxton Record














 










Our SitesThe News-GazetteDigital Services
eEdition

IlliniHQ
NewsTalk 1400 WDWS-AM
Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS
107.9 WKIO
Community NewsCounty Star
The Independent News
The Leader
LeRoy Farmer City Press
Mahomet Citizen
Paxton Record
Piatt County Journal-Republican
Rantoul Press

MagazinesAt Home 
Central Illinois Business








LOGIN
Create new account
Login problems?

 







Search: 



Search in: 
Everything








 








 






NewsArts and Entertainment
Business
Courts, Fire, and Police
Education
Health
Politics and Government

Sports
Obituaries
Classified AdsFind the Fake Ad Contest Rules

Community Links
Subscribe
FORMS
Events
ContactFeedback Form
Contact Us

 






Home » News » PeopleFrank Drendel: From 'C' student to CEO of $4 billion firm

Wed, 09/24/2014 - 9:56am | Will Brumleve



Photo by: Provided
Frank Drendel


Other Related ContentPBL Hall of Fame's first induction class features Garrelts, Schweighart, Drendel
Football coach to head PBL Hall of Fame selection committee
GCMS Athletic Hall of Fame chooses three inductees
PBL Hall of Fame applications available
PBL Hall of Fame selection committee to be formed
PBL Hall of Fame would honor alumni, others
PBL Hall of Fame's first induction class features Garrelts, Schweighart, Drendel
PBL Hall of Fame's first induction class to be revealed Wednesday
School board forms selection committee for PBL Hall of Fame
 


Facebook LikeGoogle Plus OneTweet Widget 

PAXTON — Frank Drendel was an average student at Paxton High School. Going to college and earning a degree wasn’t that important.
Luckily, Paxton Mustangs football coach Pat Zukowski saw something in the young man. Zukowski persuaded Drendel, a standout on the football field, to continue his playing days, and studies, at Northern Illinois University.
“He insisted that, if nothing else, go up and make the team,” Drendel recalled.
Zukowski’s insistence would change Drendel’s life. It was while Drendel was at NIU in DeKalb in the mid-1960s that he found a job in the cable industry, which was just in its infancy at the time. It was that job — although just a part-time gig to get him through school — that would end up planting the seeds to Drendel’s acclaimed career as the chief executive of a Fortune 500 company.
“Only in America. It’s just absolutely only in America can a farm boy from Paxton, Illinois, come up and build a business that’s a Fortune 500 company,” said Drendel, one of three people who will be inducted into the Paxton-Buckley-Loda Hall of Fame’s first induction class this week.
“Life is a series of good luck, and I had a bunch of it.”
Drendel, a 1963 Paxton High School graduate, founded CommScope in 1976 after graduating from NIU. He launched the company after acquiring a struggling cable product line called Comm/Scope from his then-employer, Superior Continental.
Drendel started working in the cable television industry between his freshman and sophomore years in DeKalb.
“I went through the rest of college working every summer and every day part-time doing installs,” Drendel said.
After entering the National Guard during the Vietnam War, Drendel moved to Hickory, N.C., and continued working in the cable television industry. In 1976, he started running Superior Continental — which he called a “very small” wire and cable company — and later got the chance to buy the Comm/Scope product line.
“I had $5,000. My wife and I were living in a trailer,” Drendel said. “I had a chance to buy it, and I raised a million and a half dollars locally and bought it in 1976.”
Drendel turned CommScope into an international success. Under Drendel’s leadership, CommScope has grown to a $4 billion global leader in infrastructure solutions for communications networks and has positioned itself as an industry leader in wireless, business enterprise and cable television/residential broadband.
“We were about $10 million in sales at the time (I bought it). This year, we’ll do about $4 billion,” Drendel said. “There were less than half a million cable TV subscribers when I bought it. ... There are 100 billion subscribers today. And you have to go with our equipment. That’s how much market share we have. Every cell tower you see, we have 75 percent of the world’s market for those antennas. We supply probably 75 percent of all the coaxial cable, fiber-optic cable, for cable TV. We operate in 130 countries.
“When I think about my days growing up in Paxton, the town had about 6,200 people when I was in school. It’s amazing to think about the fact that today I have 15,000 employees, three times the size of the town I grew up in.”
Drendel has only returned a handful of times to his hometown of Paxton in the past five decades. When the 69-year-old Drendel returns to the Paxton area on Thursday morning, he’ll be flying into Willard Airport in Savoy on his own private jet.
Later Thursday, he plans to have brunch with life-long friend Carl Hudson Jr. of Paxton, before giving a presentation to students at PBL High School.
His message to the students will be clear: “Every time you don’t think there’s an opportunity, there is an opportunity.”
To think, Drendel’s career could have been an opportunity missed if not for his former high school football coach’s insistence to pursue going to NIU.
“Without a doubt, I would never have had this career if he had not so fortunately put me up there,” Drendel said.
Drendel hasn’t forgotten his roots.
He remembers his days as an all-conference selection and team captain on the Mustangs football team. He remembers how he finally got on the field during his junior year when two starters got injured. He remembers how he set school records for most tackles per game his junior and senior years, then went on to play center linebacker and outside linebacker at NIU.
He thinks about how he lived on West Center Street, just blocks from where the new high school would be built shortly after he graduated. He still remembers the downtown. He still remembers “shooting the U” with his classmates on weekends.
Drendel never dreamed he would be where he is today, or that he would be honored for his achievements by his hometown.
“It was a total surprise,” Drendel said.
Drendel plans to be in Paxton for Thursday’s homecoming parade and Friday’s homecoming game before departing late Friday night or Saturday morning.
 

Login or register to post comments










 

Categories (2):News, PeopleLocation (3):Local, Paxton, Ford County 

Comments
The Paxton Record embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. we reserve the right to remove any comment at its discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting.

Login or register to post comments















 Harrison Park Golf Course
Buy a $36.00 certificate for only $18.00
Only 8 certificates left!




















Our SitesNews-GazetteDigital Services
e-Edition

IlliniHQ
NewsTalk 1400 WDWS-AM
Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS
107.9 WKIO
Community NewsCounty Star
Independent News
The Leader
LeRoy Farmer City Press
Mahomet Citizen
Paxton Record
Piatt County Journal-Republican
Rantoul Press

MagazinesAt Home 
Central Illinois Business













Contents of this site are Copyright © 2015 Paxton Record. All rights reserved.Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Contact Us | Our Clients












 
























Frank M. Drendel Named Bresnan Award Recipient | Multichannel



































Skip to main content





 



Broadcasting and Cable
TV Technology
TVB Europe
Next TV
NYC Television Week
MoreAV/PRO AUDIO
AV-IQ
AudioMedia.com
AudioProInternational.com
AVNetwork.com
Installation-International.com
MixOnline.com
ProSoundNetwork.com
PSNEurope.com
ResidentialSystems.com
BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO
Broadcast.it
CreativePlanetNetwork.com
GovernmentVideo.com
Licensing.biz
RadioMagOnline.com
RadioWorld.com
TV Tech Global
CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING
BikeBiz.com
Develop-Online.net
eSports Pro
MVCuk.com
Mobile-ent.biz
PCR-Online.biz
Twice.com
ToyNews-Online.biz
EDUCATION
Eduwire.com
SchoolCIO.com
TechLearning.com
MUSIC
BassPlayer.com
Emusician.com
GuitarAficionado.com
GuitarPlayer.com
GuitarWorld.com
KeyboardMag.com
MI-Pro.co.uk
MusicWeek.com
RevolverMag.com








































 







 







 









 
 

 













 































Search 




 












News

Back To Main
All News

Policy

Back To NEWS
All Policy
National Regulations
State Laws/Frachising
Courts
FCC



Distribution

Back To NEWS
All Distribution
Cable Operators
Telco TV
Internet Video
Satellite
OTT



Content

Back To NEWS
All Content
Networks
Programming
Ratings
Sports
VOD



Finance

Back To NEWS
All Finance
Carriage Deals
Retransmission Content
Transactions
Stocks/Earnings
Research



Marketing

Back To NEWS
All Marketing
Advertising
Social Media
Customer Service
Multicultural



Technology

Back To NEWS
All Technology
Broadband
Wireless
Video
Mobile
Voice



TV Everywhere

Back To NEWS
All TV Everywhere
TV Apps
Advanced Services
Interactive TV
HD TV
3D





Blogs

Back To Main
All BLOGS
As I Was Saying
Capital Letters
MCN Guest Blog
Mixed Signals
My Turn
On the Money
Picture This
Reynolds Rap
The Bauminator
Translation Please
Viewpoint



Events

Back To Main
All Events
Multichannel Events
Webinars
Industry Calendar
Cable TV Conventions
TV Awrds Shows



Images

Back To Main
All Images
Videos
Photos



Tech

Back To Main
Broadband
Mobile
The Bauminator
Translation Please
Video
Voice
Wireless



Subscribe

Back To Main
Subscibe
All Access Login
Newsletters
Digital Edition
Customer Service
Current Issue
Archive




















Search 




 























Jan
04
2017







People

Frank M. Drendel Named Bresnan Award Recipient
CommScope founder lauded for ethics in business, honored at Hall of Fame dinner April 26
1/04/2017  11:43 AM Eastern
 

By: MCN staff 





Frank M. Drendel 




The Cable Center said that Frank M. Drendel, chair of the board and founder of CommScope Inc., has been named the 2017 Bresnan Ethics in Business Award recipient. The award honors the late William J. Bresnan, founder and chairman of Bresnan Communications and longtime chairman of the board of The Cable Center. Drendel will be presented the industry accolade at the 20th annual Cable Hall of Fame celebration on April 26 at the Grand Hyatt Washington in Washington, D.C.
 
“It is a true honor to be named this year’s Bresnan Ethics in Business Award recipient,” Drendel said in a release. “Bill served as the best example of what ethics in business should be, and it is with great appreciation that I am being recognized with this award in his honor.”
 

“Frank has spent his entire career as a visionary leader and mentor in the cable television industry,” Nick Davatzes, chief executive officer emeritus, A+E Networks, and chairman of the Bresnan Award selection committee, said in the release. “He exemplifies ethics in business, and we are thrilled to present him this year’s Bresnan Ethics in Business Award.”
 
Drendel served as CommScope’s chief executive officer from his founding of the company in 1976 until its acquisition by The Carlyle Group in January 2011. He has served as chairman since 2011. While at CommScope, Drendel also served as a director of GI Delaware, a subsidiary of General Instrument Corp. and its predecessors from 1987 to 1992, a director of General Instrument Corp. from 1992 until 1997, and a director of NextLevel Systems Inc. (which was renamed General Instrument) from 1997 until January 2000. Before founding of the company, Drendel held various positions within the Comm/Scope division of Superior Continental from 1971 to 1976.
 
Drendel is a director of the Internet and Television Association (NCTA) and the SCTE Executive Council. He previously served on the board of Sprint Nextel Corporation, Nextel Communications, Inc., Tyco International Ltd., The Cable Center and C-SPAN.
 
Drendel has previously been inducted into the Cable Hall of Fame; won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Achievement in Engineering Development and received various NCTA awards. Other accolades include the Order of the Long Leaf Pine, the highest civilian award given by the State of North Carolina; and the 2013 North Carolina Technology Association Outstanding Achievement Award. He graduated from Northern Illinois University in 1970 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Marketing.
 
“Frank served as an invaluable member of our board and served as vice chairman for seven years. We are so pleased to honor him as this year’s Bresnan Ethics in Business Award honoree,” Jana L. Henthorn, president and CEO, The Cable Center, said in the release. “His dedication and steady guidance over the years has been instrumental to The Cable Center and to our entire industry.”
 
The Bresnan Ethics in Business award was created to honor outstanding men and women in the cable industry who best exemplify Bill Bresnan’s longstanding commitment to ethics in business. Previous recipients can be found at this link.
 
 




 

 
  Want to read more stories like this?
  Get our Free Newsletter Here!



        Tags:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        The Cable Center,   Cable Hall of Fame,   Bill Bresnan,   Frank Drendel,   CommScope,   General Instrument


 




Share This Post


 

 




View the discussion thread. 





PR Feed: 




Calrec Products at IBC2017
The H Collective to Release Wolf Warrior 2 on July 28
SUCCESS OF VOYAGE LEADS TV5MONDE AND SONIFI SOLUTIONS TO EXTEND NATIONAL HOTEL CHANNEL DEAL FOR 2-YEARS
SUCCESS OF VOYAGE LEADS TV5MONDE AND SONIFI SOLUTIONS TO EXTEND NATIONAL HOTEL CHANNEL DEAL FOR 2-YEARS  Renewal Deal also includes Feature Film-Driven TV5MONDE Cinema
SUCCESS OF VOYAGE LEADS TV5MONDE AND SONIFI SOLUTIONS TO EXTEND NATIONAL HOTEL CHANNEL DEAL FOR 2-YEARS
HBO Sports Renews Multi-Year Deal With ‘Real Sports’ Correspondent Andrea Kremer
A+E Networks To Release All-New Short-Form Series ‘Chloe Does It!’ Exclusively on YouTube
SIGGRAPH 2017 Announces Highlights from this Year's Emerging Technologies, Studio, and Real-Time LIVE! Programs
Mediacom Selects Edgewater Wireless' Aera Solution for Better Hospitality Wifi
Artel Video Systems at IBC2017





















 













Newsletter Signup

Free E-Newsletters
 Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters







 
















 











Talkback
Trending



View All →



Chris Ruddy's NewsMax Slams Sinclair-Tribune Merger


What A&E Wants You to Know About ‘Live PD’


Comcast Starts to Deploy 4K/HDR X1 Box


Charter Adds Wireless Exec Manish Jindal


Charter Targets Cord-Cutters With ‘Spectrum TV Stream’

















 









Related Stories


Capital Honors for New Hall of Famers
MCN Staff | Profiles courtesy of The Cable Center - 4/17/2017 02:59:00 PM America/New_York
Washington — There will be a lot of new wrinkles

Former Prime Cable CEO Robert Hughes Dies
Mike  Farrell - 3/06/2017 12:37:00 PM America/New_York
Robert Hughes, the former CEO of Prime Cable and a

NCTA Picks Date, Posh Venue for ‘High Level’ D.C. Tech, Talk Fest
John  Eggerton - 3/06/2017 08:00:00 AM America/New_York
According to sources, Washington, D.C.-based NCTA:
 
 








Subscribe Now



 









 


















Freeze Frame






Freeze Frame -- July 10, 2017





Next Wave of Leaders





VIDWeek 2017 





Freeze Frame -- June 19, 2017





Freeze Frame -- June 5, 2017





Freeze Frame -- May 22, 2017





Freeze Frame -- May 15, 2017





Freeze Frame -- April 17, 2017




See All →
 







 
 


















 








 
 
















Syfy Bringing Back ‘Wynonna Earp’ For Season ThreeVeteran Anchor Jim Vance Dead at 75Vice Lays Off 60 Workers, Ups Focus on VideoOp-Ed: Across the Political SpectrumWhite House Press Secretary Sean Spicer Resigns 



Shively Names Gillespie VP of Broadcast SalesAM Ground SystemsNTIA Says It’s Time to Ditch Obsolete PTFP RegulationsAlaska Station Faces Proposed $66K FineRadio Spider Simplifies Importing 



The Innovative Underwater Production of 'Chasing Coral'Prime-Time Presidency: Producing 'The Reagan Show'Automatic for the People: Editing and Your FutureDarkness Falls: The Origins of 'Ozark''City of Ghosts:' Video is the Weapon of Choice 



4K Tested and Approved: A Webinar Redefining Your Media WorkflowArtel Focusing on IP Migration at IBC 2017EditShare Spotlights Flow MAM Platform at IBC 2017The Effects of New Formats on LoudnessOTT: The Challenges of Infrastructure 









 



 













 








 













Frank M Drendel - Alexandria, VA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Frank M Drendel in Alexandria, VA


Frank M Drendel

                                                                           Intelius found that Frank M Drendel  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Alexandria, VA.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                9 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Frank Matthew Drendel
Frank N Drendel
Ceo  Frank Drendel Chairman


Get Report Now

Age

Frank M Drendel is in his 70s

Frank Has Lived In

Alexandria, VA
Hickory, NC
Kempton, IL

Frank's Relatives

Matthew Drendel
Shana Drendel
Marilyn Drendel







Frank M Drendel



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderMale



Professional Status
Managing Director at CommScope Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Frank? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Frank, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Frank M Drendel
Get a Criminal Check on Frank M Drendel
Get a Public Record Report on Frank M Drendel
Get a People Search Report on Frank M Drendel


Frank M Drendel's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Frank M Drendel has lived as well as Frank M Drendel's phone numbers and email addresses.




Frank M Drendel Has Lived in 3 States
Virginia Address for Frank M Drendel


1112 R********* L* 

Alexandria, VA


Has Lived In

Alexandria, VA
Hickory, NC


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Frank M Drendel

(828) ***-**** - Hickory, NC 
(828) ***-**** - Granite Falls, NC 
(828) ***-**** - Banner Elk, NC 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Frank M Drendel

c*******************n@***.com
f***********l@***.com
c*******************n@***.cop


Get Email Report




Frank M Drendel's Professional Information
Information regarding Frank M Drendel's professional history.  Find out previous places Frank M Drendel has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Frank M Drendel Has Worked at 8 Places
Company: CommScope Inc
               Title: Managing Director
Company: CommScope Inc
               Title: Chairman
Frank M Drendel's Experience
Title: Managing Director
               Company: CommScope Inc
Job Details
               CommScope (NASDAQ: COMM) helps companies around the world design, build and manage their wired and wireless networks. Our vast portfolio of network infrastructure includes some of the world's most robust and innovative wireless and fiber optic solutions. Our talented and experienced global team is driven to help customers increase bandwidth; maximize existing capacity; improve network performance and availability; increase energy efficiency; and simplify technology migration. You will find our solutions in the largest buildings, venues and outdoor spaces; in data centers and buildings of all shapes, sizes and complexity; at wireless cell sites; in telecom central offices and cable headends; in FTTx deployments; and in airports, trains, and tunnels. Vital networks around the world run on CommScope solutions. Follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn and like us on Facebook.
Title: Chairman
               Company: CommScope Inc
Job Details
               CommScope, Inc. (CommScope), along with its subsidiaries, is a provider of infrastructure solutions for communication networks. The Company, through its Andrew Solutions brand, offers radio frequency subsystem solutions for wireless networks. Through its SYSTIMAX and Uniprise brands, it provides network infrastructure solutions, delivering a physical layer solution, including cables and connectivity, enclosures, software, in-building wireless and network design services, for business enterprise applications and data centers. The Company is also the manufacturer of coaxial cable for broadband cable television networks and a provider of cabinets for digital subscriber line (DSL), fiber-to-the-node (FTTN) and wireless applications. CommScope operates in four segments: Antenna, Cable and Cabinet Group (ACCG); Enterprise; Broadband, and Wireless Network Solutions (WNS).
Additional Professional Information on Frank M Drendel

 See Frank M Drendel's LinkedIn Profile



Frank M Drendel's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Frank M Drendel


Frank M Drendel's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Frank M Drendel's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Frank Drendel
Username Matches

                  FrankDrendel
                  DrendelFrank
                  Frank.Drendel
                  Drendel.Frank
                  Frank_Drendel
                  Drendel_Frank
                  Frank-Drendel
                  Drendel-Frank
                  FDrendel
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
F Drendel







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











   Frank Drendel | National Cable & Telecommunications Association | ZoomInfo.com