

	DREXEL MORGAN & CO. Trademark of Drexel Morgan & Co.. Serial Number: 78539783 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
DREXEL MORGAN & CO.










 
Get FREE email alerts













DREXEL MORGAN & CO.  Trademark Information
 Drexel Morgan & Co.
financial services, namely, investment advisory services for investment funds, institutions, other entities, and individuals but not including investment banking or merchant banking




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         investment   advisory   services   investment   funds      institutions      entities      individuals   including   investment   banking   merchant   banking    
                                    




This is a brand page for the DREXEL MORGAN & CO. trademark by Drexel Morgan & Co. 
                                in RADNOR, PA, 190874546.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this DREXEL MORGAN & CO. trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Drexel Morgan & Co. of the DREXEL MORGAN & CO. trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the DREXEL MORGAN & CO. trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, December 29, 2004,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        DREXEL MORGAN & CO. by 
                        Drexel Morgan & Co., RADNOR, PA  190874546.
                        The USPTO has given the DREXEL MORGAN & CO. 
                        trademark serial  number of  78539783.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for DREXEL MORGAN & CO. is 
                        
                        
                                            Elliott J. Stein of 
                                            Stevens & Lee, P.C.,  Suite 200, 100 Lenox Drive Lawrenceville NJ 08648
                                .
                            The DREXEL MORGAN & CO. trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for DREXEL MORGAN & CO. 
                            is financial services, namely, investment advisory services for investment funds, institutions, other entities, and individuals but not including investment banking or merchant banking. 
                            





Word mark:
 DREXEL MORGAN & CO.


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED

3/2/2017



  Serial Number:  
78539783


  Filing Date:  
12/29/2004


 Registration Number:  
4064076 


 Registration Date:  
11/29/2011


 Goods and Services: 
financial services, namely, investment advisory services for investment funds, institutions, other entities, and individuals but not including investment banking or merchant banking


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
6/14/2011


Last Applicant/Owner:

Drexel Morgan & Co.RADNOR, PA  190874546
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("COMPANY")


 Correspondent:


Elliott J. Stein
Stevens & Lee, P.C.
Suite 200
100 Lenox Drive
Lawrenceville NJ 08648





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/1/2010


First Use In Commerce: 
1/1/2010





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your DREXEL MORGAN & CO. trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/2/2017
CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Elliott J. Stein


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of DREXEL MORGAN & CO. trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search drexelmorganco on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for DREXEL MORGAN & CO. 




DREXEL MORGAN & CO. is providing financial services, namely, investment advisory services for investment funds, institutions, other entities, and individuals but not including investment banking or merchant banking.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Paul Rovner, Drexel Morgan & Co: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  

























Feedback





Paul Rovner

Senior VP/CFO,
Drexel Morgan & Co






Career History




CFO/Treasurer
Haverford Financial Services Inc, 5/2008-PRESENT


VP/CFO/Treasurer
Haverford Trust Co, 2001-PRESENT


Senior VP/CFO
Drexel Morgan & Co LLC, PRESENT


CFO/VP
Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers Inc, PRESENT


VP/Secretary
Drexel Morgan & Co LLC, 10/2013-UNKNOWN


VP/Chief Operating Officer
Drexel Morgan & Co LLC, FORMER


Audit Manager
Deloitte & Touche LLP, FORMER


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Pennsylvania State University
Bachelor's Degree, Accounting








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Certified Public Accountant (CPA)




Series 27









Memberships



Other Memberships




Northern Childrens Services


Vice Chairman




American Institute of Certified Public Accountants


Member




Pennsylvania Institute of Certified Public Accountants


Member



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































J.P. Morgan & Co. - Wikipedia





















 






J.P. Morgan & Co.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Drexel, Morgan & Co.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"House of Morgan" redirects here. For the building, see 23 Wall Street. For the Welsh dynasty descended from Morgan Hen, see kings of Morgannwg.
See also: JPMorgan Chase and J. P. Morgan

J.P. Morgan & Co.





Type

Subsidiary


Industry
Investment banking, commercial banking, asset management


Fate
Merged with Chase Manhattan Bank in 2000


Founded
1871; 146 years ago (1871)


Founder
J. P. Morgan


Headquarters
New York City, New York, United States



Number of employees

26,314 (2010)


Parent
JPMorgan Chase


Website
www.jpmorgan.com


J.P. Morgan & Co. is a commercial and investment banking institution based in the United States founded by John Pierpont Morgan and commonly known as the "House of Morgan" or simply "Morgan". The firm is a predecessor of three of the largest banking institutions in the United States and globally, JPMorgan Chase, Morgan Stanley, and Deutsche Bank (via Morgan, Grenfell & Co.), along with a hand in the formation of Drexel Burnham Lambert.
In 2000, J.P. Morgan & Co. merged with Chase Manhattan Bank to form JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the largest global banking institutions. Today, the "J.P. Morgan" brand is used to market certain JPMorgan Chase wholesale businesses, including investment banking, commercial banking and asset management. The J.P. Morgan branding was revamped in 2008 to return to its more traditional appearance after several years of depicting the "Chase" symbol to the right of a condensed and modernized "JPMorgan".
Between 1959 and 1989, J.P. Morgan operated as the Morgan Guaranty Trust, following its merger with the Guaranty Trust Company of New York.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Early history
1.2 The House of Morgan
1.3 Finances Allied bonds during World War I
1.4 Glass–Steagall and Morgan Stanley
1.5 Morgan Guaranty Trust
1.6 Return of J.P. Morgan & Co.
1.7 JPMorgan Chase


2 Footnotes
3 Further reading
4 External links



History[edit]
Early history[edit]




23 Wall Street. Former headquarters of J.P. Morgan & Co.


The origins of the firm date back to 1854 when Junius S. Morgan joined George Peabody & Co. (which became Peabody, Morgan & Co.), a London-based banking business headed by George Peabody. Junius took control of the firm, changing its name to J.S. Morgan & Co. in 1864 on Peabody's retirement. Junius' son, J. Pierpont Morgan, first apprenticed at Duncan, Sherman and Company in the New York City, then founded his own firm with a cousin, J. Pierpont Morgan & Company, in 1864.[1] J. Pierpont Morgan & Company traded in government bonds and foreign exchange. It also acted as an agent for Peabody’s. Junius, however, considered some of Pierpont’s ventures to be highly speculative. So, Pierpont took on Charles H. Dabney, a connection established when he was sent to the Azores as a child, as a senior partner and the firm was known first as Dabney, Morgan and Company (beginning in 1864), then "Drexel, Morgan & Co." (in 1871). In these firms, Pierpont used his Peabody connection to bring British financial capital together with rapidly growing U.S. industrial firms, such as railroads, who needed financial capital.[2] The Drexel of Drexel, Morgan & Co. was Philadelphia banker Anthony J. Drexel, founder of what is now Drexel University.[3]
The House of Morgan[edit]
On Junius’ death in 1890, Pierpont Morgan took his place at J.S. Morgan and Company. After Drexel’s death, Drexel, Morgan reorganized in 1895 and became J.P. Morgan and Company, eventually becoming one of the most powerful banking companies in the world and helping to transform the United States from an economic novice into the strongest industrial power in the world at that time.[2] It financed the formation of the United States Steel Corporation, which took over the business of Andrew Carnegie and others and was the world's first billion-dollar corporation. In 1895, it supplied the United States government with $62 million in gold to float a bond issue and restore the treasury surplus of $100 million. In 1892, the company began to finance the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad and led it through a series of acquisitions that made it the dominant railroad transporter in New England.




The Wall Street bombing September 16, 1920: a bomb exploded in front of the headquarters of J.P. Morgan Inc. at 23 Wall Street, injuring 400 and killing 38 people.


Built in 1914, 23 Wall Street was known as "The Corner" and "The House of Morgan," and for decades the bank's headquarters was the most important address in American finance. At noon, on September 16, 1920, an anarchist bomb exploded in front of the bank, killing 38 and injuring 400. Shortly before the bomb went off, an unknown person placed a warning note in a mailbox at the corner of Cedar Street and Broadway. The warning read: "Remember we will not tolerate any longer. Free the political prisoners or it will be sure death for all of you. American Anarchists Fighters." While theories abound about who was behind the Wall Street bombing and why they did it, after twenty years of investigation the FBI rendered the file inactive in 1940 without ever finding the perpetrators.
Finances Allied bonds during World War I[edit]
In August 1914, Henry P. Davison, a Morgan partner, traveled to London and made a deal with the Bank of England to make J.P. Morgan & Co. the sole underwriter of war bonds for Great Britain and France. The Bank of England became a fiscal agent of J.P. Morgan & Co., and vice versa. Over the course of the war, J.P. Morgan loaned about $1.5 billion (approximately $20.92 billion in today's dollars) to the Allies to fight against the Germans.[4]:63 The company also invested in the suppliers of war equipment to Britain and France, thus profiting from the financing and purchasing activities of the two European governments.
During the early 1920s, J.P. Morgan & Co. was active in promoting banks in the southern hemisphere, including the Bank of Central and South America.
Glass–Steagall and Morgan Stanley[edit]
In 1933, the provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act forced J.P. Morgan & Co. to separate its investment banking from its commercial banking operations. J.P. Morgan & Co. chose to operate as a commercial bank, because after the stock market crash of 1929, investment banking was in some disrepute and commercial lending was perceived to be more the profitable and prestigious business. Additionally, many within J.P. Morgan believed that a change in the political climate would allow the company to resume its securities businesses but that it would be nearly impossible to reconstitute the bank if it were disassembled.
In 1935, after being barred from securities business for over a year, the heads of J.P. Morgan made the decision to spin off its investment banking operations. Two J.P. Morgan partners, Henry S. Morgan (son of Jack Morgan and grandson of J. Pierpont Morgan) and Harold Stanley, founded Morgan Stanley on September 16, 1935 with $6.6 million of nonvoting preferred stock from J.P. Morgan partners. At the beginning, Morgan Stanley's headquarters were at 2 Wall Street, just down the street from J.P. Morgan, and Morgan Stanley bankers routinely used 23 Wall Street when closing transactions.




Morgan Guaranty logo ca. 1976


Morgan Guaranty Trust[edit]
In the years following the spin-off of Morgan Stanley, the securities business proved robust, while the parent firm, which incorporated in 1940,[5] was a little sleepy. By the 1950s J.P. Morgan was only a mid-size bank. In order to bolster its position, in 1959, J.P. Morgan merged with the Guaranty Trust Company of New York to form the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company. The two banks already had numerous relationships between them and had complementary characteristics as J.P. Morgan brought a prestigious name and high quality clients and bankers while Guaranty Trust brought a significant amount of capital. Although Guaranty Trust was nearly four times the size of J.P. Morgan at the time of the merger in 1959, J.P. Morgan was considered the buyer and nominal survivor and former J.P. Morgan employees were the primary managers of the merged company.
Return of J.P. Morgan & Co.[edit]




J.P. Morgan & Co. logo prior to its merger with Chase Manhattan Bank in 2000


Ten years after the merger, Morgan Guaranty established a bank holding company called J.P. Morgan & Co. Incorporated, but continued to operate as Morgan Guaranty through the 1980s before beginning to migrate back to use of the J.P. Morgan brand. In 1988, the company once again began operating exclusively as J.P. Morgan & Co.
Also in the 1980s, J.P. Morgan along with other commercial banks pushed the envelope of product offerings toward investment banking, beginning with the issuance of commercial paper. In 1989, the Federal Reserve permitted J.P. Morgan to be the first commercial bank to underwrite a corporate debt offering.[6] In the 1990s, J.P. Morgan moved quickly to rebuild its investment banking operations and by the late 1990s would emerge as a top-five player in securities underwriting.
JPMorgan Chase[edit]




JPMorgan logo prior to its 2008 rebranding


By the late 1990s, J.P. Morgan had emerged as a large but not dominant commercial and investment banking franchise with an attractive brand name and a strong presence in debt and equity securities underwriting. Beginning in 1998, J.P. Morgan openly discussed the possibility of a merger, and speculation of a pairing with banks including Goldman Sachs, Chase Manhattan Bank, Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank AG was prevalent.[7] Chase Manhattan had emerged as one of the largest and fastest growing commercial banks in the United States through a series of mergers over the previous decade. In 2000 Chase, which was looking for yet another transformational merger to improve its position in investment banking, merged with J.P. Morgan to form JPMorgan Chase & Co.[8][9] The combined JPMorgan Chase would become one of the largest banks both in the United States and globally offering a full complement of investment banking, commercial banking, retail banking, asset management, private banking and private equity businesses.
Footnotes[edit]


^ Moody, John (1919). The Masters of capitalism. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. pp. 12–13. Retrieved May 5, 2015. 
^ a b Morgan: American Financier by Jean Strouse
^ Drexel's father, Francis Martin Drexel, founded Drexel & Company, which was a predecessor of Drexel Burnham Lambert; DBL collapsed in 1990.
^ Geoffrey Wolff (2003). Black Sun: The Brief Transit and Violent Eclipse of Harry Crosby. New York Review of Books. ISBN 1-59017-066-0. 
^ "New York Bank History". Scripophily.com. Retrieved August 2, 2007. 
^ On July 13, 1989 J.P. Morgan & Co. underwrote an offering of 9.20% notes for Xerox Corporation, the first corporate debt offering underwritten by a commercial bank in the United States since 1933.
^ J. P. Morgan Weighs Merger And Cuts Jobs (New York TImes, 1998)
^ Banking's Big Deal: The Trend; A Deal Built on Weakness, and Strength (New York Times, September 13, 2000)
^ Banking's Big Deal: The Overview; Chase Is Reported On Verge of Deal to Obtain Morgan (New York Times, September 13, 2000)


Further reading[edit]

Carosso, Vincent P. The Morgans: Private International Bankers, 1854-1913. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1987.
Carosso, Vincent P. Investment Banking in America: A History. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1970.
Chernow, Ron. The House of Morgan: An American Banking Dynasty and the Rise of Modern Finance, (2001) ISBN 0-8021-3829-2
Fraser, Steve. Every Man a Speculator: A History of Wall Street in American Life. New York:HarperCollins, 2005.
Geisst, Charles R. Wall Street: A History from Its Beginnings to the Fall of Enron. Oxford University Press. 2004. online edition
Moody, John. The Masters of Capital: A Chronicle of Wall Street. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 1921.
Morris, Charles R. The Tycoons: How Andrew Carnegie, John D. Rockefeller, Jay Gould, and J. P. Morgan Invented the American Supereconomy (2005) ISBN 978-0-8050-8134-3
Pak, Susie J. Gentlemen Bankers: The World of J.P. Morgan. (Harvard University Press, 2013) excerpt, 1890s-1930s
Strouse, Jean. Morgan: American Financier. Random House, 1999. 796 pp. ISBN 978-0-679-46275-0

External links[edit]

Official J.P. Morgan & Co. website







v
t
e


JPMorgan Chase



Divisions



J.P. Morgan & Co.
Chase Bank
Chase Paymentech
Chase Card Services Canada
EMC Mortgage Company
Highbridge Capital Management
J.P. Morgan Cazenove
One Equity Partners





Notable current executives



Jamie Dimon (CEO)
Matthew E. Zames
Steven Black
Jing Ulrich





Notable former executives



John Pierpont Morgan
J. P. Morgan Jr.
Junius Spencer Morgan
George Peabody
Henry Sturgis Morgan
David Rockefeller
William B. Harrison Jr.
John B. McCoy
Walter V. Shipley
Douglas A. Warner III
Temple Bowdoin
Jes Staley
Blythe Masters
James B. Lee Jr.
Thomas W. Lamont
Dennis Weatherstone
John J. McCloy
Winthrop Aldrich





Board of directors



Crandall C. Bowles
Stephen B. Burke
David M. Cote
James S. Crown
Jamie Dimon
Ellen V. Futter
William H. Gray
Laban P. Jackson Jr.
David C. Novak
Lee R. Raymond
William C. Weldon





Historical components



American Fletcher
Anchor Savings Bank
Banca Commerciale Italiana Trust Co.
Bank One Corporation
The Manhattan Company
Bank United of Texas
Bear Stearns
CenTrust Bank
Chase Manhattan Bank
Chemical Bank
Corn Exchange Bank
Dime Savings Bank of New York
First Chicago Bank
First USA Bank
Great Western Bank
Hambrecht & Quist
H. F. Ahmanson & Co.
Indiana National
Jardine Fleming
J.P. Morgan & Co.
Lincoln Savings
Manufacturers Hanover
National Bank of Detroit
National Park Bank
New York Trust Company
Providian
Robert Fleming & Co.
State Bank of Chicago
Texas Commerce Bank
Valley National Bank of Arizona
Washington Mutual





Buildings



125 London Wall
245 Park Avenue
25 Bank Street
270 Park Avenue
277 Park Avenue
383 Madison Avenue
Chase Field
Chase Tower (Amarillo)
Chase Tower (Chicago)
Chase Tower (Dallas)
Chase Tower (El Paso)
Chase Tower (Englewood, Colorado)
Chase Tower (Indianapolis)
Chase Tower (Milwaukee)
Chase Tower (Oklahoma City)
Chase Tower (Phoenix)
Chase Tower (Rochester)
Chater House
Indiana Michigan Power Center (Fort Wayne)
JPMorgan Chase Building (San Francisco)
JPMorgan Chase Tower (Houston)
McCoy Building
One Chase Manhattan Plaza
The Qube (Detroit)








 Category
 Commons
 Wikiversity












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=J.P._Morgan_%26_Co.&oldid=792015749"					
Categories: House of MorganFormer investment banksInvestment banks in the United StatesHedge fund firms of the United StatesHistory of bankingHedge fund firms in New York CityInvestment companies based in New York CityAmerican companies established in 1871Banks established in 1871Financial services companies established in 1871Banks disestablished in 2000Financial services companies disestablished in 20001871 establishments in New York2000 disestablishments in New York20th century in New York CityJPMorgan ChaseHidden categories: Use mdy dates from January 2015 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسیFrançaisBahasa IndonesiaҚазақшаLietuviųРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 22:47.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 



















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.









Our Process | Drexel Morgan
















Skip to main content









Drexel Morgan


 

Main menuWelcome
Our Services
Our Philosophy
Our Process
About Us
Our Publications
Inquiries
  
 


Secondary menuAsset Allocation
Manager Selection
Informed Perseverance
Risk Management
Alternative Investments
  
You are hereHome



Our Process Sidebar

Effective wealth
management requires
a 360° perspective. 


 



          Our Process        








Our Investment Process
In our view, successful investing begins with a carefully crafted strategic asset allocation framework that addresses each client’s individual goals and risk tolerance. The first critical step is defining the optimal asset allocation, followed by careful manager selection and effective ongoing portfolio and risk management.
As asset allocation is a primary driver of performance; each portfolio we construct is completely customized, appropriately diversified according to each client's stated goals and optimized based on the risk/reward profiles of the asset classes included. Within each asset class, we select a range of quality active managers capable of implementing each particular investment strategy.
Aware of big picture developments, market dynamics and how our select managers are addressing them, we invest first and foremost from an informed macro economic perspective.
Making informed tactical adjustments to capture opportunity and provide protection from incipient risks are two factors essential to building long-term wealth. We thoughtfully take risks when potential returns justify them, and tactically position away from them as market conditions dictate. 




 
 




Footer Links Top

Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc.
Three Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 305
Radnor, PA 19087
610-971-1901
Fax 610-971-1909
Directions
 


Footer Bottom


Disclaimers + Terms of Use
©2017 Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc.
 


Disclaimers and Terms of Use

Disclaimers


All information contained herein is based on past performance and is not intended to be indicative of future results. All data provided are current as of December 31, 2015.
This website was prepared for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation, offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or financial instrument or to participate in any investment strategy.
This website was prepared for sophisticated investors who are capable of understanding the risks associated with the investments described herein.
Certain financial instruments and transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. You should consult your business adviser, attorney and tax and accounting advisers with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment.
This website must not be provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers (“DMCA”) is not authorized to provide such information or services.
The views and opinions expressed above are those of the portfolio management team at the time of writing, are subject to change based on market, economic and other conditions, and should not be construed as recommendation or investment advice.
This material may not be reproduced or distributed.


Registration of an Investment Adviser does not imply any level of skill or training
Estimated as of December 31, 2015, Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers advises or consults on approximately $5.1 billion in assets. Approximately $1.1 billion involves assets under management for accounts receiving continuous and regular supervisory or management services, and approximately $1.2 billion involves consulting assets where Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers provides continuous and regular supervision for assets under management with other investment advisers. The remainder, approximately $2.8 billion, involves consulting assets overseen on a periodic or event-driven basis based on clients’ requirements.
Risk of Loss
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that clients should be prepared to bear and there is no guarantee that any investment strategy will meet its objective.
Alternative Investments
Investment in alternative investment products requires that the investor meet certain suitability standards, and therefore, may not be suitable for all investors. Alternative investments are speculative, involve a high degree of risk, are typically highly illiquid and engage in leverage or other speculative practices that may increase volatility and risk of loss. Investors could lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, alternative investments typically have higher fees than other investments which will lower returns.


Terms of Use


Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By accessing this website and any pages hereof, you are indicating that you have read, acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not access this website. Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers (“DMCA”) reserves the right to change these Terms of Use, which you are responsible for regularly reviewing and your continued use of this website constitutes agreement to all such changes.
DMCA reserves the right, in its sole discretion, without any obligation and without any notice requirement, to change, improve or correct the information, materials and descriptions on this website and to suspend and/or deny access to this website for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, upgrades, improvements or corrections. The information and materials on this website may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies. Any dated information is published as of its date only, and DMCA does not undertake any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any such information. DMCA may discontinue or change any product or service described in or offered on this website at any time.
None of the information contained in this website constitutes a recommendation, solicitation or offer by DMCA to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments or provide any investment advice or service.


The information contained in this website has been prepared without reference to any particular user’s investment requirements or financial situation. Certain transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. Prior to the execution of any transaction by you involving information you received from this website, you should consult your business advisor, attorney and tax and accounting advisors with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment.
Pricing and other information generated through the use of data or services made available herein may not reflect actual prices or values that would be available in the market at the time provided or at the time that the user may want to purchase or sell a particular security or other instrument. The information and services provided on this website are not provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where DMCA is not authorized to provide such information or services. Some products and services described in this website may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all clients. The information in this website is only directed to U.S. residents.

 


 
 
 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Inquiries | Drexel Morgan

















Skip to main content









Drexel Morgan


 

Main menuWelcome
Our Services
Our Philosophy
Our Process
About Us
Our Publications
Inquiries
  
 

You are hereHome



Contact Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers

Contact Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers
Three Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 305
Radnor, PA 19087

Directions
(Click map to launch directions via Google maps.)
 


 



          Inquiries        








Have Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers Contact you
Please complete the following form to learn more about Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers.
Contact Preference
Preference 

  Please send me more information about Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers and have someone contact me. 


  Please email me new Drexel Morgan publications as they become available. 




Name *



Email *



Phone 



Time 

Best time to call you (optional)


Message 
Message (Optional)







 




 
 




Footer Links Top

Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc.
Three Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 305
Radnor, PA 19087
610-971-1901
Fax 610-971-1909
Directions
 


Footer Bottom


Disclaimers + Terms of Use
©2017 Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc.
 


Disclaimers and Terms of Use

Disclaimers


All information contained herein is based on past performance and is not intended to be indicative of future results. All data provided are current as of December 31, 2015.
This website was prepared for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation, offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or financial instrument or to participate in any investment strategy.
This website was prepared for sophisticated investors who are capable of understanding the risks associated with the investments described herein.
Certain financial instruments and transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. You should consult your business adviser, attorney and tax and accounting advisers with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment.
This website must not be provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers (“DMCA”) is not authorized to provide such information or services.
The views and opinions expressed above are those of the portfolio management team at the time of writing, are subject to change based on market, economic and other conditions, and should not be construed as recommendation or investment advice.
This material may not be reproduced or distributed.


Registration of an Investment Adviser does not imply any level of skill or training
Estimated as of December 31, 2015, Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers advises or consults on approximately $5.1 billion in assets. Approximately $1.1 billion involves assets under management for accounts receiving continuous and regular supervisory or management services, and approximately $1.2 billion involves consulting assets where Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers provides continuous and regular supervision for assets under management with other investment advisers. The remainder, approximately $2.8 billion, involves consulting assets overseen on a periodic or event-driven basis based on clients’ requirements.
Risk of Loss
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that clients should be prepared to bear and there is no guarantee that any investment strategy will meet its objective.
Alternative Investments
Investment in alternative investment products requires that the investor meet certain suitability standards, and therefore, may not be suitable for all investors. Alternative investments are speculative, involve a high degree of risk, are typically highly illiquid and engage in leverage or other speculative practices that may increase volatility and risk of loss. Investors could lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, alternative investments typically have higher fees than other investments which will lower returns.


Terms of Use


Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By accessing this website and any pages hereof, you are indicating that you have read, acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not access this website. Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers (“DMCA”) reserves the right to change these Terms of Use, which you are responsible for regularly reviewing and your continued use of this website constitutes agreement to all such changes.
DMCA reserves the right, in its sole discretion, without any obligation and without any notice requirement, to change, improve or correct the information, materials and descriptions on this website and to suspend and/or deny access to this website for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, upgrades, improvements or corrections. The information and materials on this website may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies. Any dated information is published as of its date only, and DMCA does not undertake any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any such information. DMCA may discontinue or change any product or service described in or offered on this website at any time.
None of the information contained in this website constitutes a recommendation, solicitation or offer by DMCA to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments or provide any investment advice or service.


The information contained in this website has been prepared without reference to any particular user’s investment requirements or financial situation. Certain transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. Prior to the execution of any transaction by you involving information you received from this website, you should consult your business advisor, attorney and tax and accounting advisors with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment.
Pricing and other information generated through the use of data or services made available herein may not reflect actual prices or values that would be available in the market at the time provided or at the time that the user may want to purchase or sell a particular security or other instrument. The information and services provided on this website are not provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where DMCA is not authorized to provide such information or services. Some products and services described in this website may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all clients. The information in this website is only directed to U.S. residents.

 


 
 
 









Our Publications | Drexel Morgan

















Skip to main content









Drexel Morgan


 

Main menuWelcome
Our Services
Our Philosophy
Our Process
About Us
Our Publications
Inquiries
  
 

You are hereHome



Drexel Morgan Publications Archive




 

Global Economic and Market Commentary Second Quarter 2017
MORE >
  

 

Global Economic and Market Commentary First Quarter 2017
MORE >
  

 

Global Economic and Market Commentary Fourth Quarter 2016
MORE >
  

 
Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers Economic Outlook

Third Quarter 2016
MORE >
  

 
Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers Economic Outlook

Second Quarter 2016
MORE >
  

 
The Impact of Brexit on Global Markets

June 24, 2016
MORE >
  

 
Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers Economic Outlook

James L. McCabe
MORE >
  

 
Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers Economic Outlook

Fourth Quarter 2015
MORE >
  

 
Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers Economic Outlook

Third Quarter 2015
MORE >
  

 
Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers Economic Outlook

Second Quarter 2015
MORE >
  

 
The Greek Crisis - The Third Episode

James L. McCabe & Mark E. McCarron
MORE >
  

 
The Greek Crisis - The Second Episode

James L. McCabe & Mark E. McCarron
MORE >
  

 
The Greek Crisis

James L. McCabe & Mark E. McCarron
MORE >
  

 
Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers Economic Outlook

First Quarter 2015
MORE >
  

 
The McCabe Perspective

Fourth Quarter 2014
MORE >
  

 
The McCabe Perspective

Third Quarter 2014
MORE >
  

 
The McCabe Perspective

Second Quarter 2014
MORE >
  

 
The McCabe Perspective

First Quarter 2014
MORE >
  

 
The McCabe Perspective

Fourth Quarter 2013
MORE >
  

 
The McCabe Perspective

Third Quarter 2013
MORE >
  

 
The McCabe Perspective

Second Quarter 2013
MORE >
  

 
The McCabe Perspective

First Quarter 2013
MORE >
  

 
The McCabe Perspective

Fourth Quarter 2012
MORE >
  

 
The McCabe Perspective 

Third Quarter 2012
MORE >
  

 
Economic and Market Commentary

Second Quarter 2012
MORE >
  

 
Observations on the Euro Zone Crisis

May 16, 2012
MORE >
  

 
Economic and Market Commentary

First Quarter 2012
MORE >
  

 


Publications Sidebar

Global perspective and insight provide a strong foundation.
Receive Publications via Email
Publication Archive 


Drexel Morgan Publications


Name *



Email *



Phone 



Country *








 


 



          Our Publications        









Name *



Email *



Phone 



Country *








 




Our Recent Publications




 

Global Economic and Market Commentary Second Quarter 2017
“The Goldilocks economy has increased the appetite for risk assets."
MORE >
  

 

Global Economic and Market Commentary First Quarter 2017
“A recent suggestion that policy gridlock should now be embraced as a buying opportunity is too convenient as those same strategists urged us to buy last November in anticipation of what a Republican controlled government would accomplish.”
Kopin Tan, Barron’s, “The Pause that Refreshes.”
MORE >
  

 

Global Economic and Market Commentary Fourth Quarter 2016
“[T]he Trump administration could have a much bigger impact on the US economy than one would calculate on the basis of changes in tax and spending policies alone because it could ignite animal spirits and attract productive capital…”  Ray Dalio, Bridgewater Associates. December 19, 2016.
MORE >
  

 
Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers Economic Outlook

Third Quarter 2016
“…investors would be well advised to remember that there is an impending limit to how much liquidity injections can protect markets from underlying economic reality.”
MORE >
  

 


 
 




Footer Links Top

Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc.
Three Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 305
Radnor, PA 19087
610-971-1901
Fax 610-971-1909
Directions
 


Footer Bottom


Disclaimers + Terms of Use
©2017 Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc.
 


Disclaimers and Terms of Use

Disclaimers


All information contained herein is based on past performance and is not intended to be indicative of future results. All data provided are current as of December 31, 2015.
This website was prepared for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation, offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or financial instrument or to participate in any investment strategy.
This website was prepared for sophisticated investors who are capable of understanding the risks associated with the investments described herein.
Certain financial instruments and transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. You should consult your business adviser, attorney and tax and accounting advisers with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment.
This website must not be provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers (“DMCA”) is not authorized to provide such information or services.
The views and opinions expressed above are those of the portfolio management team at the time of writing, are subject to change based on market, economic and other conditions, and should not be construed as recommendation or investment advice.
This material may not be reproduced or distributed.


Registration of an Investment Adviser does not imply any level of skill or training
Estimated as of December 31, 2015, Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers advises or consults on approximately $5.1 billion in assets. Approximately $1.1 billion involves assets under management for accounts receiving continuous and regular supervisory or management services, and approximately $1.2 billion involves consulting assets where Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers provides continuous and regular supervision for assets under management with other investment advisers. The remainder, approximately $2.8 billion, involves consulting assets overseen on a periodic or event-driven basis based on clients’ requirements.
Risk of Loss
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that clients should be prepared to bear and there is no guarantee that any investment strategy will meet its objective.
Alternative Investments
Investment in alternative investment products requires that the investor meet certain suitability standards, and therefore, may not be suitable for all investors. Alternative investments are speculative, involve a high degree of risk, are typically highly illiquid and engage in leverage or other speculative practices that may increase volatility and risk of loss. Investors could lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, alternative investments typically have higher fees than other investments which will lower returns.


Terms of Use


Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By accessing this website and any pages hereof, you are indicating that you have read, acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not access this website. Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers (“DMCA”) reserves the right to change these Terms of Use, which you are responsible for regularly reviewing and your continued use of this website constitutes agreement to all such changes.
DMCA reserves the right, in its sole discretion, without any obligation and without any notice requirement, to change, improve or correct the information, materials and descriptions on this website and to suspend and/or deny access to this website for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, upgrades, improvements or corrections. The information and materials on this website may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies. Any dated information is published as of its date only, and DMCA does not undertake any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any such information. DMCA may discontinue or change any product or service described in or offered on this website at any time.
None of the information contained in this website constitutes a recommendation, solicitation or offer by DMCA to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments or provide any investment advice or service.


The information contained in this website has been prepared without reference to any particular user’s investment requirements or financial situation. Certain transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. Prior to the execution of any transaction by you involving information you received from this website, you should consult your business advisor, attorney and tax and accounting advisors with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment.
Pricing and other information generated through the use of data or services made available herein may not reflect actual prices or values that would be available in the market at the time provided or at the time that the user may want to purchase or sell a particular security or other instrument. The information and services provided on this website are not provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where DMCA is not authorized to provide such information or services. Some products and services described in this website may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all clients. The information in this website is only directed to U.S. residents.

 


 
 
 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version





















Investment Philosophy | Drexel Morgan & Co.


















Skip to main content









Drexel Morgan & Co.


 


Main menuOur Heritage
Investment Philosophy
Investment Process
Equity Investments
Fixed Income Investments
About Us
Inquiries
  
 

You are hereHome



Investment Philosophy Blue Box

Investment Philosophy 


 



          Investment Philosophy        








Because we recognize that each client’s goals are unique, our approach is personalized, designed to fulfill investment needs and objectives over the long term.


Once these goals have been identified and clarified, we develop a customized portfolio, seeking optimal returns with minimal market risk. Core to our philosophy is the belief that preserving the net value of assets under management is of primary concern. The intent of this is to enable clients to remain confident in their strategies, realize long-term goals, and provide for future generations.
Staying true to our philosophy includes being unapologetically conservative, while still pursuing growth. This unique approach is designed to visibly contribute to our clients’ long-term total return performance.


In keeping with these values, we avoid “fad” investments and prefer to commit funds to established, quality investments.
We place trust in equities, which we believe will deliver. Today’s markets have placed opportunity values on many of those same investments, underscoring their value. By reducing price volatility, which may occur with catch-up investing, we instead concentrate on preservation of principal.

 




 
 




Footer Links Top

Three Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 450
Radnor, PA 19087
610-995-8733
Fax 610-995-8795
Directions
 


Footer Bottom


Disclaimers + Terms of Use
©2017 Drexel Morgan & Co.
 


Disclaimers and Terms of Use

Disclaimers

This website was prepared for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation, offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or financial instrument or to participate in any investment strategy.
This website must not be provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan & Co. is not authorized to provide such information or services.


The views and opinions expressed above are those of the portfolio management team at the time of writing, are subject to change based on market, economic and other conditions, and should not be construed as recommendation or investment advice. This material may not be reproduced or distributed. Registration of an Investment Adviser does not imply any level of skill or training.
Risk of Loss
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that clients should be prepared to bear and there is no guarantee that any investment strategy will meet its objective.

Terms of Use

Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By accessing this website and any pages hereof, you are indicating that you have read, acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not access this website. Drexel Morgan & Co. (Drexel Morgan) reserves the right to change these Terms of Use, which you are responsible for regularly reviewing and your continued use of this website constitutes agreement to all such changes.
Drexel Morgan reserves the right, in its sole discretion, without any obligation and without any notice requirement, to change, improve or correct the information, materials and descriptions on this website and to suspend and/or deny access to this website for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, upgrades, improvements or corrections. The information and materials on this website may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies. Any dated information is published as of its date only, and Drexel Morgan does not undertake any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any such information. Drexel Morgan may discontinue or change any product or service described in or offered on this website at any time.
None of the information contained in this website constitutes a recommendation, solicitation or offer by Drexel Morgan to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments or provide any investment advice or service.


The information contained in this website has been prepared without reference to any particular user’s investment requirements or financial situation. Certain transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. Prior to the execution of any transaction by you involving information you received from this website, you should consult your business advisor, attorney and tax and accounting advisors with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment. Pricing and other information generated through the use of data or services made available herein may not reflect actual prices or values that would be available in the market at the time provided or at the time that the user may want to purchase or sell a particular security or other instrument.
The information and services provided on this website are not provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan is not authorized to provide such information or services. Some products and services described in this website may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all clients.

 


George W. Connell

George W. Connell - President
 
Mr. George Connell is the Founder and a current Director of The Haverford Trust Company, Director of Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc. and Haverford Financial Services, which are subsidiaries of Drexel Morgan & Co.
George established the Haverford Quality Investing® investment philosophy. The Haverford Trust Company has followed this historically successful and disciplined process since its inception in 1979. George has more than 50 years of investment management experience and serves as a member of the Executive Committees for Drexel Morgan & Co. and The Haverford Trust Company.
 
Education:
 
B.S. from the Wharton School,  University of Pennsylvania
 
Board Affiliations & Professional Memberships:
 
Trustee and Finance Committee Chairman, Caroline A. Buck Foundation (1991-Present)
Hospitality Committee, Devon Horse Show & Country Fair FBO Bryn Mawr Hospital (1995-Present)
Trustee Emeritus and Finance Committee Member (current), Morris Arboretum (1974-Present)
Trustee, Academy in Manayunk (2002-Present)
Finance Committee, Project Home (2013-Present)
Board of Overseers, University of Pennsylvania Athletic Association (1994-Present)
 
Previous Experience:
 
Founder & Chief Investment Officer, Rittenhouse Financial Services
Principal & Chair of the Investment Selection Committee, Drexel & Co.
Corporate Research Analyst, J.P. Morgan & Company
Investment Manager (2003-2012), WW Smith Foundation
Investment Manager (1961-2000), Society of the Holy Child Jesus
Investment Manager (1993-2000), Philadelphia Pension Fund
Investment Manager (1977-1995), Graduate Hospital Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1983-1990), Rosemont College Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1967-1983), Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament Founded by St. Katherine Drexel
Investment Manager (1968-1983), Douty Foundation
Investment Manager (1963-1973), University of Pennsylvania Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1973-1982), Drexel University Endowment Fund
 
Previous Board Affiliations:
 
Finance Committee Chairman, Northern Home for Children (1961-2006)
Finance Committee Chairman and Board Vice Chairman, Historical Society of Pennsylvania (1974-2000)
Director and Finance Committee Chairman, National Rolling Mills (1976-2012)
Trustee and Finance Committee Chairman, Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts (1995-2000)
Trustee, Providence Center, A Ministry of the Society of the Holy Child Jesus (1993-Present)
 


 
 
 









Welcome | Drexel Morgan
















Skip to main content









Drexel Morgan


 

Main menuWelcome
Our Services
Our Philosophy
Our Process
About Us
Our Publications
Inquiries
  
 




Welcome Sidebar

Welcome toDrexel MorganCapital Advisers: Building Wealth 
for Generations 


 



          Welcome        








Wealth Management & Advisory Services
Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, founded originally as McCabe Capital Managers, serves distinguished families across multiple generations. We are trusted advisers to families, charitable foundations, endowments, and other institutions, providing asset allocation, manager selection and monitoring, and other investment services.
Noted for integrity, intelligence, and independence, we invest our clients’ money as we invest our own — prudently, and for the long-term. Expert in navigating the complexities of wealth, we offer custom investment strategies to suit each client’s particular goals.
Consistently following a value discipline and investing for the long term, our tested approach to managing assets centers on preserving capital and generating steady growth — for generations.
Our experienced investment team works directly with clients to complement their investment staff or serve as an outsourced chief investment officer. As a manager of managers, we craft diversified portfolios from an array of select managers across a range of strategies and investment vehicles.
We utilize informed asset allocation, innovative risk management, and disciplined manager selection to create portfolios that meet our clients’ unique risk and return requirements. 




 
 




Footer Links Top

Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc.
Three Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 305
Radnor, PA 19087
610-971-1901
Fax 610-971-1909
Directions
 


Footer Bottom


Disclaimers + Terms of Use
©2017 Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc.
 


Disclaimers and Terms of Use

Disclaimers


All information contained herein is based on past performance and is not intended to be indicative of future results. All data provided are current as of December 31, 2015.
This website was prepared for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation, offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or financial instrument or to participate in any investment strategy.
This website was prepared for sophisticated investors who are capable of understanding the risks associated with the investments described herein.
Certain financial instruments and transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. You should consult your business adviser, attorney and tax and accounting advisers with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment.
This website must not be provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers (“DMCA”) is not authorized to provide such information or services.
The views and opinions expressed above are those of the portfolio management team at the time of writing, are subject to change based on market, economic and other conditions, and should not be construed as recommendation or investment advice.
This material may not be reproduced or distributed.


Registration of an Investment Adviser does not imply any level of skill or training
Estimated as of December 31, 2015, Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers advises or consults on approximately $5.1 billion in assets. Approximately $1.1 billion involves assets under management for accounts receiving continuous and regular supervisory or management services, and approximately $1.2 billion involves consulting assets where Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers provides continuous and regular supervision for assets under management with other investment advisers. The remainder, approximately $2.8 billion, involves consulting assets overseen on a periodic or event-driven basis based on clients’ requirements.
Risk of Loss
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that clients should be prepared to bear and there is no guarantee that any investment strategy will meet its objective.
Alternative Investments
Investment in alternative investment products requires that the investor meet certain suitability standards, and therefore, may not be suitable for all investors. Alternative investments are speculative, involve a high degree of risk, are typically highly illiquid and engage in leverage or other speculative practices that may increase volatility and risk of loss. Investors could lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, alternative investments typically have higher fees than other investments which will lower returns.


Terms of Use


Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By accessing this website and any pages hereof, you are indicating that you have read, acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not access this website. Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers (“DMCA”) reserves the right to change these Terms of Use, which you are responsible for regularly reviewing and your continued use of this website constitutes agreement to all such changes.
DMCA reserves the right, in its sole discretion, without any obligation and without any notice requirement, to change, improve or correct the information, materials and descriptions on this website and to suspend and/or deny access to this website for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, upgrades, improvements or corrections. The information and materials on this website may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies. Any dated information is published as of its date only, and DMCA does not undertake any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any such information. DMCA may discontinue or change any product or service described in or offered on this website at any time.
None of the information contained in this website constitutes a recommendation, solicitation or offer by DMCA to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments or provide any investment advice or service.


The information contained in this website has been prepared without reference to any particular user’s investment requirements or financial situation. Certain transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. Prior to the execution of any transaction by you involving information you received from this website, you should consult your business advisor, attorney and tax and accounting advisors with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment.
Pricing and other information generated through the use of data or services made available herein may not reflect actual prices or values that would be available in the market at the time provided or at the time that the user may want to purchase or sell a particular security or other instrument. The information and services provided on this website are not provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where DMCA is not authorized to provide such information or services. Some products and services described in this website may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all clients. The information in this website is only directed to U.S. residents.

 


Footer Subsidiaries

Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc. is a subsidiary of Drexel Morgan & Co. 


 
 
 











Our Heritage | Drexel Morgan & Co.


















Skip to main content









Drexel Morgan & Co.


 


Main menuOur Heritage
Investment Philosophy
Investment Process
Equity Investments
Fixed Income Investments
About Us
Inquiries
  
 

You are hereHome



Our Heritage Blue Box

Our Heritage 


 



          Our Heritage        








Personalized Investment Management


The original Drexel Morgan & Co. was founded in the mid-1800s by Anthony J. Drexel with his protégé and partner, J. Pierpont Morgan. After Drexel’s death, the company reorganized in 1895 and became J.P. Morgan & Co., one of the original predecessors of what is today JPMorgan Chase.
In 1979, George W. Connell, who spent more than 25 years with J.P. Morgan & Co. and later as Principal of Drexel & Company, (originally founded by Anthony Drexel’s father) left Drexel to create the firm now known as The Haverford Trust Company.


Mr. Connell later established the Drexel Morgan & Co. name for his bank holding company.

	Our subsidiaries include The Haverford Trust Company and Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, with combined assets under advisement or consultation in excess of $12 billion (assets as of December 31, 2016).

 




 
 




Footer Links Top

Three Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 450
Radnor, PA 19087
610-995-8733
Fax 610-995-8795
Directions
 


Footer Bottom


Disclaimers + Terms of Use
©2017 Drexel Morgan & Co.
 


Disclaimers and Terms of Use

Disclaimers

This website was prepared for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation, offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or financial instrument or to participate in any investment strategy.
This website must not be provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan & Co. is not authorized to provide such information or services.


The views and opinions expressed above are those of the portfolio management team at the time of writing, are subject to change based on market, economic and other conditions, and should not be construed as recommendation or investment advice. This material may not be reproduced or distributed. Registration of an Investment Adviser does not imply any level of skill or training.
Risk of Loss
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that clients should be prepared to bear and there is no guarantee that any investment strategy will meet its objective.

Terms of Use

Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By accessing this website and any pages hereof, you are indicating that you have read, acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not access this website. Drexel Morgan & Co. (Drexel Morgan) reserves the right to change these Terms of Use, which you are responsible for regularly reviewing and your continued use of this website constitutes agreement to all such changes.
Drexel Morgan reserves the right, in its sole discretion, without any obligation and without any notice requirement, to change, improve or correct the information, materials and descriptions on this website and to suspend and/or deny access to this website for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, upgrades, improvements or corrections. The information and materials on this website may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies. Any dated information is published as of its date only, and Drexel Morgan does not undertake any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any such information. Drexel Morgan may discontinue or change any product or service described in or offered on this website at any time.
None of the information contained in this website constitutes a recommendation, solicitation or offer by Drexel Morgan to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments or provide any investment advice or service.


The information contained in this website has been prepared without reference to any particular user’s investment requirements or financial situation. Certain transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. Prior to the execution of any transaction by you involving information you received from this website, you should consult your business advisor, attorney and tax and accounting advisors with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment. Pricing and other information generated through the use of data or services made available herein may not reflect actual prices or values that would be available in the market at the time provided or at the time that the user may want to purchase or sell a particular security or other instrument.
The information and services provided on this website are not provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan is not authorized to provide such information or services. Some products and services described in this website may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all clients.

 


George W. Connell

George W. Connell - President
 
Mr. George Connell is the Founder and a current Director of The Haverford Trust Company, Director of Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc. and Haverford Financial Services, which are subsidiaries of Drexel Morgan & Co.
George established the Haverford Quality Investing® investment philosophy. The Haverford Trust Company has followed this historically successful and disciplined process since its inception in 1979. George has more than 50 years of investment management experience and serves as a member of the Executive Committees for Drexel Morgan & Co. and The Haverford Trust Company.
 
Education:
 
B.S. from the Wharton School,  University of Pennsylvania
 
Board Affiliations & Professional Memberships:
 
Trustee and Finance Committee Chairman, Caroline A. Buck Foundation (1991-Present)
Hospitality Committee, Devon Horse Show & Country Fair FBO Bryn Mawr Hospital (1995-Present)
Trustee Emeritus and Finance Committee Member (current), Morris Arboretum (1974-Present)
Trustee, Academy in Manayunk (2002-Present)
Finance Committee, Project Home (2013-Present)
Board of Overseers, University of Pennsylvania Athletic Association (1994-Present)
 
Previous Experience:
 
Founder & Chief Investment Officer, Rittenhouse Financial Services
Principal & Chair of the Investment Selection Committee, Drexel & Co.
Corporate Research Analyst, J.P. Morgan & Company
Investment Manager (2003-2012), WW Smith Foundation
Investment Manager (1961-2000), Society of the Holy Child Jesus
Investment Manager (1993-2000), Philadelphia Pension Fund
Investment Manager (1977-1995), Graduate Hospital Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1983-1990), Rosemont College Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1967-1983), Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament Founded by St. Katherine Drexel
Investment Manager (1968-1983), Douty Foundation
Investment Manager (1963-1973), University of Pennsylvania Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1973-1982), Drexel University Endowment Fund
 
Previous Board Affiliations:
 
Finance Committee Chairman, Northern Home for Children (1961-2006)
Finance Committee Chairman and Board Vice Chairman, Historical Society of Pennsylvania (1974-2000)
Director and Finance Committee Chairman, National Rolling Mills (1976-2012)
Trustee and Finance Committee Chairman, Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts (1995-2000)
Trustee, Providence Center, A Ministry of the Society of the Holy Child Jesus (1993-Present)
 


 
 
 











Investment Process | Drexel Morgan & Co.


















Skip to main content









Drexel Morgan & Co.


 


Main menuOur Heritage
Investment Philosophy
Investment Process
Equity Investments
Fixed Income Investments
About Us
Inquiries
  
 

You are hereHome



Investment Process Blue Box

Investment Process 


 



          Investment Process        








Over time, we have learned the benefits of broad economic analysis, as this lends valuable insight to portfolio strategy. We assess likely structural shifts, because of their potential to cause major realignments in equity and money markets. This is fundamental to our process of consistent, competitive money management.


Structural shifts in the economy are often gradual and rarely obvious. Yet they represent the future, which economic markets continually discount. In the volatile markets of recent years, it has become essential to identify the stages at which gradual change is accelerating, producing shifts in economic environments. These changed environments can be depended upon to revise the performance of highly profitable industries and the selection of rewarding investment options.


Successful portfolio management requires an important further step. We have defined this as our portfolio profiles analysis. Experience shows that the stocks within various profile groups tend to respond to varying economic conditions. Our process is designed to yield competitive results by carefully weighting portfolio profiles to coincide with changing economic environments.


 




 
 




Footer Links Top

Three Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 450
Radnor, PA 19087
610-995-8733
Fax 610-995-8795
Directions
 


Footer Bottom


Disclaimers + Terms of Use
©2017 Drexel Morgan & Co.
 


Disclaimers and Terms of Use

Disclaimers

This website was prepared for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation, offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or financial instrument or to participate in any investment strategy.
This website must not be provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan & Co. is not authorized to provide such information or services.


The views and opinions expressed above are those of the portfolio management team at the time of writing, are subject to change based on market, economic and other conditions, and should not be construed as recommendation or investment advice. This material may not be reproduced or distributed. Registration of an Investment Adviser does not imply any level of skill or training.
Risk of Loss
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that clients should be prepared to bear and there is no guarantee that any investment strategy will meet its objective.

Terms of Use

Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By accessing this website and any pages hereof, you are indicating that you have read, acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not access this website. Drexel Morgan & Co. (Drexel Morgan) reserves the right to change these Terms of Use, which you are responsible for regularly reviewing and your continued use of this website constitutes agreement to all such changes.
Drexel Morgan reserves the right, in its sole discretion, without any obligation and without any notice requirement, to change, improve or correct the information, materials and descriptions on this website and to suspend and/or deny access to this website for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, upgrades, improvements or corrections. The information and materials on this website may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies. Any dated information is published as of its date only, and Drexel Morgan does not undertake any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any such information. Drexel Morgan may discontinue or change any product or service described in or offered on this website at any time.
None of the information contained in this website constitutes a recommendation, solicitation or offer by Drexel Morgan to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments or provide any investment advice or service.


The information contained in this website has been prepared without reference to any particular user’s investment requirements or financial situation. Certain transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. Prior to the execution of any transaction by you involving information you received from this website, you should consult your business advisor, attorney and tax and accounting advisors with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment. Pricing and other information generated through the use of data or services made available herein may not reflect actual prices or values that would be available in the market at the time provided or at the time that the user may want to purchase or sell a particular security or other instrument.
The information and services provided on this website are not provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan is not authorized to provide such information or services. Some products and services described in this website may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all clients.

 


George W. Connell

George W. Connell - President
 
Mr. George Connell is the Founder and a current Director of The Haverford Trust Company, Director of Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc. and Haverford Financial Services, which are subsidiaries of Drexel Morgan & Co.
George established the Haverford Quality Investing® investment philosophy. The Haverford Trust Company has followed this historically successful and disciplined process since its inception in 1979. George has more than 50 years of investment management experience and serves as a member of the Executive Committees for Drexel Morgan & Co. and The Haverford Trust Company.
 
Education:
 
B.S. from the Wharton School,  University of Pennsylvania
 
Board Affiliations & Professional Memberships:
 
Trustee and Finance Committee Chairman, Caroline A. Buck Foundation (1991-Present)
Hospitality Committee, Devon Horse Show & Country Fair FBO Bryn Mawr Hospital (1995-Present)
Trustee Emeritus and Finance Committee Member (current), Morris Arboretum (1974-Present)
Trustee, Academy in Manayunk (2002-Present)
Finance Committee, Project Home (2013-Present)
Board of Overseers, University of Pennsylvania Athletic Association (1994-Present)
 
Previous Experience:
 
Founder & Chief Investment Officer, Rittenhouse Financial Services
Principal & Chair of the Investment Selection Committee, Drexel & Co.
Corporate Research Analyst, J.P. Morgan & Company
Investment Manager (2003-2012), WW Smith Foundation
Investment Manager (1961-2000), Society of the Holy Child Jesus
Investment Manager (1993-2000), Philadelphia Pension Fund
Investment Manager (1977-1995), Graduate Hospital Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1983-1990), Rosemont College Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1967-1983), Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament Founded by St. Katherine Drexel
Investment Manager (1968-1983), Douty Foundation
Investment Manager (1963-1973), University of Pennsylvania Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1973-1982), Drexel University Endowment Fund
 
Previous Board Affiliations:
 
Finance Committee Chairman, Northern Home for Children (1961-2006)
Finance Committee Chairman and Board Vice Chairman, Historical Society of Pennsylvania (1974-2000)
Director and Finance Committee Chairman, National Rolling Mills (1976-2012)
Trustee and Finance Committee Chairman, Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts (1995-2000)
Trustee, Providence Center, A Ministry of the Society of the Holy Child Jesus (1993-Present)
 


 
 
 










Drexel Morgan & Co.


















Skip to main content









Drexel Morgan & Co.


 


Main menuOur Heritage
Investment Philosophy
Investment Process
Equity Investments
Fixed Income Investments
About Us
Inquiries
  
 




Drexel Morgan & Co. Blue Box

Drexel Morgan & Co. is a registered investment adviser and bank holding company. Together with its subsidiaries, the firm has in excess of $12 billion in assets under management or consultation as of December 31, 2016. We believe above average returns can be achieved by purchasing large capitalization, dividend-paying, primarily A+ rated stocks with excellent balance sheets and consistent growth in earnings. 

The Legacy PortfolioTM is our core product representing a considerable percentage of Drexel Morgan & Co.'s assets under management. The investment philosophy behind The Legacy Portfolio has been in existence for over 50 years.  


 


Directors


John A. Fry

President, Drexel University



George W. Connell

President, Drexel Morgan & Co.



John F. McGill, Jr.

Director, DNB First



Bruce A. Rosenfield, Esq.

Partner, Schnader Harrisson Segal & Lewis LLP





Advisory Board


J. William Knot

Private Investor



Nancy Kneeland

Vice President










For further infomation regarding Drexel Morgan & Co., please contact Lynda McFeeley at 610-995-8733 or LMcFeeley@DrexelMorgan.com








          Drexel Morgan & Co.        













 
 




Footer Links Top

Three Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 450
Radnor, PA 19087
610-995-8733
Fax 610-995-8795
Directions
 


Footer Bottom


Disclaimers + Terms of Use
©2017 Drexel Morgan & Co.
 


Footer Subsidiaries

Drexel Morgan & Co. Subsidiaries:

Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc 
The Haverford Trust Company
Haverford Financial Services, Inc.
 


Disclaimers and Terms of Use

Disclaimers

This website was prepared for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation, offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or financial instrument or to participate in any investment strategy.
This website must not be provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan & Co. is not authorized to provide such information or services.


The views and opinions expressed above are those of the portfolio management team at the time of writing, are subject to change based on market, economic and other conditions, and should not be construed as recommendation or investment advice. This material may not be reproduced or distributed. Registration of an Investment Adviser does not imply any level of skill or training.
Risk of Loss
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that clients should be prepared to bear and there is no guarantee that any investment strategy will meet its objective.

Terms of Use

Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By accessing this website and any pages hereof, you are indicating that you have read, acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not access this website. Drexel Morgan & Co. (Drexel Morgan) reserves the right to change these Terms of Use, which you are responsible for regularly reviewing and your continued use of this website constitutes agreement to all such changes.
Drexel Morgan reserves the right, in its sole discretion, without any obligation and without any notice requirement, to change, improve or correct the information, materials and descriptions on this website and to suspend and/or deny access to this website for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, upgrades, improvements or corrections. The information and materials on this website may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies. Any dated information is published as of its date only, and Drexel Morgan does not undertake any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any such information. Drexel Morgan may discontinue or change any product or service described in or offered on this website at any time.
None of the information contained in this website constitutes a recommendation, solicitation or offer by Drexel Morgan to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments or provide any investment advice or service.


The information contained in this website has been prepared without reference to any particular user’s investment requirements or financial situation. Certain transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. Prior to the execution of any transaction by you involving information you received from this website, you should consult your business advisor, attorney and tax and accounting advisors with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment. Pricing and other information generated through the use of data or services made available herein may not reflect actual prices or values that would be available in the market at the time provided or at the time that the user may want to purchase or sell a particular security or other instrument.
The information and services provided on this website are not provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan is not authorized to provide such information or services. Some products and services described in this website may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all clients.

 


George W. Connell

George W. Connell - President
 
Mr. George Connell is the Founder and a current Director of The Haverford Trust Company, Director of Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc. and Haverford Financial Services, which are subsidiaries of Drexel Morgan & Co.
George established the Haverford Quality Investing® investment philosophy. The Haverford Trust Company has followed this historically successful and disciplined process since its inception in 1979. George has more than 50 years of investment management experience and serves as a member of the Executive Committees for Drexel Morgan & Co. and The Haverford Trust Company.
 
Education:
 
B.S. from the Wharton School,  University of Pennsylvania
 
Board Affiliations & Professional Memberships:
 
Trustee and Finance Committee Chairman, Caroline A. Buck Foundation (1991-Present)
Hospitality Committee, Devon Horse Show & Country Fair FBO Bryn Mawr Hospital (1995-Present)
Trustee Emeritus and Finance Committee Member (current), Morris Arboretum (1974-Present)
Trustee, Academy in Manayunk (2002-Present)
Finance Committee, Project Home (2013-Present)
Board of Overseers, University of Pennsylvania Athletic Association (1994-Present)
 
Previous Experience:
 
Founder & Chief Investment Officer, Rittenhouse Financial Services
Principal & Chair of the Investment Selection Committee, Drexel & Co.
Corporate Research Analyst, J.P. Morgan & Company
Investment Manager (2003-2012), WW Smith Foundation
Investment Manager (1961-2000), Society of the Holy Child Jesus
Investment Manager (1993-2000), Philadelphia Pension Fund
Investment Manager (1977-1995), Graduate Hospital Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1983-1990), Rosemont College Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1967-1983), Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament Founded by St. Katherine Drexel
Investment Manager (1968-1983), Douty Foundation
Investment Manager (1963-1973), University of Pennsylvania Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1973-1982), Drexel University Endowment Fund
 
Previous Board Affiliations:
 
Finance Committee Chairman, Northern Home for Children (1961-2006)
Finance Committee Chairman and Board Vice Chairman, Historical Society of Pennsylvania (1974-2000)
Director and Finance Committee Chairman, National Rolling Mills (1976-2012)
Trustee and Finance Committee Chairman, Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts (1995-2000)
Trustee, Providence Center, A Ministry of the Society of the Holy Child Jesus (1993-Present)
 


 
 
 










Drexel Morgan & Co.


















Skip to main content









Drexel Morgan & Co.


 


Main menuOur Heritage
Investment Philosophy
Investment Process
Equity Investments
Fixed Income Investments
About Us
Inquiries
  
 




Drexel Morgan & Co. Blue Box

Drexel Morgan & Co. is a registered investment adviser and bank holding company. Together with its subsidiaries, the firm has in excess of $12 billion in assets under management or consultation as of December 31, 2016. We believe above average returns can be achieved by purchasing large capitalization, dividend-paying, primarily A+ rated stocks with excellent balance sheets and consistent growth in earnings. 

The Legacy PortfolioTM is our core product representing a considerable percentage of Drexel Morgan & Co.'s assets under management. The investment philosophy behind The Legacy Portfolio has been in existence for over 50 years.  


 


Directors


John A. Fry

President, Drexel University



George W. Connell

President, Drexel Morgan & Co.



John F. McGill, Jr.

Director, DNB First



Bruce A. Rosenfield, Esq.

Partner, Schnader Harrisson Segal & Lewis LLP





Advisory Board


J. William Knot

Private Investor



Nancy Kneeland

Vice President










For further infomation regarding Drexel Morgan & Co., please contact Lynda McFeeley at 610-995-8733 or LMcFeeley@DrexelMorgan.com








          Drexel Morgan & Co.        













 
 




Footer Links Top

Three Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 450
Radnor, PA 19087
610-995-8733
Fax 610-995-8795
Directions
 


Footer Bottom


Disclaimers + Terms of Use
©2017 Drexel Morgan & Co.
 


Footer Subsidiaries

Drexel Morgan & Co. Subsidiaries:

Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc 
The Haverford Trust Company
Haverford Financial Services, Inc.
 


Disclaimers and Terms of Use

Disclaimers

This website was prepared for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation, offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or financial instrument or to participate in any investment strategy.
This website must not be provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan & Co. is not authorized to provide such information or services.


The views and opinions expressed above are those of the portfolio management team at the time of writing, are subject to change based on market, economic and other conditions, and should not be construed as recommendation or investment advice. This material may not be reproduced or distributed. Registration of an Investment Adviser does not imply any level of skill or training.
Risk of Loss
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that clients should be prepared to bear and there is no guarantee that any investment strategy will meet its objective.

Terms of Use

Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By accessing this website and any pages hereof, you are indicating that you have read, acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not access this website. Drexel Morgan & Co. (Drexel Morgan) reserves the right to change these Terms of Use, which you are responsible for regularly reviewing and your continued use of this website constitutes agreement to all such changes.
Drexel Morgan reserves the right, in its sole discretion, without any obligation and without any notice requirement, to change, improve or correct the information, materials and descriptions on this website and to suspend and/or deny access to this website for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, upgrades, improvements or corrections. The information and materials on this website may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies. Any dated information is published as of its date only, and Drexel Morgan does not undertake any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any such information. Drexel Morgan may discontinue or change any product or service described in or offered on this website at any time.
None of the information contained in this website constitutes a recommendation, solicitation or offer by Drexel Morgan to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments or provide any investment advice or service.


The information contained in this website has been prepared without reference to any particular user’s investment requirements or financial situation. Certain transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. Prior to the execution of any transaction by you involving information you received from this website, you should consult your business advisor, attorney and tax and accounting advisors with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment. Pricing and other information generated through the use of data or services made available herein may not reflect actual prices or values that would be available in the market at the time provided or at the time that the user may want to purchase or sell a particular security or other instrument.
The information and services provided on this website are not provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan is not authorized to provide such information or services. Some products and services described in this website may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all clients.

 


George W. Connell

George W. Connell - President
 
Mr. George Connell is the Founder and a current Director of The Haverford Trust Company, Director of Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc. and Haverford Financial Services, which are subsidiaries of Drexel Morgan & Co.
George established the Haverford Quality Investing® investment philosophy. The Haverford Trust Company has followed this historically successful and disciplined process since its inception in 1979. George has more than 50 years of investment management experience and serves as a member of the Executive Committees for Drexel Morgan & Co. and The Haverford Trust Company.
 
Education:
 
B.S. from the Wharton School,  University of Pennsylvania
 
Board Affiliations & Professional Memberships:
 
Trustee and Finance Committee Chairman, Caroline A. Buck Foundation (1991-Present)
Hospitality Committee, Devon Horse Show & Country Fair FBO Bryn Mawr Hospital (1995-Present)
Trustee Emeritus and Finance Committee Member (current), Morris Arboretum (1974-Present)
Trustee, Academy in Manayunk (2002-Present)
Finance Committee, Project Home (2013-Present)
Board of Overseers, University of Pennsylvania Athletic Association (1994-Present)
 
Previous Experience:
 
Founder & Chief Investment Officer, Rittenhouse Financial Services
Principal & Chair of the Investment Selection Committee, Drexel & Co.
Corporate Research Analyst, J.P. Morgan & Company
Investment Manager (2003-2012), WW Smith Foundation
Investment Manager (1961-2000), Society of the Holy Child Jesus
Investment Manager (1993-2000), Philadelphia Pension Fund
Investment Manager (1977-1995), Graduate Hospital Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1983-1990), Rosemont College Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1967-1983), Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament Founded by St. Katherine Drexel
Investment Manager (1968-1983), Douty Foundation
Investment Manager (1963-1973), University of Pennsylvania Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1973-1982), Drexel University Endowment Fund
 
Previous Board Affiliations:
 
Finance Committee Chairman, Northern Home for Children (1961-2006)
Finance Committee Chairman and Board Vice Chairman, Historical Society of Pennsylvania (1974-2000)
Director and Finance Committee Chairman, National Rolling Mills (1976-2012)
Trustee and Finance Committee Chairman, Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts (1995-2000)
Trustee, Providence Center, A Ministry of the Society of the Holy Child Jesus (1993-Present)
 


 
 
 





J.P. Morgan & Co. - Wikipedia





















 






J.P. Morgan & Co.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Drexel, Morgan & Co.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"House of Morgan" redirects here. For the building, see 23 Wall Street. For the Welsh dynasty descended from Morgan Hen, see kings of Morgannwg.
See also: JPMorgan Chase and J. P. Morgan

J.P. Morgan & Co.





Type

Subsidiary


Industry
Investment banking, commercial banking, asset management


Fate
Merged with Chase Manhattan Bank in 2000


Founded
1871; 146 years ago (1871)


Founder
J. P. Morgan


Headquarters
New York City, New York, United States



Number of employees

26,314 (2010)


Parent
JPMorgan Chase


Website
www.jpmorgan.com


J.P. Morgan & Co. is a commercial and investment banking institution based in the United States founded by John Pierpont Morgan and commonly known as the "House of Morgan" or simply "Morgan". The firm is a predecessor of three of the largest banking institutions in the United States and globally, JPMorgan Chase, Morgan Stanley, and Deutsche Bank (via Morgan, Grenfell & Co.), along with a hand in the formation of Drexel Burnham Lambert.
In 2000, J.P. Morgan & Co. merged with Chase Manhattan Bank to form JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the largest global banking institutions. Today, the "J.P. Morgan" brand is used to market certain JPMorgan Chase wholesale businesses, including investment banking, commercial banking and asset management. The J.P. Morgan branding was revamped in 2008 to return to its more traditional appearance after several years of depicting the "Chase" symbol to the right of a condensed and modernized "JPMorgan".
Between 1959 and 1989, J.P. Morgan operated as the Morgan Guaranty Trust, following its merger with the Guaranty Trust Company of New York.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Early history
1.2 The House of Morgan
1.3 Finances Allied bonds during World War I
1.4 Glass–Steagall and Morgan Stanley
1.5 Morgan Guaranty Trust
1.6 Return of J.P. Morgan & Co.
1.7 JPMorgan Chase


2 Footnotes
3 Further reading
4 External links



History[edit]
Early history[edit]




23 Wall Street. Former headquarters of J.P. Morgan & Co.


The origins of the firm date back to 1854 when Junius S. Morgan joined George Peabody & Co. (which became Peabody, Morgan & Co.), a London-based banking business headed by George Peabody. Junius took control of the firm, changing its name to J.S. Morgan & Co. in 1864 on Peabody's retirement. Junius' son, J. Pierpont Morgan, first apprenticed at Duncan, Sherman and Company in the New York City, then founded his own firm with a cousin, J. Pierpont Morgan & Company, in 1864.[1] J. Pierpont Morgan & Company traded in government bonds and foreign exchange. It also acted as an agent for Peabody’s. Junius, however, considered some of Pierpont’s ventures to be highly speculative. So, Pierpont took on Charles H. Dabney, a connection established when he was sent to the Azores as a child, as a senior partner and the firm was known first as Dabney, Morgan and Company (beginning in 1864), then "Drexel, Morgan & Co." (in 1871). In these firms, Pierpont used his Peabody connection to bring British financial capital together with rapidly growing U.S. industrial firms, such as railroads, who needed financial capital.[2] The Drexel of Drexel, Morgan & Co. was Philadelphia banker Anthony J. Drexel, founder of what is now Drexel University.[3]
The House of Morgan[edit]
On Junius’ death in 1890, Pierpont Morgan took his place at J.S. Morgan and Company. After Drexel’s death, Drexel, Morgan reorganized in 1895 and became J.P. Morgan and Company, eventually becoming one of the most powerful banking companies in the world and helping to transform the United States from an economic novice into the strongest industrial power in the world at that time.[2] It financed the formation of the United States Steel Corporation, which took over the business of Andrew Carnegie and others and was the world's first billion-dollar corporation. In 1895, it supplied the United States government with $62 million in gold to float a bond issue and restore the treasury surplus of $100 million. In 1892, the company began to finance the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad and led it through a series of acquisitions that made it the dominant railroad transporter in New England.




The Wall Street bombing September 16, 1920: a bomb exploded in front of the headquarters of J.P. Morgan Inc. at 23 Wall Street, injuring 400 and killing 38 people.


Built in 1914, 23 Wall Street was known as "The Corner" and "The House of Morgan," and for decades the bank's headquarters was the most important address in American finance. At noon, on September 16, 1920, an anarchist bomb exploded in front of the bank, killing 38 and injuring 400. Shortly before the bomb went off, an unknown person placed a warning note in a mailbox at the corner of Cedar Street and Broadway. The warning read: "Remember we will not tolerate any longer. Free the political prisoners or it will be sure death for all of you. American Anarchists Fighters." While theories abound about who was behind the Wall Street bombing and why they did it, after twenty years of investigation the FBI rendered the file inactive in 1940 without ever finding the perpetrators.
Finances Allied bonds during World War I[edit]
In August 1914, Henry P. Davison, a Morgan partner, traveled to London and made a deal with the Bank of England to make J.P. Morgan & Co. the sole underwriter of war bonds for Great Britain and France. The Bank of England became a fiscal agent of J.P. Morgan & Co., and vice versa. Over the course of the war, J.P. Morgan loaned about $1.5 billion (approximately $20.92 billion in today's dollars) to the Allies to fight against the Germans.[4]:63 The company also invested in the suppliers of war equipment to Britain and France, thus profiting from the financing and purchasing activities of the two European governments.
During the early 1920s, J.P. Morgan & Co. was active in promoting banks in the southern hemisphere, including the Bank of Central and South America.
Glass–Steagall and Morgan Stanley[edit]
In 1933, the provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act forced J.P. Morgan & Co. to separate its investment banking from its commercial banking operations. J.P. Morgan & Co. chose to operate as a commercial bank, because after the stock market crash of 1929, investment banking was in some disrepute and commercial lending was perceived to be more the profitable and prestigious business. Additionally, many within J.P. Morgan believed that a change in the political climate would allow the company to resume its securities businesses but that it would be nearly impossible to reconstitute the bank if it were disassembled.
In 1935, after being barred from securities business for over a year, the heads of J.P. Morgan made the decision to spin off its investment banking operations. Two J.P. Morgan partners, Henry S. Morgan (son of Jack Morgan and grandson of J. Pierpont Morgan) and Harold Stanley, founded Morgan Stanley on September 16, 1935 with $6.6 million of nonvoting preferred stock from J.P. Morgan partners. At the beginning, Morgan Stanley's headquarters were at 2 Wall Street, just down the street from J.P. Morgan, and Morgan Stanley bankers routinely used 23 Wall Street when closing transactions.




Morgan Guaranty logo ca. 1976


Morgan Guaranty Trust[edit]
In the years following the spin-off of Morgan Stanley, the securities business proved robust, while the parent firm, which incorporated in 1940,[5] was a little sleepy. By the 1950s J.P. Morgan was only a mid-size bank. In order to bolster its position, in 1959, J.P. Morgan merged with the Guaranty Trust Company of New York to form the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company. The two banks already had numerous relationships between them and had complementary characteristics as J.P. Morgan brought a prestigious name and high quality clients and bankers while Guaranty Trust brought a significant amount of capital. Although Guaranty Trust was nearly four times the size of J.P. Morgan at the time of the merger in 1959, J.P. Morgan was considered the buyer and nominal survivor and former J.P. Morgan employees were the primary managers of the merged company.
Return of J.P. Morgan & Co.[edit]




J.P. Morgan & Co. logo prior to its merger with Chase Manhattan Bank in 2000


Ten years after the merger, Morgan Guaranty established a bank holding company called J.P. Morgan & Co. Incorporated, but continued to operate as Morgan Guaranty through the 1980s before beginning to migrate back to use of the J.P. Morgan brand. In 1988, the company once again began operating exclusively as J.P. Morgan & Co.
Also in the 1980s, J.P. Morgan along with other commercial banks pushed the envelope of product offerings toward investment banking, beginning with the issuance of commercial paper. In 1989, the Federal Reserve permitted J.P. Morgan to be the first commercial bank to underwrite a corporate debt offering.[6] In the 1990s, J.P. Morgan moved quickly to rebuild its investment banking operations and by the late 1990s would emerge as a top-five player in securities underwriting.
JPMorgan Chase[edit]




JPMorgan logo prior to its 2008 rebranding


By the late 1990s, J.P. Morgan had emerged as a large but not dominant commercial and investment banking franchise with an attractive brand name and a strong presence in debt and equity securities underwriting. Beginning in 1998, J.P. Morgan openly discussed the possibility of a merger, and speculation of a pairing with banks including Goldman Sachs, Chase Manhattan Bank, Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank AG was prevalent.[7] Chase Manhattan had emerged as one of the largest and fastest growing commercial banks in the United States through a series of mergers over the previous decade. In 2000 Chase, which was looking for yet another transformational merger to improve its position in investment banking, merged with J.P. Morgan to form JPMorgan Chase & Co.[8][9] The combined JPMorgan Chase would become one of the largest banks both in the United States and globally offering a full complement of investment banking, commercial banking, retail banking, asset management, private banking and private equity businesses.
Footnotes[edit]


^ Moody, John (1919). The Masters of capitalism. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. pp. 12–13. Retrieved May 5, 2015. 
^ a b Morgan: American Financier by Jean Strouse
^ Drexel's father, Francis Martin Drexel, founded Drexel & Company, which was a predecessor of Drexel Burnham Lambert; DBL collapsed in 1990.
^ Geoffrey Wolff (2003). Black Sun: The Brief Transit and Violent Eclipse of Harry Crosby. New York Review of Books. ISBN 1-59017-066-0. 
^ "New York Bank History". Scripophily.com. Retrieved August 2, 2007. 
^ On July 13, 1989 J.P. Morgan & Co. underwrote an offering of 9.20% notes for Xerox Corporation, the first corporate debt offering underwritten by a commercial bank in the United States since 1933.
^ J. P. Morgan Weighs Merger And Cuts Jobs (New York TImes, 1998)
^ Banking's Big Deal: The Trend; A Deal Built on Weakness, and Strength (New York Times, September 13, 2000)
^ Banking's Big Deal: The Overview; Chase Is Reported On Verge of Deal to Obtain Morgan (New York Times, September 13, 2000)


Further reading[edit]

Carosso, Vincent P. The Morgans: Private International Bankers, 1854-1913. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1987.
Carosso, Vincent P. Investment Banking in America: A History. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1970.
Chernow, Ron. The House of Morgan: An American Banking Dynasty and the Rise of Modern Finance, (2001) ISBN 0-8021-3829-2
Fraser, Steve. Every Man a Speculator: A History of Wall Street in American Life. New York:HarperCollins, 2005.
Geisst, Charles R. Wall Street: A History from Its Beginnings to the Fall of Enron. Oxford University Press. 2004. online edition
Moody, John. The Masters of Capital: A Chronicle of Wall Street. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 1921.
Morris, Charles R. The Tycoons: How Andrew Carnegie, John D. Rockefeller, Jay Gould, and J. P. Morgan Invented the American Supereconomy (2005) ISBN 978-0-8050-8134-3
Pak, Susie J. Gentlemen Bankers: The World of J.P. Morgan. (Harvard University Press, 2013) excerpt, 1890s-1930s
Strouse, Jean. Morgan: American Financier. Random House, 1999. 796 pp. ISBN 978-0-679-46275-0

External links[edit]

Official J.P. Morgan & Co. website







v
t
e


JPMorgan Chase



Divisions



J.P. Morgan & Co.
Chase Bank
Chase Paymentech
Chase Card Services Canada
EMC Mortgage Company
Highbridge Capital Management
J.P. Morgan Cazenove
One Equity Partners





Notable current executives



Jamie Dimon (CEO)
Matthew E. Zames
Steven Black
Jing Ulrich





Notable former executives



John Pierpont Morgan
J. P. Morgan Jr.
Junius Spencer Morgan
George Peabody
Henry Sturgis Morgan
David Rockefeller
William B. Harrison Jr.
John B. McCoy
Walter V. Shipley
Douglas A. Warner III
Temple Bowdoin
Jes Staley
Blythe Masters
James B. Lee Jr.
Thomas W. Lamont
Dennis Weatherstone
John J. McCloy
Winthrop Aldrich





Board of directors



Crandall C. Bowles
Stephen B. Burke
David M. Cote
James S. Crown
Jamie Dimon
Ellen V. Futter
William H. Gray
Laban P. Jackson Jr.
David C. Novak
Lee R. Raymond
William C. Weldon





Historical components



American Fletcher
Anchor Savings Bank
Banca Commerciale Italiana Trust Co.
Bank One Corporation
The Manhattan Company
Bank United of Texas
Bear Stearns
CenTrust Bank
Chase Manhattan Bank
Chemical Bank
Corn Exchange Bank
Dime Savings Bank of New York
First Chicago Bank
First USA Bank
Great Western Bank
Hambrecht & Quist
H. F. Ahmanson & Co.
Indiana National
Jardine Fleming
J.P. Morgan & Co.
Lincoln Savings
Manufacturers Hanover
National Bank of Detroit
National Park Bank
New York Trust Company
Providian
Robert Fleming & Co.
State Bank of Chicago
Texas Commerce Bank
Valley National Bank of Arizona
Washington Mutual





Buildings



125 London Wall
245 Park Avenue
25 Bank Street
270 Park Avenue
277 Park Avenue
383 Madison Avenue
Chase Field
Chase Tower (Amarillo)
Chase Tower (Chicago)
Chase Tower (Dallas)
Chase Tower (El Paso)
Chase Tower (Englewood, Colorado)
Chase Tower (Indianapolis)
Chase Tower (Milwaukee)
Chase Tower (Oklahoma City)
Chase Tower (Phoenix)
Chase Tower (Rochester)
Chater House
Indiana Michigan Power Center (Fort Wayne)
JPMorgan Chase Building (San Francisco)
JPMorgan Chase Tower (Houston)
McCoy Building
One Chase Manhattan Plaza
The Qube (Detroit)








 Category
 Commons
 Wikiversity












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=J.P._Morgan_%26_Co.&oldid=792015749"					
Categories: House of MorganFormer investment banksInvestment banks in the United StatesHedge fund firms of the United StatesHistory of bankingHedge fund firms in New York CityInvestment companies based in New York CityAmerican companies established in 1871Banks established in 1871Financial services companies established in 1871Banks disestablished in 2000Financial services companies disestablished in 20001871 establishments in New York2000 disestablishments in New York20th century in New York CityJPMorgan ChaseHidden categories: Use mdy dates from January 2015 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسیFrançaisBahasa IndonesiaҚазақшаLietuviųРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 22:47.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









J.P. Morgan & Co. - Wikipedia





















 






J.P. Morgan & Co.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Drexel, Morgan & Co.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"House of Morgan" redirects here. For the building, see 23 Wall Street. For the Welsh dynasty descended from Morgan Hen, see kings of Morgannwg.
See also: JPMorgan Chase and J. P. Morgan

J.P. Morgan & Co.





Type

Subsidiary


Industry
Investment banking, commercial banking, asset management


Fate
Merged with Chase Manhattan Bank in 2000


Founded
1871; 146 years ago (1871)


Founder
J. P. Morgan


Headquarters
New York City, New York, United States



Number of employees

26,314 (2010)


Parent
JPMorgan Chase


Website
www.jpmorgan.com


J.P. Morgan & Co. is a commercial and investment banking institution based in the United States founded by John Pierpont Morgan and commonly known as the "House of Morgan" or simply "Morgan". The firm is a predecessor of three of the largest banking institutions in the United States and globally, JPMorgan Chase, Morgan Stanley, and Deutsche Bank (via Morgan, Grenfell & Co.), along with a hand in the formation of Drexel Burnham Lambert.
In 2000, J.P. Morgan & Co. merged with Chase Manhattan Bank to form JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the largest global banking institutions. Today, the "J.P. Morgan" brand is used to market certain JPMorgan Chase wholesale businesses, including investment banking, commercial banking and asset management. The J.P. Morgan branding was revamped in 2008 to return to its more traditional appearance after several years of depicting the "Chase" symbol to the right of a condensed and modernized "JPMorgan".
Between 1959 and 1989, J.P. Morgan operated as the Morgan Guaranty Trust, following its merger with the Guaranty Trust Company of New York.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Early history
1.2 The House of Morgan
1.3 Finances Allied bonds during World War I
1.4 Glass–Steagall and Morgan Stanley
1.5 Morgan Guaranty Trust
1.6 Return of J.P. Morgan & Co.
1.7 JPMorgan Chase


2 Footnotes
3 Further reading
4 External links



History[edit]
Early history[edit]




23 Wall Street. Former headquarters of J.P. Morgan & Co.


The origins of the firm date back to 1854 when Junius S. Morgan joined George Peabody & Co. (which became Peabody, Morgan & Co.), a London-based banking business headed by George Peabody. Junius took control of the firm, changing its name to J.S. Morgan & Co. in 1864 on Peabody's retirement. Junius' son, J. Pierpont Morgan, first apprenticed at Duncan, Sherman and Company in the New York City, then founded his own firm with a cousin, J. Pierpont Morgan & Company, in 1864.[1] J. Pierpont Morgan & Company traded in government bonds and foreign exchange. It also acted as an agent for Peabody’s. Junius, however, considered some of Pierpont’s ventures to be highly speculative. So, Pierpont took on Charles H. Dabney, a connection established when he was sent to the Azores as a child, as a senior partner and the firm was known first as Dabney, Morgan and Company (beginning in 1864), then "Drexel, Morgan & Co." (in 1871). In these firms, Pierpont used his Peabody connection to bring British financial capital together with rapidly growing U.S. industrial firms, such as railroads, who needed financial capital.[2] The Drexel of Drexel, Morgan & Co. was Philadelphia banker Anthony J. Drexel, founder of what is now Drexel University.[3]
The House of Morgan[edit]
On Junius’ death in 1890, Pierpont Morgan took his place at J.S. Morgan and Company. After Drexel’s death, Drexel, Morgan reorganized in 1895 and became J.P. Morgan and Company, eventually becoming one of the most powerful banking companies in the world and helping to transform the United States from an economic novice into the strongest industrial power in the world at that time.[2] It financed the formation of the United States Steel Corporation, which took over the business of Andrew Carnegie and others and was the world's first billion-dollar corporation. In 1895, it supplied the United States government with $62 million in gold to float a bond issue and restore the treasury surplus of $100 million. In 1892, the company began to finance the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad and led it through a series of acquisitions that made it the dominant railroad transporter in New England.




The Wall Street bombing September 16, 1920: a bomb exploded in front of the headquarters of J.P. Morgan Inc. at 23 Wall Street, injuring 400 and killing 38 people.


Built in 1914, 23 Wall Street was known as "The Corner" and "The House of Morgan," and for decades the bank's headquarters was the most important address in American finance. At noon, on September 16, 1920, an anarchist bomb exploded in front of the bank, killing 38 and injuring 400. Shortly before the bomb went off, an unknown person placed a warning note in a mailbox at the corner of Cedar Street and Broadway. The warning read: "Remember we will not tolerate any longer. Free the political prisoners or it will be sure death for all of you. American Anarchists Fighters." While theories abound about who was behind the Wall Street bombing and why they did it, after twenty years of investigation the FBI rendered the file inactive in 1940 without ever finding the perpetrators.
Finances Allied bonds during World War I[edit]
In August 1914, Henry P. Davison, a Morgan partner, traveled to London and made a deal with the Bank of England to make J.P. Morgan & Co. the sole underwriter of war bonds for Great Britain and France. The Bank of England became a fiscal agent of J.P. Morgan & Co., and vice versa. Over the course of the war, J.P. Morgan loaned about $1.5 billion (approximately $20.92 billion in today's dollars) to the Allies to fight against the Germans.[4]:63 The company also invested in the suppliers of war equipment to Britain and France, thus profiting from the financing and purchasing activities of the two European governments.
During the early 1920s, J.P. Morgan & Co. was active in promoting banks in the southern hemisphere, including the Bank of Central and South America.
Glass–Steagall and Morgan Stanley[edit]
In 1933, the provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act forced J.P. Morgan & Co. to separate its investment banking from its commercial banking operations. J.P. Morgan & Co. chose to operate as a commercial bank, because after the stock market crash of 1929, investment banking was in some disrepute and commercial lending was perceived to be more the profitable and prestigious business. Additionally, many within J.P. Morgan believed that a change in the political climate would allow the company to resume its securities businesses but that it would be nearly impossible to reconstitute the bank if it were disassembled.
In 1935, after being barred from securities business for over a year, the heads of J.P. Morgan made the decision to spin off its investment banking operations. Two J.P. Morgan partners, Henry S. Morgan (son of Jack Morgan and grandson of J. Pierpont Morgan) and Harold Stanley, founded Morgan Stanley on September 16, 1935 with $6.6 million of nonvoting preferred stock from J.P. Morgan partners. At the beginning, Morgan Stanley's headquarters were at 2 Wall Street, just down the street from J.P. Morgan, and Morgan Stanley bankers routinely used 23 Wall Street when closing transactions.




Morgan Guaranty logo ca. 1976


Morgan Guaranty Trust[edit]
In the years following the spin-off of Morgan Stanley, the securities business proved robust, while the parent firm, which incorporated in 1940,[5] was a little sleepy. By the 1950s J.P. Morgan was only a mid-size bank. In order to bolster its position, in 1959, J.P. Morgan merged with the Guaranty Trust Company of New York to form the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company. The two banks already had numerous relationships between them and had complementary characteristics as J.P. Morgan brought a prestigious name and high quality clients and bankers while Guaranty Trust brought a significant amount of capital. Although Guaranty Trust was nearly four times the size of J.P. Morgan at the time of the merger in 1959, J.P. Morgan was considered the buyer and nominal survivor and former J.P. Morgan employees were the primary managers of the merged company.
Return of J.P. Morgan & Co.[edit]




J.P. Morgan & Co. logo prior to its merger with Chase Manhattan Bank in 2000


Ten years after the merger, Morgan Guaranty established a bank holding company called J.P. Morgan & Co. Incorporated, but continued to operate as Morgan Guaranty through the 1980s before beginning to migrate back to use of the J.P. Morgan brand. In 1988, the company once again began operating exclusively as J.P. Morgan & Co.
Also in the 1980s, J.P. Morgan along with other commercial banks pushed the envelope of product offerings toward investment banking, beginning with the issuance of commercial paper. In 1989, the Federal Reserve permitted J.P. Morgan to be the first commercial bank to underwrite a corporate debt offering.[6] In the 1990s, J.P. Morgan moved quickly to rebuild its investment banking operations and by the late 1990s would emerge as a top-five player in securities underwriting.
JPMorgan Chase[edit]




JPMorgan logo prior to its 2008 rebranding


By the late 1990s, J.P. Morgan had emerged as a large but not dominant commercial and investment banking franchise with an attractive brand name and a strong presence in debt and equity securities underwriting. Beginning in 1998, J.P. Morgan openly discussed the possibility of a merger, and speculation of a pairing with banks including Goldman Sachs, Chase Manhattan Bank, Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank AG was prevalent.[7] Chase Manhattan had emerged as one of the largest and fastest growing commercial banks in the United States through a series of mergers over the previous decade. In 2000 Chase, which was looking for yet another transformational merger to improve its position in investment banking, merged with J.P. Morgan to form JPMorgan Chase & Co.[8][9] The combined JPMorgan Chase would become one of the largest banks both in the United States and globally offering a full complement of investment banking, commercial banking, retail banking, asset management, private banking and private equity businesses.
Footnotes[edit]


^ Moody, John (1919). The Masters of capitalism. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. pp. 12–13. Retrieved May 5, 2015. 
^ a b Morgan: American Financier by Jean Strouse
^ Drexel's father, Francis Martin Drexel, founded Drexel & Company, which was a predecessor of Drexel Burnham Lambert; DBL collapsed in 1990.
^ Geoffrey Wolff (2003). Black Sun: The Brief Transit and Violent Eclipse of Harry Crosby. New York Review of Books. ISBN 1-59017-066-0. 
^ "New York Bank History". Scripophily.com. Retrieved August 2, 2007. 
^ On July 13, 1989 J.P. Morgan & Co. underwrote an offering of 9.20% notes for Xerox Corporation, the first corporate debt offering underwritten by a commercial bank in the United States since 1933.
^ J. P. Morgan Weighs Merger And Cuts Jobs (New York TImes, 1998)
^ Banking's Big Deal: The Trend; A Deal Built on Weakness, and Strength (New York Times, September 13, 2000)
^ Banking's Big Deal: The Overview; Chase Is Reported On Verge of Deal to Obtain Morgan (New York Times, September 13, 2000)


Further reading[edit]

Carosso, Vincent P. The Morgans: Private International Bankers, 1854-1913. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1987.
Carosso, Vincent P. Investment Banking in America: A History. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1970.
Chernow, Ron. The House of Morgan: An American Banking Dynasty and the Rise of Modern Finance, (2001) ISBN 0-8021-3829-2
Fraser, Steve. Every Man a Speculator: A History of Wall Street in American Life. New York:HarperCollins, 2005.
Geisst, Charles R. Wall Street: A History from Its Beginnings to the Fall of Enron. Oxford University Press. 2004. online edition
Moody, John. The Masters of Capital: A Chronicle of Wall Street. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 1921.
Morris, Charles R. The Tycoons: How Andrew Carnegie, John D. Rockefeller, Jay Gould, and J. P. Morgan Invented the American Supereconomy (2005) ISBN 978-0-8050-8134-3
Pak, Susie J. Gentlemen Bankers: The World of J.P. Morgan. (Harvard University Press, 2013) excerpt, 1890s-1930s
Strouse, Jean. Morgan: American Financier. Random House, 1999. 796 pp. ISBN 978-0-679-46275-0

External links[edit]

Official J.P. Morgan & Co. website







v
t
e


JPMorgan Chase



Divisions



J.P. Morgan & Co.
Chase Bank
Chase Paymentech
Chase Card Services Canada
EMC Mortgage Company
Highbridge Capital Management
J.P. Morgan Cazenove
One Equity Partners





Notable current executives



Jamie Dimon (CEO)
Matthew E. Zames
Steven Black
Jing Ulrich





Notable former executives



John Pierpont Morgan
J. P. Morgan Jr.
Junius Spencer Morgan
George Peabody
Henry Sturgis Morgan
David Rockefeller
William B. Harrison Jr.
John B. McCoy
Walter V. Shipley
Douglas A. Warner III
Temple Bowdoin
Jes Staley
Blythe Masters
James B. Lee Jr.
Thomas W. Lamont
Dennis Weatherstone
John J. McCloy
Winthrop Aldrich





Board of directors



Crandall C. Bowles
Stephen B. Burke
David M. Cote
James S. Crown
Jamie Dimon
Ellen V. Futter
William H. Gray
Laban P. Jackson Jr.
David C. Novak
Lee R. Raymond
William C. Weldon





Historical components



American Fletcher
Anchor Savings Bank
Banca Commerciale Italiana Trust Co.
Bank One Corporation
The Manhattan Company
Bank United of Texas
Bear Stearns
CenTrust Bank
Chase Manhattan Bank
Chemical Bank
Corn Exchange Bank
Dime Savings Bank of New York
First Chicago Bank
First USA Bank
Great Western Bank
Hambrecht & Quist
H. F. Ahmanson & Co.
Indiana National
Jardine Fleming
J.P. Morgan & Co.
Lincoln Savings
Manufacturers Hanover
National Bank of Detroit
National Park Bank
New York Trust Company
Providian
Robert Fleming & Co.
State Bank of Chicago
Texas Commerce Bank
Valley National Bank of Arizona
Washington Mutual





Buildings



125 London Wall
245 Park Avenue
25 Bank Street
270 Park Avenue
277 Park Avenue
383 Madison Avenue
Chase Field
Chase Tower (Amarillo)
Chase Tower (Chicago)
Chase Tower (Dallas)
Chase Tower (El Paso)
Chase Tower (Englewood, Colorado)
Chase Tower (Indianapolis)
Chase Tower (Milwaukee)
Chase Tower (Oklahoma City)
Chase Tower (Phoenix)
Chase Tower (Rochester)
Chater House
Indiana Michigan Power Center (Fort Wayne)
JPMorgan Chase Building (San Francisco)
JPMorgan Chase Tower (Houston)
McCoy Building
One Chase Manhattan Plaza
The Qube (Detroit)








 Category
 Commons
 Wikiversity












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=J.P._Morgan_%26_Co.&oldid=792015749"					
Categories: House of MorganFormer investment banksInvestment banks in the United StatesHedge fund firms of the United StatesHistory of bankingHedge fund firms in New York CityInvestment companies based in New York CityAmerican companies established in 1871Banks established in 1871Financial services companies established in 1871Banks disestablished in 2000Financial services companies disestablished in 20001871 establishments in New York2000 disestablishments in New York20th century in New York CityJPMorgan ChaseHidden categories: Use mdy dates from January 2015 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسیFrançaisBahasa IndonesiaҚазақшаLietuviųРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 22:47.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









J.P. Morgan & Co. - Wikipedia





















 






J.P. Morgan & Co.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Drexel, Morgan & Co.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"House of Morgan" redirects here. For the building, see 23 Wall Street. For the Welsh dynasty descended from Morgan Hen, see kings of Morgannwg.
See also: JPMorgan Chase and J. P. Morgan

J.P. Morgan & Co.





Type

Subsidiary


Industry
Investment banking, commercial banking, asset management


Fate
Merged with Chase Manhattan Bank in 2000


Founded
1871; 146 years ago (1871)


Founder
J. P. Morgan


Headquarters
New York City, New York, United States



Number of employees

26,314 (2010)


Parent
JPMorgan Chase


Website
www.jpmorgan.com


J.P. Morgan & Co. is a commercial and investment banking institution based in the United States founded by John Pierpont Morgan and commonly known as the "House of Morgan" or simply "Morgan". The firm is a predecessor of three of the largest banking institutions in the United States and globally, JPMorgan Chase, Morgan Stanley, and Deutsche Bank (via Morgan, Grenfell & Co.), along with a hand in the formation of Drexel Burnham Lambert.
In 2000, J.P. Morgan & Co. merged with Chase Manhattan Bank to form JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the largest global banking institutions. Today, the "J.P. Morgan" brand is used to market certain JPMorgan Chase wholesale businesses, including investment banking, commercial banking and asset management. The J.P. Morgan branding was revamped in 2008 to return to its more traditional appearance after several years of depicting the "Chase" symbol to the right of a condensed and modernized "JPMorgan".
Between 1959 and 1989, J.P. Morgan operated as the Morgan Guaranty Trust, following its merger with the Guaranty Trust Company of New York.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Early history
1.2 The House of Morgan
1.3 Finances Allied bonds during World War I
1.4 Glass–Steagall and Morgan Stanley
1.5 Morgan Guaranty Trust
1.6 Return of J.P. Morgan & Co.
1.7 JPMorgan Chase


2 Footnotes
3 Further reading
4 External links



History[edit]
Early history[edit]




23 Wall Street. Former headquarters of J.P. Morgan & Co.


The origins of the firm date back to 1854 when Junius S. Morgan joined George Peabody & Co. (which became Peabody, Morgan & Co.), a London-based banking business headed by George Peabody. Junius took control of the firm, changing its name to J.S. Morgan & Co. in 1864 on Peabody's retirement. Junius' son, J. Pierpont Morgan, first apprenticed at Duncan, Sherman and Company in the New York City, then founded his own firm with a cousin, J. Pierpont Morgan & Company, in 1864.[1] J. Pierpont Morgan & Company traded in government bonds and foreign exchange. It also acted as an agent for Peabody’s. Junius, however, considered some of Pierpont’s ventures to be highly speculative. So, Pierpont took on Charles H. Dabney, a connection established when he was sent to the Azores as a child, as a senior partner and the firm was known first as Dabney, Morgan and Company (beginning in 1864), then "Drexel, Morgan & Co." (in 1871). In these firms, Pierpont used his Peabody connection to bring British financial capital together with rapidly growing U.S. industrial firms, such as railroads, who needed financial capital.[2] The Drexel of Drexel, Morgan & Co. was Philadelphia banker Anthony J. Drexel, founder of what is now Drexel University.[3]
The House of Morgan[edit]
On Junius’ death in 1890, Pierpont Morgan took his place at J.S. Morgan and Company. After Drexel’s death, Drexel, Morgan reorganized in 1895 and became J.P. Morgan and Company, eventually becoming one of the most powerful banking companies in the world and helping to transform the United States from an economic novice into the strongest industrial power in the world at that time.[2] It financed the formation of the United States Steel Corporation, which took over the business of Andrew Carnegie and others and was the world's first billion-dollar corporation. In 1895, it supplied the United States government with $62 million in gold to float a bond issue and restore the treasury surplus of $100 million. In 1892, the company began to finance the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad and led it through a series of acquisitions that made it the dominant railroad transporter in New England.




The Wall Street bombing September 16, 1920: a bomb exploded in front of the headquarters of J.P. Morgan Inc. at 23 Wall Street, injuring 400 and killing 38 people.


Built in 1914, 23 Wall Street was known as "The Corner" and "The House of Morgan," and for decades the bank's headquarters was the most important address in American finance. At noon, on September 16, 1920, an anarchist bomb exploded in front of the bank, killing 38 and injuring 400. Shortly before the bomb went off, an unknown person placed a warning note in a mailbox at the corner of Cedar Street and Broadway. The warning read: "Remember we will not tolerate any longer. Free the political prisoners or it will be sure death for all of you. American Anarchists Fighters." While theories abound about who was behind the Wall Street bombing and why they did it, after twenty years of investigation the FBI rendered the file inactive in 1940 without ever finding the perpetrators.
Finances Allied bonds during World War I[edit]
In August 1914, Henry P. Davison, a Morgan partner, traveled to London and made a deal with the Bank of England to make J.P. Morgan & Co. the sole underwriter of war bonds for Great Britain and France. The Bank of England became a fiscal agent of J.P. Morgan & Co., and vice versa. Over the course of the war, J.P. Morgan loaned about $1.5 billion (approximately $20.92 billion in today's dollars) to the Allies to fight against the Germans.[4]:63 The company also invested in the suppliers of war equipment to Britain and France, thus profiting from the financing and purchasing activities of the two European governments.
During the early 1920s, J.P. Morgan & Co. was active in promoting banks in the southern hemisphere, including the Bank of Central and South America.
Glass–Steagall and Morgan Stanley[edit]
In 1933, the provisions of the Glass–Steagall Act forced J.P. Morgan & Co. to separate its investment banking from its commercial banking operations. J.P. Morgan & Co. chose to operate as a commercial bank, because after the stock market crash of 1929, investment banking was in some disrepute and commercial lending was perceived to be more the profitable and prestigious business. Additionally, many within J.P. Morgan believed that a change in the political climate would allow the company to resume its securities businesses but that it would be nearly impossible to reconstitute the bank if it were disassembled.
In 1935, after being barred from securities business for over a year, the heads of J.P. Morgan made the decision to spin off its investment banking operations. Two J.P. Morgan partners, Henry S. Morgan (son of Jack Morgan and grandson of J. Pierpont Morgan) and Harold Stanley, founded Morgan Stanley on September 16, 1935 with $6.6 million of nonvoting preferred stock from J.P. Morgan partners. At the beginning, Morgan Stanley's headquarters were at 2 Wall Street, just down the street from J.P. Morgan, and Morgan Stanley bankers routinely used 23 Wall Street when closing transactions.




Morgan Guaranty logo ca. 1976


Morgan Guaranty Trust[edit]
In the years following the spin-off of Morgan Stanley, the securities business proved robust, while the parent firm, which incorporated in 1940,[5] was a little sleepy. By the 1950s J.P. Morgan was only a mid-size bank. In order to bolster its position, in 1959, J.P. Morgan merged with the Guaranty Trust Company of New York to form the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company. The two banks already had numerous relationships between them and had complementary characteristics as J.P. Morgan brought a prestigious name and high quality clients and bankers while Guaranty Trust brought a significant amount of capital. Although Guaranty Trust was nearly four times the size of J.P. Morgan at the time of the merger in 1959, J.P. Morgan was considered the buyer and nominal survivor and former J.P. Morgan employees were the primary managers of the merged company.
Return of J.P. Morgan & Co.[edit]




J.P. Morgan & Co. logo prior to its merger with Chase Manhattan Bank in 2000


Ten years after the merger, Morgan Guaranty established a bank holding company called J.P. Morgan & Co. Incorporated, but continued to operate as Morgan Guaranty through the 1980s before beginning to migrate back to use of the J.P. Morgan brand. In 1988, the company once again began operating exclusively as J.P. Morgan & Co.
Also in the 1980s, J.P. Morgan along with other commercial banks pushed the envelope of product offerings toward investment banking, beginning with the issuance of commercial paper. In 1989, the Federal Reserve permitted J.P. Morgan to be the first commercial bank to underwrite a corporate debt offering.[6] In the 1990s, J.P. Morgan moved quickly to rebuild its investment banking operations and by the late 1990s would emerge as a top-five player in securities underwriting.
JPMorgan Chase[edit]




JPMorgan logo prior to its 2008 rebranding


By the late 1990s, J.P. Morgan had emerged as a large but not dominant commercial and investment banking franchise with an attractive brand name and a strong presence in debt and equity securities underwriting. Beginning in 1998, J.P. Morgan openly discussed the possibility of a merger, and speculation of a pairing with banks including Goldman Sachs, Chase Manhattan Bank, Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank AG was prevalent.[7] Chase Manhattan had emerged as one of the largest and fastest growing commercial banks in the United States through a series of mergers over the previous decade. In 2000 Chase, which was looking for yet another transformational merger to improve its position in investment banking, merged with J.P. Morgan to form JPMorgan Chase & Co.[8][9] The combined JPMorgan Chase would become one of the largest banks both in the United States and globally offering a full complement of investment banking, commercial banking, retail banking, asset management, private banking and private equity businesses.
Footnotes[edit]


^ Moody, John (1919). The Masters of capitalism. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. pp. 12–13. Retrieved May 5, 2015. 
^ a b Morgan: American Financier by Jean Strouse
^ Drexel's father, Francis Martin Drexel, founded Drexel & Company, which was a predecessor of Drexel Burnham Lambert; DBL collapsed in 1990.
^ Geoffrey Wolff (2003). Black Sun: The Brief Transit and Violent Eclipse of Harry Crosby. New York Review of Books. ISBN 1-59017-066-0. 
^ "New York Bank History". Scripophily.com. Retrieved August 2, 2007. 
^ On July 13, 1989 J.P. Morgan & Co. underwrote an offering of 9.20% notes for Xerox Corporation, the first corporate debt offering underwritten by a commercial bank in the United States since 1933.
^ J. P. Morgan Weighs Merger And Cuts Jobs (New York TImes, 1998)
^ Banking's Big Deal: The Trend; A Deal Built on Weakness, and Strength (New York Times, September 13, 2000)
^ Banking's Big Deal: The Overview; Chase Is Reported On Verge of Deal to Obtain Morgan (New York Times, September 13, 2000)


Further reading[edit]

Carosso, Vincent P. The Morgans: Private International Bankers, 1854-1913. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1987.
Carosso, Vincent P. Investment Banking in America: A History. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1970.
Chernow, Ron. The House of Morgan: An American Banking Dynasty and the Rise of Modern Finance, (2001) ISBN 0-8021-3829-2
Fraser, Steve. Every Man a Speculator: A History of Wall Street in American Life. New York:HarperCollins, 2005.
Geisst, Charles R. Wall Street: A History from Its Beginnings to the Fall of Enron. Oxford University Press. 2004. online edition
Moody, John. The Masters of Capital: A Chronicle of Wall Street. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 1921.
Morris, Charles R. The Tycoons: How Andrew Carnegie, John D. Rockefeller, Jay Gould, and J. P. Morgan Invented the American Supereconomy (2005) ISBN 978-0-8050-8134-3
Pak, Susie J. Gentlemen Bankers: The World of J.P. Morgan. (Harvard University Press, 2013) excerpt, 1890s-1930s
Strouse, Jean. Morgan: American Financier. Random House, 1999. 796 pp. ISBN 978-0-679-46275-0

External links[edit]

Official J.P. Morgan & Co. website







v
t
e


JPMorgan Chase



Divisions



J.P. Morgan & Co.
Chase Bank
Chase Paymentech
Chase Card Services Canada
EMC Mortgage Company
Highbridge Capital Management
J.P. Morgan Cazenove
One Equity Partners





Notable current executives



Jamie Dimon (CEO)
Matthew E. Zames
Steven Black
Jing Ulrich





Notable former executives



John Pierpont Morgan
J. P. Morgan Jr.
Junius Spencer Morgan
George Peabody
Henry Sturgis Morgan
David Rockefeller
William B. Harrison Jr.
John B. McCoy
Walter V. Shipley
Douglas A. Warner III
Temple Bowdoin
Jes Staley
Blythe Masters
James B. Lee Jr.
Thomas W. Lamont
Dennis Weatherstone
John J. McCloy
Winthrop Aldrich





Board of directors



Crandall C. Bowles
Stephen B. Burke
David M. Cote
James S. Crown
Jamie Dimon
Ellen V. Futter
William H. Gray
Laban P. Jackson Jr.
David C. Novak
Lee R. Raymond
William C. Weldon





Historical components



American Fletcher
Anchor Savings Bank
Banca Commerciale Italiana Trust Co.
Bank One Corporation
The Manhattan Company
Bank United of Texas
Bear Stearns
CenTrust Bank
Chase Manhattan Bank
Chemical Bank
Corn Exchange Bank
Dime Savings Bank of New York
First Chicago Bank
First USA Bank
Great Western Bank
Hambrecht & Quist
H. F. Ahmanson & Co.
Indiana National
Jardine Fleming
J.P. Morgan & Co.
Lincoln Savings
Manufacturers Hanover
National Bank of Detroit
National Park Bank
New York Trust Company
Providian
Robert Fleming & Co.
State Bank of Chicago
Texas Commerce Bank
Valley National Bank of Arizona
Washington Mutual





Buildings



125 London Wall
245 Park Avenue
25 Bank Street
270 Park Avenue
277 Park Avenue
383 Madison Avenue
Chase Field
Chase Tower (Amarillo)
Chase Tower (Chicago)
Chase Tower (Dallas)
Chase Tower (El Paso)
Chase Tower (Englewood, Colorado)
Chase Tower (Indianapolis)
Chase Tower (Milwaukee)
Chase Tower (Oklahoma City)
Chase Tower (Phoenix)
Chase Tower (Rochester)
Chater House
Indiana Michigan Power Center (Fort Wayne)
JPMorgan Chase Building (San Francisco)
JPMorgan Chase Tower (Houston)
McCoy Building
One Chase Manhattan Plaza
The Qube (Detroit)








 Category
 Commons
 Wikiversity












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=J.P._Morgan_%26_Co.&oldid=792015749"					
Categories: House of MorganFormer investment banksInvestment banks in the United StatesHedge fund firms of the United StatesHistory of bankingHedge fund firms in New York CityInvestment companies based in New York CityAmerican companies established in 1871Banks established in 1871Financial services companies established in 1871Banks disestablished in 2000Financial services companies disestablished in 20001871 establishments in New York2000 disestablishments in New York20th century in New York CityJPMorgan ChaseHidden categories: Use mdy dates from January 2015 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسیFrançaisBahasa IndonesiaҚазақшаLietuviųРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 22:47.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






﻿






























Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. Has $938,000 Stake in Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Abbott Laboratories

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Abbott Laboratories with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

LLBH Private Wealth Management LLC Boosts Stake in Bank of America Corporation (BAC)
UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $336,000 Stake in Brooks Automation, Inc. (NASDAQ:BRKS)
UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Increases Position in Etsy, Inc. (ETSY)
Extreme Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXTR) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.
UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Boosts Stake in Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. (FOLD)
UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Reduces Stake in The Andersons, Inc. (NASDAQ:ANDE)
Oracle Corporation (ORCL) Stake Maintained by Tesco Pension Investment Ltd
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) Stake Boosted by LS Investment Advisors LLC
Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. Has $938,000 Stake in Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT)
Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Decreases Stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY)
Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Position Boosted by Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC
Exact Sciences Corporation (EXAS) Reaches New 52-Week High on Better-Than-Expected Earnings
Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. Continues to Hold Stake in Altria Group (MO)
International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) Stake Decreased by Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado
Bank of New York Mellon Corp Raises Stake in NeoPhotonics Corporation (NYSE:NPTN)
Bank of New York Mellon Corp Buys 19,992 Shares of The Trade Desk Inc. (NASDAQ:TTD)
Bank of New York Mellon Corp Boosts Position in Eros International PLC (NYSE:EROS)
Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Position Boosted by Bank of New York Mellon Corp
Bank of New York Mellon Corp Buys 9,575 Shares of Pacific Ethanol Inc (PEIX)
Security Asset Management Sells 180 Shares of Philip Morris International Inc (PM)







Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. Has $938,000 Stake in Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT)


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments




Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. increased its position in  Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) by 1.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 21,132 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock after buying an additional 284 shares during the period. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc.’s holdings in Abbott Laboratories were worth $938,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Whittier Trust Co. boosted its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 1.7% in the first quarter. Whittier Trust Co. now owns 401,048 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $17,807,000 after buying an additional 6,751 shares in the last quarter.  Marshwinds Advisory Co. boosted its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 118.2% in the first quarter. Marshwinds Advisory Co. now owns 66,576 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $2,957,000 after buying an additional 36,069 shares in the last quarter.  Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 7.6% in the first quarter. Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. now owns 103,815 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $4,610,000 after buying an additional 7,309 shares in the last quarter.  Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY boosted its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 3.1% in the first quarter. Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY now owns 1,529,641 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $67,931,000 after buying an additional 46,118 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Barings LLC boosted its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 19.0% in the fourth quarter. Barings LLC now owns 62,526 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $2,402,000 after buying an additional 10,000 shares in the last quarter. 71.08% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Abbott Laboratories alerts:



Shares of Abbott Laboratories (NYSE ABT) opened at 50.11 on Friday. Abbott Laboratories has a 52 week low of $37.38 and a 52 week high of $51.13. The company has a market cap of $86.95 billion, a PE ratio of 70.18 and a beta of 1.07. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $48.68 and a 200 day moving average price of $45.00. 





Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, July 20th. The healthcare product maker reported $0.62 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.60 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $6.64 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.63 billion. Abbott Laboratories had a return on equity of 15.53% and a net margin of 4.96%. Abbott Laboratories’s quarterly revenue was up 24.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.55 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts expect that  Abbott Laboratories will post $2.49 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Investors of record on Friday, July 14th will be issued a dividend of $0.265 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, July 12th. This represents a $1.06 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.12%. Abbott Laboratories’s payout ratio is presently 149.30%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. Has $938,000 Stake in Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT)” was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/28/benjamin-f-edwards-company-inc-has-938000-stake-in-abbott-laboratories-nyseabt.html. 
A number of equities analysts recently weighed in on ABT shares. Zacks Investment Research cut Abbott Laboratories from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Wells Fargo & Company  reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $54.00 price target (up previously from $47.50) on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Friday, June 30th. TheStreet raised Abbott Laboratories from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Monday, July 3rd. Barclays PLC  reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $57.00 price target (up previously from $52.00) on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Saturday, July 22nd. Finally, BMO Capital Markets  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $48.00 price target on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have issued  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $52.13.
In related news, insider Stephen R. Fussell sold 196,550 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, June 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $46.00, for a total transaction of $9,041,300.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 221,488 shares in the company, valued at $10,188,448. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Jared Watkin sold 552 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, June 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $47.97, for a total value of $26,479.44. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 47,090 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,258,907.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 201,702 shares of company stock valued at $9,301,413. 0.76% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. 
Abbott Laboratories Company Profile
Abbott Laboratories is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of healthcare products. The Company operates through four segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional Products and Vascular Products. Its Established Pharmaceutical Products include a range of branded generic pharmaceuticals manufactured around the world and marketed and sold outside the United States.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ABT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT).







Receive News & Ratings for Abbott Laboratories Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 




















































Fixed Income Investments | Drexel Morgan & Co.


















Skip to main content









Drexel Morgan & Co.


 


Main menuOur Heritage
Investment Philosophy
Investment Process
Equity Investments
Fixed Income Investments
About Us
Inquiries
  
 

You are hereHome



Fixed Income Investments Blue Box

Fixed Income Investments 


 



          Fixed Income Investments        








It is our opinion that equity investing provides better returns over the long term. However, for clients wishing to invest in fixed income, we take steps to efficiently allocate funds between debt and equity securities.


We leverage the expertise of our affiliates to assist us in actively managing the fixed income portion of our clients’ portfolios in order to capitalize on the opportunities available during the interest rate cycle by moving along the yield curve. 


We are very much aware of the spreads that exist among various sectors of the fixed income market from time to time and will take advantage of these divergences. Bond portfolios will emphasize high-quality issues (rated “A” or better) with maturities up to ten years (five-year average life). We will generally avoid long-term issues, as incremental returns do not often justify the risks. 

 




 
 




Footer Links Top

Three Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 450
Radnor, PA 19087
610-995-8733
Fax 610-995-8795
Directions
 


Footer Bottom


Disclaimers + Terms of Use
©2017 Drexel Morgan & Co.
 


Disclaimers and Terms of Use

Disclaimers

This website was prepared for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation, offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or financial instrument or to participate in any investment strategy.
This website must not be provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan & Co. is not authorized to provide such information or services.


The views and opinions expressed above are those of the portfolio management team at the time of writing, are subject to change based on market, economic and other conditions, and should not be construed as recommendation or investment advice. This material may not be reproduced or distributed. Registration of an Investment Adviser does not imply any level of skill or training.
Risk of Loss
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that clients should be prepared to bear and there is no guarantee that any investment strategy will meet its objective.

Terms of Use

Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By accessing this website and any pages hereof, you are indicating that you have read, acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not access this website. Drexel Morgan & Co. (Drexel Morgan) reserves the right to change these Terms of Use, which you are responsible for regularly reviewing and your continued use of this website constitutes agreement to all such changes.
Drexel Morgan reserves the right, in its sole discretion, without any obligation and without any notice requirement, to change, improve or correct the information, materials and descriptions on this website and to suspend and/or deny access to this website for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, upgrades, improvements or corrections. The information and materials on this website may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies. Any dated information is published as of its date only, and Drexel Morgan does not undertake any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any such information. Drexel Morgan may discontinue or change any product or service described in or offered on this website at any time.
None of the information contained in this website constitutes a recommendation, solicitation or offer by Drexel Morgan to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments or provide any investment advice or service.


The information contained in this website has been prepared without reference to any particular user’s investment requirements or financial situation. Certain transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. Prior to the execution of any transaction by you involving information you received from this website, you should consult your business advisor, attorney and tax and accounting advisors with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment. Pricing and other information generated through the use of data or services made available herein may not reflect actual prices or values that would be available in the market at the time provided or at the time that the user may want to purchase or sell a particular security or other instrument.
The information and services provided on this website are not provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan is not authorized to provide such information or services. Some products and services described in this website may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all clients.

 


George W. Connell

George W. Connell - President
 
Mr. George Connell is the Founder and a current Director of The Haverford Trust Company, Director of Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc. and Haverford Financial Services, which are subsidiaries of Drexel Morgan & Co.
George established the Haverford Quality Investing® investment philosophy. The Haverford Trust Company has followed this historically successful and disciplined process since its inception in 1979. George has more than 50 years of investment management experience and serves as a member of the Executive Committees for Drexel Morgan & Co. and The Haverford Trust Company.
 
Education:
 
B.S. from the Wharton School,  University of Pennsylvania
 
Board Affiliations & Professional Memberships:
 
Trustee and Finance Committee Chairman, Caroline A. Buck Foundation (1991-Present)
Hospitality Committee, Devon Horse Show & Country Fair FBO Bryn Mawr Hospital (1995-Present)
Trustee Emeritus and Finance Committee Member (current), Morris Arboretum (1974-Present)
Trustee, Academy in Manayunk (2002-Present)
Finance Committee, Project Home (2013-Present)
Board of Overseers, University of Pennsylvania Athletic Association (1994-Present)
 
Previous Experience:
 
Founder & Chief Investment Officer, Rittenhouse Financial Services
Principal & Chair of the Investment Selection Committee, Drexel & Co.
Corporate Research Analyst, J.P. Morgan & Company
Investment Manager (2003-2012), WW Smith Foundation
Investment Manager (1961-2000), Society of the Holy Child Jesus
Investment Manager (1993-2000), Philadelphia Pension Fund
Investment Manager (1977-1995), Graduate Hospital Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1983-1990), Rosemont College Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1967-1983), Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament Founded by St. Katherine Drexel
Investment Manager (1968-1983), Douty Foundation
Investment Manager (1963-1973), University of Pennsylvania Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1973-1982), Drexel University Endowment Fund
 
Previous Board Affiliations:
 
Finance Committee Chairman, Northern Home for Children (1961-2006)
Finance Committee Chairman and Board Vice Chairman, Historical Society of Pennsylvania (1974-2000)
Director and Finance Committee Chairman, National Rolling Mills (1976-2012)
Trustee and Finance Committee Chairman, Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts (1995-2000)
Trustee, Providence Center, A Ministry of the Society of the Holy Child Jesus (1993-Present)
 


 
 
 











About | Drexel Morgan & Co.



















Skip to main content









Drexel Morgan & Co.


 


Main menuOur Heritage
Investment Philosophy
Investment Process
Equity Investments
Fixed Income Investments
About Us
Inquiries
  
 

You are hereHome



About Us Blue Box

About Drexel Morgan & Co. 


 



          About        




Directors




 
George W. Connell
President, Drexel Morgan & Co.
 
 
MORE >
 
 
"Permalink"


George W. Connell



Submitted by admin on Fri, 06/20/2014 - 08:47 

George W. Connell - President
Mr. George Connell is the Founder and a current Director of The Haverford Trust Company, Director of Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc. and Haverford Financial Services, which are subsidiaries of Drexel Morgan & Co.
George established the Haverford Quality Investing® investment philosophy. The Haverford Trust Company has followed this historically successful and disciplined process since its inception in 1979. George has more than 50 years of investment management experience and serves as a member of the Executive Committees for Drexel Morgan & Co. and The Haverford Trust Company.
Education: B.S. from the Wharton School,  University of Pennsylvania
Board Affiliations & Professional Memberships: Trustee and Finance Committee Chairman, Caroline A. Buck Foundation (1991-Present)
Hospitality Committee, Devon Horse Show & Country Fair FBO Bryn Mawr Hospital (1995-Present)
Trustee Emeritus and Finance Committee Member (current), Morris Arboretum (1974-Present)
Trustee, Academy in Manayunk (2002-Present)
Finance Committee, Project Home (2013-Present)
Board of Overseers, University of Pennsylvania Athletic Association (1994-Present)
Previous Experience: Founder & Chief Investment Officer, Rittenhouse Financial Services
Principal & Chair of the Investment Selection Committee, Drexel & Co.
Corporate Research Analyst, J.P. Morgan & Company
Investment Manager (2003-2012), WW Smith Foundation
Investment Manager (1961-2000), Society of the Holy Child Jesus
Investment Manager (1993-2000), Philadelphia Pension Fund
Investment Manager (1977-1995), Graduate Hospital Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1983-1990), Rosemont College Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1967-1983), Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament Founded by St. Katherine Drexel
Investment Manager (1968-1983), Douty Foundation
Investment Manager (1963-1973), University of Pennsylvania Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1973-1982), Drexel University Endowment Fund
Previous Board Affiliations: Finance Committee Chairman, Northern Home for Children (1961-2006)
Finance Committee Chairman and Board Vice Chairman, Historical Society of Pennsylvania (1974-2000)
Director and Finance Committee Chairman, National Rolling Mills (1976-2012)
Trustee and Finance Committee Chairman, Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts (1995-2000)
Trustee, Providence Center, A Ministry of the Society of the Holy Child Jesus (1993-Present)
 

Read more about George W. Connell
 

  

 
John A. Fry
President, Drexel University
 
  
 
"Permalink"


John A. Fry



Submitted by admin on Fri, 06/20/2014 - 08:47 



Read more about John A. Fry
 

  

 
John F. McGill, Jr.
Director, DNB First
 
  
 
"Permalink"


John F. McGill, Jr.



Submitted by admin on Fri, 06/20/2014 - 08:48 



Read more about John F. McGill, Jr.
 

  

 
Bruce A. Rosenfield, Esq.
Partner, Schnader Harrisson Segal & Lewis, LLP
 
  
 
"Permalink"


Bruce A. Rosenfield, Esq.



Submitted by admin on Fri, 06/20/2014 - 08:48 



Read more about Bruce A. Rosenfield, Esq.
 

  

 


Advisory Board




 
J. William Knott
Private Investor 
  

 
Lynda M. McFeeley
Senior Vice President & Treasurer, Drexel Morgan & Co.
  

 
Henry B. Smith
Director & Co-Chief Investment Officer, The Haverford Trust Company
  

 
Paul S. Rovner
Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, Drexel Morgan & Co.
  

 
Nancy Kneeland
Vice President 
  

 






Investment Management
Drexel Morgan & Co.’s standard annual fee for advisory services is as follows:

On the first $2,000,000 1.00%
On the next $3,000,000 0.75%
On the next $5,000,000 0.50%
The fee for accounts in excess of $10 million will be negotiated.

Legal Counsel
Stevens & Lee
Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP
Preferred Custodian
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
 
Regulatory Authority
United States Securities and Exchange Commission* 




About Us Footnote

*Registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission does not imply a certain level of skill or training. 


 
 




Footer Links Top

Three Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 450
Radnor, PA 19087
610-995-8733
Fax 610-995-8795
Directions
 


Footer Bottom


Disclaimers + Terms of Use
©2017 Drexel Morgan & Co.
 


Footer Subsidiaries

Drexel Morgan & Co. Subsidiaries:

Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc 
The Haverford Trust Company
Haverford Financial Services, Inc.
 


Disclaimers and Terms of Use

Disclaimers

This website was prepared for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation, offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or financial instrument or to participate in any investment strategy.
This website must not be provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan & Co. is not authorized to provide such information or services.


The views and opinions expressed above are those of the portfolio management team at the time of writing, are subject to change based on market, economic and other conditions, and should not be construed as recommendation or investment advice. This material may not be reproduced or distributed. Registration of an Investment Adviser does not imply any level of skill or training.
Risk of Loss
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that clients should be prepared to bear and there is no guarantee that any investment strategy will meet its objective.

Terms of Use

Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By accessing this website and any pages hereof, you are indicating that you have read, acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not access this website. Drexel Morgan & Co. (Drexel Morgan) reserves the right to change these Terms of Use, which you are responsible for regularly reviewing and your continued use of this website constitutes agreement to all such changes.
Drexel Morgan reserves the right, in its sole discretion, without any obligation and without any notice requirement, to change, improve or correct the information, materials and descriptions on this website and to suspend and/or deny access to this website for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, upgrades, improvements or corrections. The information and materials on this website may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies. Any dated information is published as of its date only, and Drexel Morgan does not undertake any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any such information. Drexel Morgan may discontinue or change any product or service described in or offered on this website at any time.
None of the information contained in this website constitutes a recommendation, solicitation or offer by Drexel Morgan to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments or provide any investment advice or service.


The information contained in this website has been prepared without reference to any particular user’s investment requirements or financial situation. Certain transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. Prior to the execution of any transaction by you involving information you received from this website, you should consult your business advisor, attorney and tax and accounting advisors with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment. Pricing and other information generated through the use of data or services made available herein may not reflect actual prices or values that would be available in the market at the time provided or at the time that the user may want to purchase or sell a particular security or other instrument.
The information and services provided on this website are not provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan is not authorized to provide such information or services. Some products and services described in this website may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all clients.

 


George W. Connell

George W. Connell - President
 
Mr. George Connell is the Founder and a current Director of The Haverford Trust Company, Director of Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc. and Haverford Financial Services, which are subsidiaries of Drexel Morgan & Co.
George established the Haverford Quality Investing® investment philosophy. The Haverford Trust Company has followed this historically successful and disciplined process since its inception in 1979. George has more than 50 years of investment management experience and serves as a member of the Executive Committees for Drexel Morgan & Co. and The Haverford Trust Company.
 
Education:
 
B.S. from the Wharton School,  University of Pennsylvania
 
Board Affiliations & Professional Memberships:
 
Trustee and Finance Committee Chairman, Caroline A. Buck Foundation (1991-Present)
Hospitality Committee, Devon Horse Show & Country Fair FBO Bryn Mawr Hospital (1995-Present)
Trustee Emeritus and Finance Committee Member (current), Morris Arboretum (1974-Present)
Trustee, Academy in Manayunk (2002-Present)
Finance Committee, Project Home (2013-Present)
Board of Overseers, University of Pennsylvania Athletic Association (1994-Present)
 
Previous Experience:
 
Founder & Chief Investment Officer, Rittenhouse Financial Services
Principal & Chair of the Investment Selection Committee, Drexel & Co.
Corporate Research Analyst, J.P. Morgan & Company
Investment Manager (2003-2012), WW Smith Foundation
Investment Manager (1961-2000), Society of the Holy Child Jesus
Investment Manager (1993-2000), Philadelphia Pension Fund
Investment Manager (1977-1995), Graduate Hospital Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1983-1990), Rosemont College Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1967-1983), Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament Founded by St. Katherine Drexel
Investment Manager (1968-1983), Douty Foundation
Investment Manager (1963-1973), University of Pennsylvania Endowment Fund
Investment Manager (1973-1982), Drexel University Endowment Fund
 
Previous Board Affiliations:
 
Finance Committee Chairman, Northern Home for Children (1961-2006)
Finance Committee Chairman and Board Vice Chairman, Historical Society of Pennsylvania (1974-2000)
Director and Finance Committee Chairman, National Rolling Mills (1976-2012)
Trustee and Finance Committee Chairman, Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts (1995-2000)
Trustee, Providence Center, A Ministry of the Society of the Holy Child Jesus (1993-Present)
 


 
 
 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















About Us | Drexel Morgan
















Skip to main content









Drexel Morgan


 

Main menuWelcome
Our Services
Our Philosophy
Our Process
About Us
Our Publications
Inquiries
  
 


Secondary menuOur Team
  
You are hereHome



About Us Sidebar

Our sole focus is
building wealth for
our clients — for generations. 


 



          About Us        








About Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers
Founded in 1980 by James L. McCabe, Ph.D., we have earned a reputation for serving clients with integrity, intelligence, and independence.
Jim actively leads the firm, steers the investment committee, and ensures that the investment team is consistent in philosophy and process and attentive to portfolio details. As an independent boutique, we take a hands-on approach and act decisively in making consistent recommendations. Our expertise extends beyond traditional asset classes to include alternative investments, international developed and emerging markets, and socially responsible investing, which enables us to provide truly comprehensive, customized solutions. Our clients have direct access to our professionals, who serve to complement investment staff or family offices and deliver transparent personal service. In 2010, Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers (previously McCabe Capital Managers) joined Drexel Morgan & Co. as an independent subsidiary.
Estimated as of December 31, 2016, we advise or consult on approximately $5.7 billion in assets. Approximately $1 billion involves assets under management for accounts receiving continuous and regular supervisory or management services, and approximately $1.4 billion involves consulting assets where we provide continuous and regular supervision for assets under management with other investment advisers. The remainder, approximately $3.3 billion involves consulting assets overseen on a periodic or event-driven basis determined by clients' requirements.  




 
 




Footer Links Top

Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc.
Three Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 305
Radnor, PA 19087
610-971-1901
Fax 610-971-1909
Directions
 


Footer Bottom


Disclaimers + Terms of Use
©2017 Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc.
 


Disclaimers and Terms of Use

Disclaimers


All information contained herein is based on past performance and is not intended to be indicative of future results. All data provided are current as of December 31, 2015.
This website was prepared for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation, offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or financial instrument or to participate in any investment strategy.
This website was prepared for sophisticated investors who are capable of understanding the risks associated with the investments described herein.
Certain financial instruments and transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. You should consult your business adviser, attorney and tax and accounting advisers with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment.
This website must not be provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers (“DMCA”) is not authorized to provide such information or services.
The views and opinions expressed above are those of the portfolio management team at the time of writing, are subject to change based on market, economic and other conditions, and should not be construed as recommendation or investment advice.
This material may not be reproduced or distributed.


Registration of an Investment Adviser does not imply any level of skill or training
Estimated as of December 31, 2015, Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers advises or consults on approximately $5.1 billion in assets. Approximately $1.1 billion involves assets under management for accounts receiving continuous and regular supervisory or management services, and approximately $1.2 billion involves consulting assets where Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers provides continuous and regular supervision for assets under management with other investment advisers. The remainder, approximately $2.8 billion, involves consulting assets overseen on a periodic or event-driven basis based on clients’ requirements.
Risk of Loss
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that clients should be prepared to bear and there is no guarantee that any investment strategy will meet its objective.
Alternative Investments
Investment in alternative investment products requires that the investor meet certain suitability standards, and therefore, may not be suitable for all investors. Alternative investments are speculative, involve a high degree of risk, are typically highly illiquid and engage in leverage or other speculative practices that may increase volatility and risk of loss. Investors could lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, alternative investments typically have higher fees than other investments which will lower returns.


Terms of Use


Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By accessing this website and any pages hereof, you are indicating that you have read, acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not access this website. Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers (“DMCA”) reserves the right to change these Terms of Use, which you are responsible for regularly reviewing and your continued use of this website constitutes agreement to all such changes.
DMCA reserves the right, in its sole discretion, without any obligation and without any notice requirement, to change, improve or correct the information, materials and descriptions on this website and to suspend and/or deny access to this website for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, upgrades, improvements or corrections. The information and materials on this website may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies. Any dated information is published as of its date only, and DMCA does not undertake any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any such information. DMCA may discontinue or change any product or service described in or offered on this website at any time.
None of the information contained in this website constitutes a recommendation, solicitation or offer by DMCA to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments or provide any investment advice or service.


The information contained in this website has been prepared without reference to any particular user’s investment requirements or financial situation. Certain transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. Prior to the execution of any transaction by you involving information you received from this website, you should consult your business advisor, attorney and tax and accounting advisors with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment.
Pricing and other information generated through the use of data or services made available herein may not reflect actual prices or values that would be available in the market at the time provided or at the time that the user may want to purchase or sell a particular security or other instrument. The information and services provided on this website are not provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where DMCA is not authorized to provide such information or services. Some products and services described in this website may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all clients. The information in this website is only directed to U.S. residents.

 


 
 
 









About Us | Drexel Morgan
















Skip to main content









Drexel Morgan


 

Main menuWelcome
Our Services
Our Philosophy
Our Process
About Us
Our Publications
Inquiries
  
 


Secondary menuOur Team
  
You are hereHome



About Us Sidebar

Our sole focus is
building wealth for
our clients — for generations. 


 



          About Us        








About Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers
Founded in 1980 by James L. McCabe, Ph.D., we have earned a reputation for serving clients with integrity, intelligence, and independence.
Jim actively leads the firm, steers the investment committee, and ensures that the investment team is consistent in philosophy and process and attentive to portfolio details. As an independent boutique, we take a hands-on approach and act decisively in making consistent recommendations. Our expertise extends beyond traditional asset classes to include alternative investments, international developed and emerging markets, and socially responsible investing, which enables us to provide truly comprehensive, customized solutions. Our clients have direct access to our professionals, who serve to complement investment staff or family offices and deliver transparent personal service. In 2010, Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers (previously McCabe Capital Managers) joined Drexel Morgan & Co. as an independent subsidiary.
Estimated as of December 31, 2016, we advise or consult on approximately $5.7 billion in assets. Approximately $1 billion involves assets under management for accounts receiving continuous and regular supervisory or management services, and approximately $1.4 billion involves consulting assets where we provide continuous and regular supervision for assets under management with other investment advisers. The remainder, approximately $3.3 billion involves consulting assets overseen on a periodic or event-driven basis determined by clients' requirements.  




 
 




Footer Links Top

Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc.
Three Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 305
Radnor, PA 19087
610-971-1901
Fax 610-971-1909
Directions
 


Footer Bottom


Disclaimers + Terms of Use
©2017 Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers, Inc.
 


Disclaimers and Terms of Use

Disclaimers


All information contained herein is based on past performance and is not intended to be indicative of future results. All data provided are current as of December 31, 2015.
This website was prepared for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation, offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or financial instrument or to participate in any investment strategy.
This website was prepared for sophisticated investors who are capable of understanding the risks associated with the investments described herein.
Certain financial instruments and transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. You should consult your business adviser, attorney and tax and accounting advisers with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment.
This website must not be provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers (“DMCA”) is not authorized to provide such information or services.
The views and opinions expressed above are those of the portfolio management team at the time of writing, are subject to change based on market, economic and other conditions, and should not be construed as recommendation or investment advice.
This material may not be reproduced or distributed.


Registration of an Investment Adviser does not imply any level of skill or training
Estimated as of December 31, 2015, Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers advises or consults on approximately $5.1 billion in assets. Approximately $1.1 billion involves assets under management for accounts receiving continuous and regular supervisory or management services, and approximately $1.2 billion involves consulting assets where Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers provides continuous and regular supervision for assets under management with other investment advisers. The remainder, approximately $2.8 billion, involves consulting assets overseen on a periodic or event-driven basis based on clients’ requirements.
Risk of Loss
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that clients should be prepared to bear and there is no guarantee that any investment strategy will meet its objective.
Alternative Investments
Investment in alternative investment products requires that the investor meet certain suitability standards, and therefore, may not be suitable for all investors. Alternative investments are speculative, involve a high degree of risk, are typically highly illiquid and engage in leverage or other speculative practices that may increase volatility and risk of loss. Investors could lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, alternative investments typically have higher fees than other investments which will lower returns.


Terms of Use


Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By accessing this website and any pages hereof, you are indicating that you have read, acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not access this website. Drexel Morgan Capital Advisers (“DMCA”) reserves the right to change these Terms of Use, which you are responsible for regularly reviewing and your continued use of this website constitutes agreement to all such changes.
DMCA reserves the right, in its sole discretion, without any obligation and without any notice requirement, to change, improve or correct the information, materials and descriptions on this website and to suspend and/or deny access to this website for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, upgrades, improvements or corrections. The information and materials on this website may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies. Any dated information is published as of its date only, and DMCA does not undertake any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any such information. DMCA may discontinue or change any product or service described in or offered on this website at any time.
None of the information contained in this website constitutes a recommendation, solicitation or offer by DMCA to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments or provide any investment advice or service.


The information contained in this website has been prepared without reference to any particular user’s investment requirements or financial situation. Certain transactions give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. Prior to the execution of any transaction by you involving information you received from this website, you should consult your business advisor, attorney and tax and accounting advisors with respect to the price, suitability, value, risk or other aspects of any stock, mutual fund, security or other investment.
Pricing and other information generated through the use of data or services made available herein may not reflect actual prices or values that would be available in the market at the time provided or at the time that the user may want to purchase or sell a particular security or other instrument. The information and services provided on this website are not provided to and may not be used by any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the provision or use thereof would be contrary to applicable laws, rules or regulations of any governmental authority or regulatory or self-regulatory organization or clearing organization or where DMCA is not authorized to provide such information or services. Some products and services described in this website may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all clients. The information in this website is only directed to U.S. residents.

 


 
 
 


