










 













 




Dreyfus Premier Worldwide Growth Fund, Inc. - Dreyfus Worldwide Growth Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:07 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Dreyfus Premier Worldwide Growth Fund, Inc. - Dreyfus Worldwide Growth Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Dreyfus Premier Worldwide Growth Fund, Inc. - Dreyfus Worldwide Growth Fund is an open ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by The Dreyfus Corporation. The fund is co-managed by Fayez Sarofim & Co. It invests in the public equity markets of countries across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in the growth and dividend-paying stocks of large-cap companies, with market capitalization of more than USD 5 billion. The fund employs fundamental analysis by focusing on factors such as sustained patterns of profitability, strong balance sheets, an expanding global presence, the potential to achieve predictable, abov...
Dreyfus Premier Worldwide Growth Fund, Inc. - Dreyfus Worldwide Growth Fund is an open ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by The Dreyfus Corporation. The fund is co-managed by Fayez Sarofim & Co. It invests in the public equity markets of countries across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in the growth and dividend-paying stocks of large-cap companies, with market capitalization of more than USD 5 billion. The fund employs fundamental analysis by focusing on factors such as sustained patterns of profitability, strong balance sheets, an expanding global presence, the potential to achieve predictable, above-average earnings growth, economic sectors, a long record of profit growth and dividend payment, and a reputation for quality management products and services to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI World Index. The fund was formerly known as Dreyfus Premier Worldwide Growth Fund, Inc. - Dreyfus Premier Worldwide Growth Fund, Inc. Dreyfus Premier Worldwide Growth Fund, Inc. - Dreyfus Worldwide Growth Fund was formed on February 5, 1993 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


200 Park AvenueNew York, NY 10166United StatesFounded in 1993



Phone: 212-922-7045

Fax: 212-922-6650

public.dreyfus.com/product/0070/overview







Key Executives for Dreyfus Premier Worldwide Growth Fund, Inc. - Dreyfus Worldwide Growth Fund




Mr. Stephen Robert Byers


      	Executive Vice President
      


Age: 62
        







Mr. James Windels


      	Treasurer
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. Robert M. Mullery


      	Vice President and Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 65
        







Mr. Jeffrey S. Prusnofsky


      	Vice President and Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 52
        







Mr. John B. Hammalian


      	Vice President and Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 54
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Dreyfus Premier Worldwide Growth Fund, Inc. - Dreyfus Worldwide Growth Fund, please visit public.dreyfus.com/product/0070/overview.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























PGROX Dreyfus Worldwide Growth A Fund PGROX Quote Price News

































Menu






Menu





Welcome!









Membership

About Morningstar >
Logout
Login
Subscribe
Register
Premium



Site Search



Search Symbols









Search The Site













































































Coming Soon: See a Preview of Our New Fund Quote Page














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











List of All Dreyfus Premier Funds
















Welcome!













Company Site
Log In


Subscribe
Register




 















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEFs
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 

















        All Dreyfus Premier Funds
      



Search By

Fund Family



              Data Question
            

 Go










            All Dreyfus Premier Funds
              






Dreyfus 130/30 Growth A
 
Dreyfus Alpha Growth C


Dreyfus AMT-Free Muni Bond Z
 
Dreyfus Balanced I


Dreyfus Balanced Opportunity J
 
Dreyfus CA AMT-Free Muni Bond Z


Dreyfus Capital Growth & Income A
 
Dreyfus Core Equity A


Dreyfus Core Value A
 
Dreyfus Diversified Intl A













Dreyfus Emerg Mrkt Db Lcl Crnc A
 
Dreyfus Emerging Asia A


Dreyfus Emerging Markets A
 
Dreyfus Enhanced Income Instl


Dreyfus Enterprise A
 
Dreyfus Equity Income A


Dreyfus Global Equity Income A
 
Dreyfus Global Real Estate Sec I


Dreyfus Greater China A
 
Dreyfus Health Care A













Dreyfus High Income A
 
Dreyfus International Bond A


Dreyfus International Eq A
 
Dreyfus International Gr A


Dreyfus International Sm-Cp A
 
Dreyfus Large Cap Equity A


Dreyfus Large Cap Growth I
 
Dreyfus Large Cap Value I


Dreyfus Large Company Stock A
 
Dreyfus Limited-Term Income I













Dreyfus Ltd-Term High Yld I
 
Dreyfus Midcap Stock I


Dreyfus Municipal Bond Opportunity A
 
Dreyfus Natural Resources A


Dreyfus New Leaders A
 
Dreyfus NJ Municipal Bond A


Dreyfus NY AMT-Free Muni Bond A
 
Dreyfus Premier Emerging Mkts Opp A


Dreyfus Premier Global Alpha A
 
Dreyfus Premier Global Stock I













Dreyfus Premier International Stock I
 
Dreyfus Premier Systematic Intl Equity A


Dreyfus S&P Stars Opp C
 
Dreyfus S&P Stars T


Dreyfus Short Term Income D
 
Dreyfus Sht-Intm Muni Bond D


Dreyfus Small Cap Equity I
 
Dreyfus Small Cap Value I


Dreyfus State Muni Bond CT A
 
Dreyfus State Muni Bond MA A













Dreyfus State Muni Bond MD A
 
Dreyfus State Muni Bond MI A


Dreyfus State Muni Bond MN A
 
Dreyfus State Muni Bond NC A


Dreyfus State Muni Bond OH A
 
Dreyfus State Muni Bond PA A


Dreyfus State Muni Bond VA A
 
Dreyfus Strategic Income A


Dreyfus Tax-Managed Growth A
 
Dreyfus Third Century Z













Dreyfus U.S. Equity A
 
Dreyfus Worldwide Growth A


Dreyfus Yield Advantage D
 













Show Data Definitions  |  Feedback  |  Order Reprints | Ticker Lookup














Dreyfus Premier Family
          
All Funds from Family
Dreyfus Premier Data Pages
                



                  Analyst Rated Family Funds
                



            Analyst Favorites and Tools
          

              Premium Fund Screener
            
Fund Favorites & Red Flags

              ETF Analyst Favorites
            

              ETF Valuations
            
Premium Stock Screener


Fund Stewardship Reports

                  All Fund Family Data
                

              ETF Screener
            

              Stock Analyst Reports
            

              Stock Star Rating Changes
            



            Morningstar Archives
          
Morningstar Articles
Morningstar Videos
Market Newswires
Perspectives



              Stocks
              Analyst Notes
            

              Fund Analyst Reports
            

              ETF Analyst Reports
            
Most Popular




Sponsor Center






















Content Partners
            	







Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 


 


 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers
Company News





International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland
India
Finland 






Stocks by:
            Name|
Ticker|
Star Rating|
Market Cap|
Stock Type|
Sector|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating|
Investment Style|
Total Assets|
Category|
Top Holdings|
Top Sectors|
Symbol / Ticker|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating|
Category|
Total Assets|
Symbol / Ticker|
Name



Articles by:
            Title|
Date|
Author|
Collection|
Interest|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic|
Sector|
Key Indicators|
User Interest|
Market Cap|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name|
Ticker|
Star Rating|
Market Cap|
Stock Type|
Sector|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating|
Investment Style|
Total Assets|
Category|
Top Holdings|
Top Sectors|
Symbol / Ticker|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating|
Category|
Total Assets|
Symbol / Ticker|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title|
Date|
Author|
Collection|
Interest|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic|
Sector|
Key Indicators|
User Interest|
Market Cap|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
















Dreyfus Worldwide Growth Fund Class A | Overview | Dreyfus Investment Management























       Individual Investors   Financial Advisors   Institutional Cash Management        Logout       My Cart  My Cart   Close                





ProductsAccount Access & FormsInsightsInvest with DreyfusA BNY MELLON COMPANY






EmailPrint this page




Dreyfus Worldwide Growth Fund


      			Ticker:
      		
      		
      		PGROX     


Product Code: 0070


CUSIP: 261989107




	Share Class:
		
	
Class A
Class C
Class I
Class Y








Overview
Performance
Portfolio
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature
Strategy & Risks












Snapshot


Fund Type:


		
			
			
				Equity
			
		
		





			
				
				
					Portfolio Manager/Sub-Investment Adviser:
				
			
		

		
		
		
			
				
				
					
					
					
						
						
						
						
								
									Fayez Sarofim & Co.                     
								
								
								
								
							
						
					
				
			
		
		


Inception Date
July 15, 1993


Total Assets
Class A (as of 07/27/17): $427,379,952.70
Portfolio (as of 07/27/17): $646,717,170.13


Minimum Initial Investment

			  
			    
			    	
			    		
			    		
			    			$1,000
			    		
			    	
			    
			    
			    
			  
			      


Minimum Subsequent Investment

			    
			      
			        $100
			      
			      
			    
			      


Dividend Schedule
Declared Quarterly (5, 8, 11, 12),
				
						Distributed Quarterly (5, 8, 11, 12),
				
				Paid Quarterly (5, 8, 11, 12)


Fiscal Year End
Oct 31


Fund Status
Open to new investors.





	Performance
	
	




	




		
			
			
				
				
						
				
					
					
						
					
				
				
				
				
					
					
						
							
							
								
							
							
									
						
					
				
				
			
		
		
		 1



Average Annual Total Returns
as of 06/30/17


Quarter-End
Month-End








1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR
SinceInception
InceptionDate



at NAV

18.02%
5.90%
9.83%
5.83%
8.51%
07/15/93


with Sales Charge
				Max Sales Charge: 
    			5.75% 
    			Front-End



11.24%
3.83%
8.54%
5.21%
8.24%
 



Return After Taxes on Distributions 2


9.25%
 
7.40%
4.43%
 
 


Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sales of Fund Shares 3


7.65%
 
6.57%
4.07%
 
 




				MSCI World Index                                                                                     4



18.20%
5.24%
11.38%
3.97%
 
 





The performance data quoted represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Share price and investment return fluctuate and an investor's shares may be worth more or less than original cost upon redemption. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Please use the pulldown menu above to view month-end performance.

After-tax returns are calculated using the highest historical individual federal marginal income tax rates, and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor's tax situation and may differ from those shown here and are not relevant to investors who hold their fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts. A fund's past performance, both before and after taxes, is not indicative of its future performance. For funds which offer more than one class of shares, after-tax returns are shown for only one share class and after-tax returns for other share classes will vary. 





		Morningstar Rating
		
		
			
		
		 5

Overall Rating: 

		
			
		
		Morningstar Overall Rating™ for Class A shares among  714 funds in the  World Large Stock                                            category as of 06/30/17. Ratings reflect risk-adjusted performance, and are derived from a weighted average of the fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (as applicable) ratings.
		
	    	
	    	    As of 06/30/17 the fund received  4,  3, and  5 stars for the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods out of  714,  590 and  329 funds in the category. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.	  
		    
		        
		    
		
		
			Other share classes may have different ratings.
		
		




	Daily Statistics
	
	



Price
				as of 07/27/17

$56.28



Change


					
					
				 
				-0.03		
			


12 Month High(07/20/17)
$56.57


12 Month Low(12/30/16)
$47.82




Prospectus Fee Table Expense Ratios


Total Expenses

							1.19%
					




Dreyfus Investment Style 6



Objective/Approach
The fund seeks long-term capital appreciation consistent with the preservation of capital; current income is a secondary goal. 
					
					
						
			
			
			
		
	
		
			
			
				
			
			
		
	
	
	View the Strategy & Risks section for this fund for more information.




Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses of the fund carefully before investing. Download a prospectus, or a summary prospectus, if available, that contains this and other information about the fund, and read it carefully before investing.

Notes & Disclosures
 Performance is historical and not indicative of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate and an investor will receive more or less than the original cost upon redemption. Investors should consider, when deciding whether to purchase a particular class of shares, the investment amount, anticipated holding period and other relevant factors, and should read the prospectus carefully.Pre-liquidation, after-tax returns assume an investor held shares throughout the measurement period(s) and reflect the effect of taxable distributions (assuming reinvestment in the fund) by a fund to its shareholders.Post-liquidation, after-tax returns assume an investor sold shares at the end of the measurement period(s) and, therefore, reflect the effect of both taxable distributions and any taxable gain or loss realized by the shareholder upon sale of fund shares.Source: Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The MSCI World Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization-weighted index that is designed to measure the equity market performance of developed markets.The Ratings formula measures the amount of variation in a fund's performance and gives more emphasis to downward variations. The top 10% of the funds in the category receive five stars; the next 22.5% four stars; the next 35% three stars; the next 22.5% two stars; and the last 10% one star.  Ratings reflect sales loads.The fund represents a single portfolio with multiple share classes that have different expense structures.The "Dreyfus Investment Style Classification" graphically depicts the fund's investment strategy as described in its Prospectus. The horizontal and vertical axes describe the fund's investment style and market capitalization range for stocks in the fund's portfolio, respectively. It is designed to support asset allocation decisions and not to depict actual fund holdings at a point in time. 






Prospectus [pdf]


Fact Sheet [pdf]





Where Dreyfus Funds Can Be Sold







			 Contact us at 1-800-DREYFUS/1-800-373-9387	   Privacy Policy Terms of Use Policies and Information   © 2017 MBSC Securities Corporation, distributor, 225 Liberty St, 19th Fl., New York, NY 10281.











Choose a date range








Quick Links


Previous 6 Months


Previous 3 Months
Previous Month


















 


 