






Ernst & Young - Richard Wright Cpa in Memphis, TN | 6410 Poplar Ave, Ste 500, Memphis, TN






< Back to previousErnst & Young - Richard Wright Cpa(0){{slogan}}6410 Poplar Ave, Ste 500Memphis, TN 38119{{yextOffer}}{{yextOffer}} {{phone[0]}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}} Add Photo Add PhotoAdd PhotoAdd Photo Website Email BusinessView MenuOrder NowBook a Reservation{{hotel_tag}}{{flowers_tag}}{{cars_tag}}{{circular_flyer_tag}}Buy a Gift Certificate{{rest_res_tag}}{{rest_profile_tag}}{{coupon_flyer_tag}}View yellow pages ad {{y}}{{ad.display_text}}{{r.review_text}}...ReviewsPhotosCouponsDetails{{phone[0]}}Powered by  Get DirectionsMore {{rank1catcity}}{{a.name}}({{a.rating.count}}){{a.slogan}}{{a.address}}  View More {{rank1cat}}Are You The Business Owner? Claim your free business listing on Superpages.com  and add important information about your business online. The more reviews and additional information you provide about your business, the easier it will be for customers to find you online.Claim This BusinessREVIEWSWrite a Review  My Ratings & Reviews Write a ReviewBusiness Owner Response,{{review_date(r.date)}}{{r.text.substr(0, 235)}}{{r.text.substr(235)}}... More Less{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}},{{review_date(r.date)}} Superpages.com EmployeeProvided by Citysearch.comProvided by Citysearch.com{{r.text.substr(0, 1000)}}{{r.text.substr(1000)}}... More LessWas this review helpful?Yes({{r.helpful_yes}})No({{r.helpful_total - r.helpful_yes}})|Business Owner Reply|Flag AbuseShowing {{pager.showingStart}}- {{pager.showingEnd}} of {{pager.showingTotal}} reviewsFirstPrev{{n}}NextLastPHOTOSView All Photos Add Photo Add PhotoVIDEOCOUPONS{{coupon.title}}Expires: {{coupon.expires}}DETAILSSuggest and UpdateDo you own this business?Ernst & Young is one of the leading global companies that offers assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services. Established in 1989, the company has a work force of more than 130,000 employees and provides a range of business, indirect, international and transaction tax services. It offers capital management services that include assessing cash flow, developing tax-efficient financial strategies and corporate restructuring. Ernst & Young provides consulting services related to private equity financing, capital sourcing and personal tax planning. It also offers advice and assistance to clients in matters concerning risk and control framework assessment, improving business processes and performance, fraud investigation and regulatory compliance. The company serves clients in the automotive, insurance, consumer product, pharmaceutical, mining, oil and gas, and media and entertainment sectors. It additionally supports several charitable and nonprofit organizations. Ernst & Young maintains an office in Memphis, Tenn.... Read more LessMessage from {{profile.name}}... Read more LessProvided by CitySearchThis business is a Superpages advertiser.SocialCategories{{c.name}}, {{c.name}}, Additional Contacts{{phone}}Alt{{phone}}Fax{{phone}}FreeAddress InfoInternational Pl II... MoreInternational Pl II LessHoursMon-Fri: 09:00 AM-05:00 PM Sat-Sun: ClosedSpecialtiesCertified Public Accounting... MoreCertified Public Accounting LessWebsiteView Menu More DetailsThe person icon  Employee Image indicates that the reviewer is an employee of Dex Media, Inc. Dex Media operates and sells advertising on Superpages.com. The views expressed in reviews are the opinion of each respective reviewer and do not necessarily reflect the view of Dex Media.Data provided by one or more of the following: Dex Media, Acxiom, Infogroup, Yext, Pingup.





William C Drummond - Atlantic Highlands, NJ | Intelius



























Sign In



We found William C Drummond in Atlantic Highlands, NJ


William C Drummond

                                                                           Intelius found that William C Drummond  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Atlantic Highlands, NJ.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Wm  Drummond


Get Report Now

Age

William C Drummond is in his 70s

William Has Lived In

Atlantic Highlands, NJ
Rumson, NJ
Astoria, NY

William's Relatives

Sue Drummond
Nicole Albrecht
Leslie Drummond
Suzanne Drummond







William C Drummond



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about William? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about William, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on William C Drummond
Get a Criminal Check on William C Drummond
Get a Public Record Report on William C Drummond
Get a People Search Report on William C Drummond


William C Drummond's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where William C Drummond has lived as well as William C Drummond's phone numbers and email addresses.




William C Drummond Has Lived in 2 States
New Jersey Address for William C Drummond


252 N******* A** 

Atlantic Highlands, NJ


Has Lived In

Atlantic Highlands, NJ
Rumson, NJ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with William C Drummond

(732) ***-**** - Lincroft, NJ 
() ***-**** - Atlantic Highlands, NJ 
(732) ***-**** - Atlantic Highlands, NJ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with William C Drummond

b******8@***.net
b******8@***.com


Get Email Report




William C Drummond's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for William C Drummond


William C Drummond's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of William C Drummond's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
William Drummond
Username Matches

                  WilliamDrummond
                  DrummondWilliam
                  William.Drummond
                  Drummond.William
                  William_Drummond
                  Drummond_William
                  William-Drummond
                  Drummond-William
                  WDrummond
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Drummond







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Insurance Brokers:  Compare & Review























































		Insurance Brokers
				


COMPARE PROVIDERS
|
COMMUNITY DISCUSSION


								Rate an insurance broker you’ve done business with or browse our directory of more than 349,642 insurance agents from around the country. You can use the filters below to sort insurance professionals based on their proximity as well as the types of policies they offer. When you find a broker you’d like to speak with or learn more about, you can get in touch using the contact information provided on their profile.
						

Filter Cards





Disable Filters






Insurance Types




Annuities





Business





Car





Disability





Flood





Health







 




Home





Life





Long-term Care





Renters





Travel


…more types





My Location








reset







I am looking for an




Insurance Agent or Broker





Insurance Company





Insurance Agency







Name








reset


























			More Insurance Types
		



 Boat


 Credit


 ID Theft


 Legal Insurance


 Motorcycle


 Personal Articles


 Professional Liability


 Title


 Umbrella

















Ad Disclosure













Recommend this page:





Tweet








Information on this page is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for any other purpose or advice. In addition, this information does not originate from us and thus, we do not guarantee its accuracy.
You can check the profile page of each professional or company to determine whether they are a paying advertiser (indicated by the word "sponsored"). Regardless of advertiser status, none of the listings, reviews, or other information on WalletHub constitutes, in any way, a referral or endorsement by us of the respective financial company or professional, or vice versa. Furthermore, it is important to note that the inclusion of a financial company or professional on WalletHub does not necessarily indicate their involvement with the site or control over the information that we display. Information is displayed first and foremost for the benefit of consumers.










Contact


share / save




(7)




Jonna Suzanne Wooten






Company State Farm



Description

					I have been affiliated with State Farm since 1990 starting out in Hickory, NC as an auto claims representative. My career initially involved property damage auto claims. I then moved to property … more




Policies Annuities,  Car,  Health,  Home,  Life,  Long-term Care,  Motorcycle,  Renters

Telephone 703-560-7804 









Contact


share / save




(2)




Lynn L. Heinrichs






Company State Farm



Description

					Lynn Heinrichs' background and achievements:
• Strayer College/BSBA/Valedictorian
• State Farm Experience since 1986
• National Association of Insurance & Financial Advisors
• Continuing Education Insurance Instructor/Virginia
• National Quality Award
• National Multiline Sales Award
• McLean Virginia … more




Policies Annuities,  Car,  Health,  Home,  Life,  Renters

Telephone 703-827-0377 









Contact


share / save




(2)




Douglas James White






Company Allstate



Description

					As a Personal Financial Representative in VIENNA, I know many local families. My knowledge and understanding of the people in this community help me provide customers with an outstanding level of service. … more




Policies Annuities,  Boat,  Business,  Car,  Health,  Home,  Life,  Motorcycle,  Renters

Telephone 703-848-1800 









Contact


share / save




(1)




Matthew Michael Hamrock






Company Hamrock Insurance Services



Description

					Matthew Hamrock is an insurance agent, president of Hamrock Insurance Services, operating out of their Aliso Viejo, CA office.

He currently maintains active appointments with several insurance companies: Aviva Life And Annuity Company, … more




Policies Annuities,  Business,  Health,  Life,  Long-term Care

Telephone 949-716-7912 









Contact


share / save




(1)




Eric John Burke






Company Allstate



Description

					As a Personal Financial Representative in Fairfax and the surrounding area , I know many local families. My knowledge and understanding of the people in this community help me provide customers with … more




Policies Annuities,  Boat,  Business,  Car,  Health,  Home,  Life,  Motorcycle,  Renters

Telephone 703-204-2600 









Contact


share / save




(1)




Corey B. Hinson






Company Allstate



Description

					I’ve been with Allstate for over 15 years and have worn many hats in the company. My tenure and experience has allowed me to not only understand the ins-and-outs of insurance, but … more




Policies Annuities,  Business,  Car,  Health,  Home,  Life,  Long-term Care,  Motorcycle,  Renters

Telephone 803-329-4100 









Contact


share / save








Francisco Ramirez






Company InsuringMyself.com LLC



Description

					Francisco is the founder of InsuringMyself.com LLC. This insurance agency is designed to connect clients with top-notch independent agents in their local area. Francisco knows that people have a wide variety of … more




Policies Annuities,  Business,  Disability,  Health,  Life,  Long-term Care

Telephone 847-668-9194 









Contact


share / save








Maxine E. Collin






Company BenefitPlace.biz



Description

					My Companies and I deliver cost-effective, efficient Strategies, Solutions, and Inbound Marketing to the Insurance and Benefits Industries!

In 1986 I entered the Insurance, Benefits, and Financial Services industries by partnering with Philip … more




Policies Annuities,  Boat,  Business,  Disability,  Health,  ID Theft,  Legal Insurance,  Life,  Long-term Care,  Professional Liability,  Travel,  Umbrella

Telephone 216-577-5579 













share / save 

Lethia Minor







Description

					Lethia Minor is a licensed insurance agent representing Farmers Insurance based in Fredericksburg, VA. Serving the entire State of Virginia, Lethia provides personalized insurance solutions for home, auto, life and business. Her … more




Policies Annuities,  Boat,  Business,  Car,  Health,  Home,  Life,  Motorcycle,  Personal Articles,  Professional Liability,  Renters,  Umbrella

Telephone 540-412-6847 









Contact


share / save








Brad Mckenzie Blaisdell






Company Prudential Insurance



Description

					As a Manager, Financial Services with Prudential, I can provide assistance on a range of financial issues - from evaluating insurance needs to helping clients meet their financial needs. I have experience … more




Policies Annuities,  Business,  Credit,  Disability,  Health,  Home,  Life,  Long-term Care,  Travel

Telephone 703-245-5010 








Show More Insurance Providers











							COMMUNITY DISCUSSION
					



Help others find the best insurance brokers by sharing what your deciding factor was when choosing your insurance broker






Submit
















GET YOUR FREE CREDIT SCORE & REPORT 

Join WalletHub
+ 100% FREE
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

SIGN UP FOR FREE
No credit card needed

























Write or Find Wallet Hub Reviews



















 


































 
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews



















Latest Reviews

All Financial Companies & Professionals
Banks
Attorneys
Financial Advisors
Insurance Companies
Insurance Broker
Mortgage Companies
Mortgage Brokers












Popular Companies

































































































































































 











GET YOUR FREE CREDIT SCORE & REPORT 

Join WalletHub
+ 100% FREE
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

SIGN UP FOR FREE
No credit card needed










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












































William C. Drummond v. United States of America, Alphonse Vincent Castaldi v. United States, 350 F.2d 983 – CourtListener.com














Toggle navigation













About
FAQ
Tour

Donate


Sign in / Register




From Free Law Project, a 501(c)(3) non-profit.









Opinions


RECAP Archive


Oral Arguments


Judges


Visualizations 



Gallery


SCOTUS Networks


New Network




Donate










Your Notes

                    (edit)
                     


                    (none)
                




Cited By (74) 




This case has been cited by these opinions:


Ralph Leroy Klingler v. United States (1969)


Crosswhite v. State (1968)


Helen Frances Sutton Root v. Isabel H. Gauper (1971)


United States v. William Harry Brink (1994)


Commonwealth v. Connolly (1970)




                        View All Citing Opinions
                    



Authorities (35)
This opinion cites:



                                Carroll v. United States, 267 U.S. 132 (1925)
                            



                                Jones v. United States, 362 U.S. 257 (1960)
                            



                                United States v. Ventresca, 380 U.S. 102 (1965)
                            



                                Draper v. United States, 358 U.S. 307 (1959)
                            



                                United States v. Rabinowitz, 339 U.S. 56 (1950)
                            




                        View All Authorities
                    



Share



 
        

 
        

 

        





Support FLP 

            CourtListener is a project of Free
            Law Project, a federally-recognized 501(c)(3) non-profit. We
            rely on donations for our financial security.
        
Please support our work with a donation.

Donate Now





William C. Drummond v. United States of America, Alphonse Vincent Castaldi v. United States, 350 F.2d 983 (8th Cir. 1965)





                        Sign in or register to save a favorite.
                    

(click to dismiss)



Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit

Filed:

                    September 29th, 1965
                    
                


Precedential Status:

                    Precedential
                


Citations:

                    350 F.2d 983
                


Docket Number:

                    17885_1
                






350 F.2d 983
William C. DRUMMOND, Appellant,v.UNITED STATES of America, Appellee.Alphonse Vincent CASTALDI, Appellant,v.UNITED STATES of America, Appellee.
No. 17875.
No. 17885.
United States Court of Appeals Eighth Circuit.
September 29, 1965.

Harry Gershenson, Jr., St. Louis, Mo. (court-appointed), for appellants.
Robert J. Koster, Asst. U. S. Atty., St. Louis, Mo., for appellee.
Before VAN OOSTERHOUT, BLACKMUN, and MEHAFFY, Circuit Judges.
BLACKMUN, Circuit Judge.


1
We are confronted here primarily with search and seizure issues.


2
A 3-count indictment returned against William C. Drummond and Alphonse Vincent Castaldi charged both of them, in its first count, with a violation in May 1964 of 18 U.S.C. §§ 471 and 2 (counter-feiting a $20 federal reserve note); charged Drummond alone, in its second count, with a violation of 18 U.S.C. § 474 (making a plate in the likeness of the note); and charged both, in the third count, with a violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371 (conspiracy, together with J. P. Long, Jr., to commit a counterfeit offense).


3
The defendants entered pleas of not guilty. They were tried together. The jury found Drummond guilty as charged in all three counts. It found Castaldi guilty only of the conspiracy charge in the third count and acquitted him of the substantive charge in the first count. Judge Meredith gave Drummond concurrent sentences of ten years on the first two counts and of five years on the third count. He gave Castaldi a sentence of five years on the conspiracy count. The defendants appeal separately in forma pauperis.


4
Each defendant was represented at the trial by his own court-appointed attorney. Trial counsel were given leave by the district court to withdraw after notice of appeal had been filed. Both Drummond and Castaldi are represented here by one attorney appointed by this court.


5
The issues before us concern (a) the standing of the two defendants to assert that searches of Long's automobile and of his home and garage were unreasonable and thus violative of the Fourth Amendment; (b) the admission of evidence seized at these searches; (c) the trial court's failure to instruct the jury about a prior conviction of Castaldi; and (d) the court's rejection of Castaldi's suggestion for rehabilitation testimony.


6
Long was the prosecution's principal witness. He had been charged separately in connection with the counterfeiting and had pleaded guilty. He was brought back from the penitentiary to appear. He testified as follows:


7
In 1964 he owned and operated some taxicabs in Saint Louis County, Missouri. Drummond was working for him as a parttime driver. On March 1 Castaldi asked Long for work but Long did not employ him. He again encountered Castaldi in a restaurant in mid-March. During this conversation Long expressed concern about his being unable to use the garage at the rear of his residence at 6928 Plymouth, University City, because he could not get his Thunderbird convertible into it. About a week later, during still another conversation between the two men, Castaldi asked Long whether he might rent the garage. Long proposed, as he recalled, a rental of $15 a month. Castaldi paid him "for three months". This arrangement was oral. Nothing was said as to Castaldi's anticipated use of the garage.


8
In mid-April Long had occasion to burn trash in his incinerator which stood next to the garage. He noticed on the side door a padlock which had not been there before. He looked in the window. He was able to see "some machinery of some kind that was partially covered". He met Castaldi that night and asked him what he had in the garage. Castaldi told him that it was a borrowed press with which he intended to print pornographic material. Long did not protest. At this time he gave Castaldi a key to the house because the switch for the garage was in the kitchen and electricity was needed to operate the press.


9
One night in early May Long returned home earlier than usual and found Drummond and a Negro called Jess photographing a $20 bill in his bedroom. Long then realized what was going on and "was a little unhappy about it". Drummond talked with him about taking part in the operation. Long at first assented, then hesitated, and, at a later meeting with both defendants, agreed to participate and to acquire a better camera for them. Castaldi told him that he would be repaid for the camera's cost and would receive $5,000 in good money and $3,000 in counterfeit. Long rented a camera on Monday, May 18.


10
The next evening Drummond and Jess used the new camera to photograph the bill and performed other steps in the preparation of plates for its counterfeiting. Castaldi was present in the house during that week. Drummond did the printing. Long and Drummond covered the windows and door of the garage with masonite. On Thursday and Friday Long mowed the lawn in order to drown the noise of the press. On Friday printed notes were taken into the house, sorted and trimmed. Castaldi assisted in the trimming. Long took his $3,000 worth and left. He gave these bills to William Mackey to take out of town to pass. Long did not return to his house that night.


11
He did return Saturday morning. He found a stack of bills still there. On Sunday, May 24, he received a call from Mackey. Long trimmed 26 of the bills and put them in his pocket. He placed others, untrimmed, in the trunk of his automobile and went to meet Mackey at a Saint Louis restaurant.


12
Testimony from the arresting agents and from Long produced the following: Unknown to Long, Mackey had been arrested on Saturday in Springfield, Illinois, first by the local police when he attempted to pass some of the counterfeit notes, and then by a secret service officer. Mackey named Long as his source of supply. Mackey also informed the arresting agent that Long's Thunderbird, which he described, had been used to bring the counterfeit notes to him the day before in Saint Louis.


13
When Long met Mackey on Sunday at the Saint Louis restaurant secret service agents were present. They had arranged with Mackey that he should signal them if Long had counterfeit in his possession. The signal was given. The agents placed Long under arrest in the restaurant, searched his person, and found the 26 counterfeit $20 bills. These were seized. Long's automobile was outside on the restaurant's parking lot. It was seized. The search of its trunk produced 687 untrimmed counterfeit bills.


14
Upon his arrest Long gave the agents a key to his home. The agents, with Long, went to the house. This was within a half hour of the arrest. They entered the house and there found and seized the camera and other items used in the counterfeiting process. They then went to the garage. Long had a key for its padlock. He produced it and opened the lock and they entered. That search led to the printing press, inks, chemicals, and partial reproductions of $20 notes scattered about the floor.


15
No warrant had been issued to search either the automobile, the house or the garage.


16
Witnesses testified as to having seen Drummond and Castaldi around Long's premises preceding the arrest of Long and the seizures there. There was fingerprint identification of Drummond upon materials used in the counterfeiting operation but none of Castaldi.


17
Outside the presence of the jury Long testified, under questioning by the defense, that he had not rented any part of the house to Castaldi; that the arresting agents did not show him any arrest warrant but only said they had one; that he was not shown a warrant for the search of the car; and that "I was asked at that time if I would sign — I believe they called it a waiver — and I did sign something, I don't know what". Upon inquiry by the court he said that he did not recall whether the agents asked his permission to search his automobile; that he did sign a waiver permitting the search of his house; that this was "in the back seat of their car there on the parking lot. They told me I could make it hard on them and make them wait until Monday when they could normally get a warrant or I could sign the waiver"; and that they searched the car before they went to the house.


18
The paper which Long signed and which was designated at the trial as Court's Exhibit 1, reads:


19
                                  "St. Louis Mo.
                                  2-24-64
                                  1.30 pm


20
"My name is J. P. Long and I live at 6928 Plymouth, University City, St. Louis County, Missouri.


21
"I have been arrested for counterfeiting by the Secret Service. I know that they must have a search warrant to search my residence at 6928 Plymouth unless I waive that need and invite them to so search for counterfeits and equipment.


22
"I invite the Secret Service to search my residence at 6928 Plymouth, and I waive the need for a search warrant. This is entirely voluntary on my part.


23
"Witnesses


24
Geo Stigall
Fred H. Backstrom
Winston J. Gentz                            /s/ J. P. Long, Jr."


25
The three witnesses were secret service agents.


26
Such was the government's case-in-chief. The only witnesses for the defense were the defendants themselves. Castaldi took the stand first. He testified that on the day before Long was arrested Long told him that he was leaving town and asked him to come to the house to drive a cab for him; that he went there but found no one home; that the next morning a cab driver told him Long had been arrested; that this was his first knowledge of Long's implication in criminal activity; that he, the witness, did not take part in any counterfeiting or conspiracy; that he did not rent the garage; that he knew Drummond as a relief driver; and that he made no plates or pictures of a bill.


27
Drummond testified that he had pleaded guilty to charges of three prior felonies; that he had had training and experience in lithography; that he drove a cab for Long; that Long asked that he teach him how to operate a printing press; that Long told him he was going into business and a press was coming; that he rented a truck for Long to get the press; that he bought printing supplies and rented a camera; that he understood Long wanted to print letterheads; that he showed Long how the press worked; that he did not know a man by the name of Jess; that he had boarded up the garage where glass had been broken; that he heard of Long's arrest at one of the cab stands; that he left Saint Louis in June and went to Las Vegas; that there he learned from his mother that authorities were looking for him; that he called the local sheriff and told him where he was; that four days later he was arrested and returned to Saint Louis; and that he regarded the counterfeit bills as poor work.


28
In rebuttal a Saint Louis man for whom Drummond worked in early 1964 testified that Drummond told him he knew a Negro photographer named Jess who would be able to take pictures of the kind the employer wanted.


29
A. The searches and seizures. Long's arrest, the search of his person at the time of his arrest, the seizure of the counterfeit bills then in his pockets, and the bills' admission in evidence are not challenged here. The defense attack, instead, is upon the warrantless searches of Long's automobile (which produced additional counterfeit bills), his house and his garage, upon the seizure of the items discovered in the three searches, and upon the admission of those items in evidence. In its turn the government strongly questions Drummond's and Castaldi's standing, under Fed.R.Crim.P. 41(e), to raise the constitutional issue of unreasonableness of the searches and seizures.


30
We conclude that we need not decide the issue of standing or discuss the implications of Jones v. United States, 362 U.S. 257, 260-267, 80 S. Ct. 725, 4 L. Ed. 2d 697 (1960), as applied to the facts of this case. We do so because we feel that, in any event, each of the three searches and consequent seizures met the Fourth Amendment test of reasonableness. We consider the searches in the order in which they occurred:


31
1. Long's automobile. Long's arrest in the Saint Louis restaurant was pursuant to an outstanding warrant. That arrest and the search of his person were lawful, United States v. Rabinowitz, 339 U.S. 56, 60, 70 S. Ct. 430, 94 L. Ed. 653 (1950), and, as we have noted, are so conceded by the defense. His automobile, although naturally not inside the restaurant with him at the time of the arrest, was parked immediately outside on the restaurant's lot. Mackey had described the Thunderbird to the secret service agents and had told them the day before that Long had used it to bring counterfeit bills to him. The car met the description. If the car was searched forthwith, as Long's testimony indicated, the search would appear to have been incident to a lawful arrest and, therefore, a reasonable one. See Carroll v. United States, 267 U.S. 132, 158, 45 S. Ct. 280, 69 L. Ed. 543 (1925); Agnello v. United States, 269 U.S. 20, 30, 46 S. Ct. 4, 70 L. Ed. 145 (1925); Stoner v. State of California, 376 U.S. 483, 486, 84 S. Ct. 889, 11 L. Ed. 2d 856 (1964); Haas v. United States, 344 F.2d 56, 59-60 (8 Cir. 1965); Feguer v. United States, 302 F.2d 214, 248 (8 Cir. 1962), cert. denied 371 U.S. 872, 83 S. Ct. 123, 9 L. Ed. 2d 110.


32
An agent, however, testified that they seized the car and had it removed to the Saint Louis Federal Building and searched there. The seizure was made under the authority of 49 U.S.C. §§ 781-783. These statutes declare the transportation of any contraband article in a vehicle to be unlawful, define "contraband article" to include a counterfeit obligation of the United States and, with exceptions not pertinent here, call for the seizure and forfeiture of any vehicle which has been used in carrying contraband. Mackey's attempt to pass counterfeit bills in Springfield the preceding day, his federal arrest, his statements to the arresting agents that Long was the source of his counterfeit supply, his description of Long's automobile and of its use for delivering counterfeit, Long's arrest in Saint Louis with counterfeit on his person, and the presence of the described Thunderbird on the restaurant's lot provided the agents with probable cause (despite the fact that some of this foundation material was hearsay, see Jones v. United States, supra, p. 269 of 362 U.S., 80 S. Ct. 725; Draper v. United States, 358 U.S. 307, 311-312, 79 S. Ct. 329, 3 L. Ed. 2d 327 (1959); United States v. Ventresca, 380 U.S. 102, 108, 85 S. Ct. 741, 13 L. Ed. 2d 684 (1965)) to conclude that this automobile had been used to transport counterfeit bills of the United States, and provided the basis and, indeed, the duty for the agents to exercise their seizure authority under the statutes. If the agent's version is to be accepted, the car's search following the seizure, when it had remained in continuous and proper government custody, was not an unreasonable one within the prohibition of the Fourth Amendment. Sirimarco v. United States, 315 F.2d 699, 701 (10 Cir. 1963), cert. denied 374 U.S. 807, 83 S. Ct. 1696, 10 L. Ed. 2d 1032 (a weaker case, factually, than the present one); Burge v. United States, 342 F.2d 408, 414 (9 Cir. 1965), cert. denied, 86 S. Ct. 63 (where the dissenting judge as is disclosed by the court's first opinion, Burge v. United States, 333 F.2d 210, 219 (9 Cir. 1964), did not disagree on this issue). See Ted's Motors, Inc. v. United States, 217 F.2d 777, 780 (8 Cir. 1954). Because of the presence of the seizure statutes and the agents' action pursuant thereto, the case is factually distinguishable from Preston v. United States, 376 U.S. 364, 84 S. Ct. 881, 11 L. Ed. 2d 777 (1964).


33
The counterfeit bills found in the automobile, although no more than cumulative material anyway, were properly admitted in evidence against Drummond and Castaldi.


34
2. Long's home. The protection afforded by the Fourth Amendment with respect to a search of one's house may, of course, be waived by a consent freely and intelligently given. Whether such consent exists is usually a question which is "simply one of fact for the trier's determination". Burge v. United States, 332 F.2d 171, 173 (8 Cir. 1964), cert. denied 379 U.S. 883, 85 S. Ct. 155, 13 L. Ed. 2d 89. If the finding is in the affirmative and is supported by substantial evidence, it is not our privilege on appeal to revise it. Maxwell v. Stephens, 348 F.2d 325, 336 (8 Cir. 1965); Burge v. United States, supra, p. 173 of 332 F. 2d; Burnside v. Nebraska, 346 F.2d 88, 90 (8 Cir. 1965).


35
The defense suggests that Long's execution of the written consent was involuntary in that it was signed in the back seat of the car at the time of his arrest, in that it was prepared by the arresting agents, and in that Long did not know what he was signing. See Weed v. United States, 340 F.2d 827, 829 (10 Cir. 1965). Judge Meredith's implicit finding, however, that Long did consent and that his consent was freely and intelligently given finds adequate support in this record. There were no drawn guns as in the Weed case. Long not only consented orally but executed the written waiver. He conceded, upon questioning by the court, that he was aware that what he signed was a waiver permitting the search. He was present when his house was entered. It was he who unlocked the door with his own key. He was and has been cooperative with the agents. And at no time has he claimed that his consent was not voluntary. See Roberts v. United States, 332 F.2d 892, 897 (8 Cir. 1964), cert. denied 380 U.S. 980, 85 S. Ct. 1344, 14 L. Ed. 2d 274.


36
If it be suggested that, because Long had given Castaldi a key to the house and Drummond and Castaldi were present in the house during some of the counterfeit operations, a joint possession and rights in the premises emerged, Long's consent still was sufficient to validate the search. One having equal authority over premises may authorize a search of them. We have so held in Roberts v. United States, supra, pp. 896-897 of 332 F.2d, and in Maxwell v. Stephens, supra, pp. 336-337 of 348 F.2d See Burge v. United States, supra, p. 413 of 342 F.2d; Teasley v. United States, 292 F.2d 460, 464 (9 Cir. 1961); United States v. Sferas, 210 F.2d 69, 74 (7 Cir. 1954), cert. denied 347 U.S. 935, 74 S. Ct. 630, 98 L. Ed. 1086.


37
Items seized at the Long house were therefore properly admitted in evidence against Drummond and Castaldi.


38
3. Long's garage. If no landlord-tenant relationship existed between Long and Castaldi with respect to the garage, we would readily conclude that the entry and search of the garage, as that of the house, was with Long's oral consent and that Judge Meredith's finding that this consent was voluntary is also adequately supported by the record. Long was the owner. A consent by him made the search a reasonable one. There are even "garage" and outbuilding cases to this effect. Von Eichelberger v. United States, 252 F.2d 184, 186 (9 Cir. 1958); Cutting v. United States, 169 F.2d 951, 952 (9 Cir. 1948). Further, despite the fact that Court's Exhibit 1 referred only to "my residence" and made no specific mention of the garage, we would conclude that this written consent had application to the garage as well as to the house itself. It was an ordinary type of garage outbuilding in a small back yard. If it is subject to Fourth Amendment protection as part of the "house" or curtilage, United States v. Mullin, 329 F.2d 295, 298 (4 Cir. 1964); Temperani v. United States, 299 F. 365, 367 (9 Cir. 1924); see Care v. United States, 231 F.2d 22, 25 (10 Cir. 1964), cert. denied 351 U.S. 932, 76 S. Ct. 788, 100 L. Ed. 1461, and Taylor v. United States, 286 U.S. 1, 5-6, 52 S. Ct. 466, 76 L. Ed. 951 (1932); compare Carney v. United States, 163 F.2d 784, 786 (9 Cir. 1947), cert. denied 332 U.S. 824, 68 S. Ct. 165, 92 L. Ed. 400, it should be equally subject to the effect of a consent to entry and search of one's "residence".


39
But Long testified — and he was a government witness — that Castaldi approached him about renting his garage; that he acquiesced and specified a monthly rental; and that Castaldi paid him an amount sufficient for three months. This suggests the existence of a lease at the time the garage was entered and searched. It appears now to be well settled that, in the absence of abandonment, a landlord's or hotel's consent to search leased premises is not effective as against the tenant or guest. Stoner v. State of California, supra, 376 U.S. 483, 487-490, 84 S. Ct. 889, 11 L. Ed. 2d 856 (1964); Chapman v. United States, 365 U.S. 610, 616-617, 81 S. Ct. 776, 5 L. Ed. 2d 828 (1961); United States v. Jeffers, 342 U.S. 48, 51-52, 72 S. Ct. 93, 96 L. Ed. 59 (1951); Lustig v. United States, 338 U.S. 74, 76, 69 S. Ct. 1372, 93 L. Ed. 1819 (1949). See Abel v. United States, 362 U.S. 217, 240-241, 80 S. Ct. 683, 4 L. Ed. 2d 668 (1960), and Jones v. United States, supra, pp. 260-267 of 362 U.S., pp. 730-734 of 80 S.Ct.


40
As we see it, however, the situation here is not so simply to be analyzed. Whatever may have been contemplated and effected by Long and Castaldi in late March when money apparently passed from one to the other, that factual situation was colored and changed by subsequent events. By May Long had become a participant in the counterfeiting venture. He helped to board up the garage. He mowed. He was present and assisted in the operations in the house. He gave Castaldi a key to his home and he himself acquired a key to the padlock on the garage door. Along with Drummond he was in and out of the garage. Castaldi thus no longer enjoyed any exclusive occupancy. It is too much to expect us to hold on these facts that a lease gave rise to rights in Castaldi as a tenant to protest Long's consent to the search of the garage. Such a holding is rendered even less tenable, so far as Castaldi is concerned, because of his emphatic denial that he rented the garage at all. Although the facts this time are in the reverse, the Supreme Court's refusal to be governed by the "subtle distinctions" of property law, Jones v. United States, supra, p. 266 of 362 U.S., p. 733 of 80 S.Ct. seems applicable here. The situation certainly is to be viewed realistically and, when so viewed, it discloses, at the time of the garage's search, not a leasehold arrangement but a joint enterprise in which Long was a participant. His consent, therefore, makes applicable to the garage the equal authority cases which have been cited above.


41
Items seized in the garage were thus properly admitted in evidence against Drummond and Castaldi.


42
B. Castaldi's prior convictions. On direct examination Castaldi testified that in 1960 he had pleaded guilty to a Missouri charge of receiving stolen property. On cross-examination he was asked whether he had been convicted since that time. He answered in the negative. He was then asked, "Have you been convicted * * * in Washington County, in Potosi, Missouri?" Before he answered, counsel, on a defense request, conferred at the bench, out of the jury's hearing. The record is silent as to what occurred at that conference. Thereafter nothing more was said by anyone about the Washington County matter and the cross-examination of the witness proceeded on another subject. The question was never formally withdrawn but there was no motion for a mistrial and no request by the defense that the jury be appropriately instructed.


43
We now understand that Castaldi in fact was convicted in the Circuit Court of Washington County, Missouri, of tampering with a motor vehicle, but that the Supreme Court of Missouri reversed this conviction on February 8, 1965, and ordered the defendant discharged. State v. Castaldi, 386 S.W.2d 392 (Mo.Sup. 1965). This reversal took place after the federal conviction here.


44
Castaldi now asserts that the trial court's failure to instruct the jury not to consider the Washington County conviction, as reflecting on his credibility or as indicating guilt, was error.


45
The question of the propriety of permitting cross-examination of a testifying defendant with respect to a conviction pending on appeal has been before this court recently. In Newman v. United States, 331 F.2d 968, 972-973 (8 Cir. 1964), cert. denied 379 U.S. 975, 85 S. Ct. 672, 13 L. Ed. 2d 566, we noted the existence of a conflict on the issue among the federal circuits and of a majority rule in the state courts approving the admission of evidence of a conviction pending appeal. We concluded, however, that the distinctive facts of that case disclosed no prejudice and made it unnecessary for us to decide the question generally. A like conclusion was reached on the facts in Edwards v. United States, 333 F.2d 588, 591-592 (8 Cir. 1964).


46
Schwab v. United States, 327 F.2d 11, 16-17 (8 Cir. 1964), concerned an analogous situation. There the defendant, on cross-examination, conceded four prior felony convictions. The prosecution asked about two others. The defendant denied these. The government did not follow through with proof of those two. We concluded that, although a credibility attack of this kind must rest upon conviction, rather than upon mere arrest, accusation or innuendo, the standard was one of essential unfairness and that, under the circumstances of that case too, no improper prejudice could possibly have resulted.


47
Similarly, we find no prejudicial error here. It would have been better had the question not been asked. But, although asked, it was not answered and no further comment about the conviction was made by anyone before the jury. Castaldi had conceded another state conviction in a recent year. The defense took no positive corrective step whatsoever. Both counsel and the court appear to have been undisturbed and unconcerned by the bare presence of the unanswered question. The defense was satisfied with preventing an answer. The incident, if it were error at all, was no more than harmless error which, under Fed.R.Crim.P. 52(a), we are to disregard.


48
C. The court's refusal of Castaldi's suggestion for a witness. Castaldi testified that he had been at Long's residence on May 24, the day of Long's arrest. There is no dispute as to this fact. On cross-examination he testified that he also had been at Long's home five or six times in the two months prior to May 24, and he denied that he had told a secret service agent that he had not been there during those two months. Agent Barton, called in rebuttal, stated that when he interviewed Castaldi the latter did deny having been at Long's home during that two month period. During cross-examination this agent's written report of that interview was, on demand, given to Castaldi's counsel. No request was made by the defense at that time to call any other witness.


49
After the jury had been charged and had retired, counsel for Castaldi made an "offer of proof" that the record reflect that police officer Weisbrod, who was or may have been present when Barton spoke to Castaldi, "could have corroborated" the defendant's story that he "did not deny being at Long's house on Sunday, May 24th". Castaldi claims error in the court's "rejection" of rehabilitation testimony from Weisbrod.


50
In the light of the entire record the point does not seem to us to be a very important one. In any event, it has no merit. Counsel's language was hardly in terms of a request and seems to be nothing more than a statement dictated into the record. Further, coming after the jury had retired, it was, presumptively, made too late and the court's failure to call the officer does not impress us as an abuse of discretion. See VI Wigmore, Evidence, § 1880 (3d ed. 1940). Finally, the "offer" was directed to Castaldi's presence only on May 24 and not at all to the two month period preceding that date. Barton's testimony concerned that preceding period. The court carefully pointed this out but the offer was not rephrased and the matter was dropped.


51
The record clearly reveals that Castaldi's trial counsel was vigorous and most ably protected his client. The point does not strike us as an appropriate plain error situation, under Fed.R.Crim.P. 52 (b), or as a denial of the compulsory process guaranty of the Sixth Amendment. See Feguer v. United States, supra, pp. 240-241 of 302 F.2d; Bandy v. United States, 296 F.2d 882, 887-891 (8 Cir. 1961), cert. denied 369 U.S. 831, 82 S. Ct. 849, 7 L. Ed. 2d 796.


52
We are grateful for the work performed by Harry Gershenson, Jr., of the Saint Louis Bar, as court-appointed appellate counsel for the two defendants.


53
Both judgments of conviction are affirmed.

















































William (Bill) C. Drummond, CPA - Our People - The Marston Group, PLC












































Client Login 
About Us


Our Expertise


Our Approach


Industries Served


Art at The Marston Group

Lewis Clark
Pinkney Herbert
William Logan
Zeinu Mudeser
Denise Rose
Jack Robinson
St. Blues
Ephraim Urevba
Art Wilson
Kathleen Shelton Williams





Our Services


Accounting & Assurance


Financial Advisory & Consulting

Litigation Support Services
Business Valuations
Financial Planning & Wealth Advisory Services
Family Office Services



Tax Planning & Compliance


White Papers

Final IRS Regulations Issued Affecting Business Taxpayers For the 2014 Year and Beyond





Our People

Recent News 
2016


February


May


August


October


December




2015


2014


2013


2012


2011


2010


2009


2008

Events 
Careers


Contact Us


Our Location




 











Client Login 




About UsOur ServicesOur PeopleRecent NewsEventsCareersContact Us 







Our People, Your Resources








Our People



William (Bill) C. Drummond, CPA




 
Members & Principals


Senior Managers & Managers


Senior & Staff Associates


Administration


Interns

 

 





William (Bill) C. Drummond, CPA

Principal 



Telephone901-761-3003 ext. 119"Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice. And moderation in the pursuit of justice is no virtue."–Barry Goldwater




Expertise Mr. Bill Drummond joined The Marston Group in 2013 following a distinguished career at the Memphis office of Ernst & Young LLP (EY) where he served as a partner since 1986.  Mr. Drummond brings a wealth of experience and acumen to the firm across the spectrum of business in the manufacturing, transportation, distribution, specialty pharma, commodities, agriculture and related industries.  Bill leads the Firm's Accounting and Assurance Practices, including the due diligence, quality of earnings and transactions practice. 
Past responsibilities at Ernst & Young included management of service and business relationships in Memphis and West Tennessee as the Office Managing Partner from 2005 until 2012; implementation and evaluation of internal controls under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; management of the Talent Deployment and Development process; and oversight of numerous SEC filings and initial public offerings, secondary offerings, debt offerings and merger/acquisition filings. Mr. Drummond continues to serve as an instructor for EY technical education courses, has served as engagement quality reviewer for many public audits and has participated in the Audit Quality Review for EY.
In August 2015, Bill became the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Jernigan Capital, Inc., a public company in Memphis, Tennessee, which makes debt equity investments in newly-constructed and existing self-storage facilities. In addition to his duties with Jernigan Capital, Bill continues to serve in his capacity as Principal with the Firm. 




Education 
Bachelor of Business Administration - The University of Mississippi
 




Professional Designations 
Certified Public Accountant (TN)
 




Professional Affiliations 
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA)
Tennessee Society of Certified Public Accountants (TSCPA)
 




Civic Affiliations 
United Way of the Mid-South - Past Treasurer
Patterson School of Accountancy of the University of Mississippi - Board Member
Church Health Center - Finance Committee Chairman
Junior Achievement - Past Treasurer
 















 




                                About Us                            



                                Our Services                            



                                Our People                            



                                Recent News                            



 



                                Events                            



                                Careers                            



                                Contact Us                            

Client Login 








The Marston Group, PLC1661 International DriveSuite 250Memphis, TN 38120Phone: 901.761.3003Fax: 901.683.7901                                







sign up to receive emails







Ignore this text box. It is used to detect spammers. If you enter anything into this text box, your message will not be sent.




 



                                    ©  2013-2017 The Marston Group, PLC | All Rights Reserved | Powered by RocketFuel®







William C Drummond Reviews | Insurance Broker in Huntington, WV






























































 

William C Drummond


@WilliamChristopherDrummond





			Rating: 0



1
2
3
4
5
Your Rating: 



0 Reviews - Submit Your Rating



		http://www.nmfn.com	






Claim This Profile





 
 
		Info & Reviews
		



 
 
		Activity
		



 
 
		Answers
		


 



William C Drummond Reviews & Info

William Drummond is an insurance agent employed by Northwestern Mutual, operating out of their Huntington, WV office....see more
Other Names Used: William C Drummond, William Drummond 
Insurance Company / Agency:  
		Northwestern Mutual 

Contact:


602 Veterans Memorial Blvd
Huntington, WV 25701
                    				




					Main: 304-522-7326				


 
Licensed States:

		FL		



Policies:


AnnuitiesHealth 



Life 



		 
	

William C Drummond Review Highlights


TOTAL RECOMMENDATIONS
0



Recommend

0











William C Drummond Reviews


No reviews found for William C Drummond


					Be the first to write a review














Follow


0 Followers


0 Following







Ask William C Drummond a Question
Send William C Drummond a direct message


			This correspondence is public. Instead, send a direct message. 


			This is a direct message. Instead, ask a public question. 






or Sign In


Post my question
send message
140





Share or Get your friends opinion about William C Drummond








Wallet Points 



Q&A
0


Followers
0


Misc
0


Total
0





						I'm Following
		
No users followed


Information on this page is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for any other purpose or advice. In addition, this information does not originate from us and thus, we do not guarantee its accuracy.
You can check the profile page of each professional or company to determine whether they are a paying advertiser (indicated by the word "sponsored"). Regardless of advertiser status, none of the listings, reviews, or other information on Wallet Hub constitutes, in any way, a referral or endorsement by us of the respective financial company or professional, or vice versa. Furthermore, it is important to note that the inclusion of a financial company or professional on Wallet Hub does not necessarily indicate their involvement with the site or control over the information that we display.  Information is displayed first and foremost for the benefit of consumers.



report abuse




Reviews

Insurance Brokers











GET YOUR FREE CREDIT SCORE & REPORT 

Join WalletHub
+ 100% FREE
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

SIGN UP FOR FREE
No credit card needed




































Poems William Drummond Hawthornden - AbeBooks













abebooks.com Passion for books.


Sign OnMy AccountBasket Help 












Search

By Keyword
By Title
By Author
By ISBN
By Publisher
By Collection


Find
Advanced Search


















              Item added to your basket
              

View basket




              Order Total (1 Item Items):
 
Shipping Destination: 


Proceed to Basket





 


View basket




Continue shopping





Poems William Drummond Hawthornden

You Searched For:

Title:
poems william drummond hawthornden

Edit Your Search







Results (1 - 30) of 238

1
2
3
4
5


›








Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending






Show results for
Product Type


All Product Types 


Books (238)


Magazines & Periodicals


Comics


Sheet Music


Art, Prints & Posters


Photographs


Maps


Manuscripts & Paper Collectibles



Refine by
Condition



All Conditions 


New Books (213)      


Used Books (25)      

Binding



All Bindings 


Hardcover (86)      


Softcover (102)      

Collectible Attributes



First Edition (9)      

Signed Copy



Dust Jacket (6)      


Seller-Supplied Images (8)      


Not Printed On Demand 

Free Shipping



Free US Shipping (135)      

Bookseller Location


All Locations

Select a Country

Select a Country

Australia
Germany
India

U.S.A.
United Kingdom





Bookseller Rating



All Booksellers 

and up


and up



and up (237)      


  (221)      

 



Search Within These Results:


























            Stock Image
    








William Drummond of Hawthornden: Poems and prose ([Publications] - Association for Scottish Literary Studies ; 6)

Drummond, William


              Published by
              Scottish Academic Press
(1976)


ISBN 10: 0701121920
ISBN 13: 9780701121921



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.48

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Scottish Academic Press, 1976. Book Condition: Good. Former Library book. NO?DJ Shows some signs of wear, and may have some markings on the inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP96453601

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
1.





















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden, vol. I

WILLIAM / WARD, WM.C. (ED) DRUMMOND


              Published by
              Lawrence & Bullen
(1894)



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Bookbarn International (Bristol, SOM, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 6.32

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 2.62

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Lawrence & Bullen, 1894. Hardcover. Book Condition: Good. Sent within 24 hours. Expedited UK delivery available. Ex Library.  Bookseller Inventory # BBI1646088

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
2.



















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden *EBOOK*

Maitland Club (Glasgow),Maitland, Thomas



New

Quantity Available: > 20

From: E-Books Delivery Service (Cleveland, OH, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 9.99

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2013. Book Condition: New. ***This is the EBook version (.pdf format) of the 1832 edition. Scanned from the original book !!** You will be receiving the text of this book via download. An email will be sent shortly to your email address containing the download instructions. Refund requests for 'Buyer does not want item' after an ebook has been received will not be accepted.  Bookseller Inventory # 161915

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
3.



















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden v. 1 *EBOOK*

Drummond William Ward William C



New

Quantity Available: > 20

From: E-Books Delivery Service (Cleveland, OH, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 9.99

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2013. Book Condition: New. ***This is the EBook version (.pdf format) of the 1894 edition. Scanned from the original book !!** You will be receiving the text of this book via download. An email will be sent shortly to your email address containing the download instructions. Refund requests for 'Buyer does not want item' after an ebook has been received will not be accepted.  Bookseller Inventory # 526995

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
4.



















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden v. 2 *EBOOK*

Drummond William Ward William C



New

Quantity Available: > 20

From: E-Books Delivery Service (Cleveland, OH, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 9.99

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2013. Book Condition: New. ***This is the EBook version (.pdf format) of the 1894 edition. Scanned from the original book !!** You will be receiving the text of this book via download. An email will be sent shortly to your email address containing the download instructions. Refund requests for 'Buyer does not want item' after an ebook has been received will not be accepted.  Bookseller Inventory # 526996

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
5.




















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden 1790

Drummond, William,



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 12.54

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Softcover. Book Condition: New. 352 Lang: - eng, Pages 352, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back [1790]. This book is Printed in black & white, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Soft Cover {HARDCOVER EDITION IS ALSO AVAILABLE}, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, we processed each page manually and make them readable but in some cases some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. If it is multi volume set, then it is only single volume. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Any type of Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Language: eng.  Bookseller Inventory # PB1111001293584

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
6.




















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden 1790

Drummond, William, -



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 12.54

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Softcover. Book Condition: New. 352 Lang: - eng, Pages 352, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back[1790]. This book is Printed in black & white, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Soft Cover {HARDCOVER EDITION IS ALSO AVAILABLE}, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, we processed each page manually and make them readable but in some cases some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. If it is multi volume set, then it is only single volume. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Any type of Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Language: eng.  Bookseller Inventory # PB1111005825875

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
7.




















The Poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden: With Life, by Peter Cunningham 1833

William Drummond , Peter Cunningham



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 12.59

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Softcover. Book Condition: New. 355 Lang: - English, Pages 355, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back [1833]. This book is Printed in black & white, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Soft Cover {HARDCOVER EDITION IS ALSO AVAILABLE}, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, we processed each page manually and make them readable but in some cases some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. If it is multi volume set, then it is only single volume. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Any type of Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Language: English.  Bookseller Inventory # PB1111000478284

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
8.




















The Poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden

Anonymous



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 12.59

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Softcover. Book Condition: New. 355 Lang: - English, Pages 355, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back. This book is Printed in black & white, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Soft Cover {HARDCOVER EDITION IS ALSO AVAILABLE}, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, we processed each page manually and make them readable but in some cases some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. If it is multi volume set, then it is only single volume. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Any type of Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Language: English.  Bookseller Inventory # PB1111002467902

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
9.




















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden Volume 2 1894

Drummond, William, -,Ward, William C



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 12.77

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Softcover. Book Condition: New. 366 Lang: - eng, Vol: - Volume 2, Pages 366, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back [1894].This book is Printed in black & white, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Soft Cover {HARDCOVER EDITION IS ALSO AVAILABLE}, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, we processed each page manually and make them readable but in some cases some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Any type of Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Volume 2 Language: eng.  Bookseller Inventory # PB1111005582958

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
10.




















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden Volume 2 1894

Drummond, William, ,Ward, William C



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 12.79

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Softcover. Book Condition: New. 368 Lang: - eng, Vol: - Volume 2, Pages 368, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back [1894].This book is Printed in black & white, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Soft Cover {HARDCOVER EDITION IS ALSO AVAILABLE}, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, we processed each page manually and make them readable but in some cases some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Any type of Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Volume 2 Language: eng.  Bookseller Inventory # PB1111001297114

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
11.




















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden Volume 2

Drummond, William, ,Ward, W. C. (William C.)



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 12.89

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Softcover. Book Condition: New. 374 Lang: - eng, Vol: - Volume 2, Pages 374, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back .This book is Printed in black & white, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Soft Cover {HARDCOVER EDITION IS ALSO AVAILABLE}, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, we processed each page manually and make them readable but in some cases some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Any type of Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Volume 2 Language: eng.  Bookseller Inventory # PB1111000478173

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
12.




















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden Volume 1

Drummond, William, ,Ward, W. C. (William C.)



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 13.05

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Softcover. Book Condition: New. 384 Lang: - eng, Vol: - Volume 1, Pages 384, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back .This book is Printed in black & white, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Soft Cover {HARDCOVER EDITION IS ALSO AVAILABLE}, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, we processed each page manually and make them readable but in some cases some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Any type of Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Volume 1 Language: eng.  Bookseller Inventory # PB1111000478172

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
13.




















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden 1894

Drummond, William, ,Ward, William C



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 13.09

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Softcover. Book Condition: New. 387 Lang: - eng, Pages 387, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back[1894]. This book is Printed in black & white, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Soft Cover {HARDCOVER EDITION IS ALSO AVAILABLE}, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, we processed each page manually and make them readable but in some cases some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. If it is multi volume set, then it is only single volume. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Any type of Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Language: eng.  Bookseller Inventory # PB1111002475783

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
14.




















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden 1894

Drummond, William, -,Ward, William C



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 13.09

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Softcover. Book Condition: New. 387 Lang: - eng, Pages 387, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back[1894]. This book is Printed in black & white, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Soft Cover {HARDCOVER EDITION IS ALSO AVAILABLE}, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, we processed each page manually and make them readable but in some cases some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. If it is multi volume set, then it is only single volume. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Any type of Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Language: eng.  Bookseller Inventory # PB1111005591046

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
15.




















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden Volume 1 1894

Drummond, William, ,Ward, William C



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 13.19

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Softcover. Book Condition: New. 392 Lang: - eng, Vol: - Volume 1, Pages 392, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back [1894].This book is Printed in black & white, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Soft Cover {HARDCOVER EDITION IS ALSO AVAILABLE}, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, we processed each page manually and make them readable but in some cases some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Any type of Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Volume 1 Language: eng.  Bookseller Inventory # PB1111001301297

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
16.




















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden Volume 1 1894

Drummond, William, -,Ward, William C



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 13.19

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Softcover. Book Condition: New. 392 Lang: - eng, Vol: - Volume 1, Pages 392, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back [1894].This book is Printed in black & white, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Soft Cover {HARDCOVER EDITION IS ALSO AVAILABLE}, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, we processed each page manually and make them readable but in some cases some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Any type of Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Volume 1 Language: eng.  Bookseller Inventory # PB1111005592680

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
17.




















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden Volume '2 1894

Drummond, William,,Ward, William C



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 13.29

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Softcover. Book Condition: New. 368 Lang:- eng, Vol:- Volume '2, Pages 368, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back[1894]. This book is Printed in black & white, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Soft Cover {HARDCOVER EDITION IS ALSO AVAILABLE}, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, there may be some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Volume '2 Language: eng.  Bookseller Inventory # PB1111005833312

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
18.





















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden (1790)

Drummond, William, 1585-1649


              Published by
              ReInk Books
(2017)



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: 10

From: S N Books World--WORLDWIDE FREE SHIPPING (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 13.35

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: ReInk Books, 2017. Softcover. Book Condition: NEW. Reprinted from 1790 edition. Language: eng. NO changes have been made to the original text. This is NOT a retyped or an ocr'd reprint. Illustrations, Index, if any, are included in black and white. Each page is checked manually before printing. As this reprint is from very old book, there could be some missing or flawed pages, but we always try to make the book as complete as possible. Fold-outs, if any, are not part of the book. If the original book was published in multiple volumes then this reprint is of only one volume, not the whole set. This paperback book is SEWN, where the book block is actually sewn (smythe sewn/section sewn) with thread before binding which results in a more durable type of paperback binding. It can also be open wide. The pages will not fall out and will be around for a lot longer than normal paperbacks. This print on demand book is printed on high quality acid-free paper. Original Publisher: London : Printed for J. Jeffery 352 pages.  Bookseller Inventory # 452407105

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
19.





















The Poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden: With Life, by Peter Cunningham (1833)

William Drummond , Peter Cunningham


              Published by
              ReInk Books
(2017)



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: 10

From: S N Books World--WORLDWIDE FREE SHIPPING (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 13.43

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: ReInk Books, 2017. Softcover. Book Condition: NEW. Reprinted from 1833 edition. Language: English. NO changes have been made to the original text. This is NOT a retyped or an ocr'd reprint. Illustrations, Index, if any, are included in black and white. Each page is checked manually before printing. As this reprint is from very old book, there could be some missing or flawed pages, but we always try to make the book as complete as possible. Fold-outs, if any, are not part of the book. If the original book was published in multiple volumes then this reprint is of only one volume, not the whole set. This paperback book is SEWN, where the book block is actually sewn (smythe sewn/section sewn) with thread before binding which results in a more durable type of paperback binding. It can also be open wide. The pages will not fall out and will be around for a lot longer than normal paperbacks. This print on demand book is printed on high quality acid-free paper. Original Publisher: Cochrane and M'Crone 355 pages.  Bookseller Inventory # 452410000

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
20.




















The Poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden




              Published by
              ReInk Books
(2017)



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: 10

From: S N Books World--WORLDWIDE FREE SHIPPING (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 13.43

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: ReInk Books, 2017. Softcover. Book Condition: NEW. Reprinted from edition. Language: English. NO changes have been made to the original text. This is NOT a retyped or an ocr'd reprint. Illustrations, Index, if any, are included in black and white. Each page is checked manually before printing. As this reprint is from very old book, there could be some missing or flawed pages, but we always try to make the book as complete as possible. Fold-outs, if any, are not part of the book. If the original book was published in multiple volumes then this reprint is of only one volume, not the whole set. This paperback book is SEWN, where the book block is actually sewn (smythe sewn/section sewn) with thread before binding which results in a more durable type of paperback binding. It can also be open wide. The pages will not fall out and will be around for a lot longer than normal paperbacks. This print on demand book is printed on high quality acid-free paper. 355 pages.  Bookseller Inventory # 457882235

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
21.




















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden Volume 2 1894

Drummond, William, ,Ward, William C



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 13.59

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Softcover. Book Condition: New. 366 Lang:- eng, Vol:- Volume 2, Pages 366, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back[1894]. This book is Printed in black & white, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Soft Cover {HARDCOVER EDITION IS ALSO AVAILABLE}, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, there may be some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Volume 2 Language: eng.  Bookseller Inventory # PB1111000630578

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
22.




















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden Volume '1 1894

Drummond, William,,Ward, William C



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 13.69

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Softcover. Book Condition: New. 392 Lang:- eng, Vol:- Volume '1, Pages 392, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back[1894]. This book is Printed in black & white, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Soft Cover {HARDCOVER EDITION IS ALSO AVAILABLE}, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, there may be some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Volume '1 Language: eng.  Bookseller Inventory # PB1111005844831

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
23.





















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden (1894) (Volume: 2)

Drummond, William, 1585-1649,Ward, William C


              Published by
              ReInk Books
(2017)



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: 10

From: S N Books World--WORLDWIDE FREE SHIPPING (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 13.72

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: ReInk Books, 2017. Softcover. Book Condition: NEW. Reprinted from 1894 edition. Volume: 2 Language: eng. NO changes have been made to the original text. This is NOT a retyped or an ocr'd reprint. Illustrations, Index, if any, are included in black and white. Each page is checked manually before printing. As this reprint is from very old book, there could be some missing or flawed pages, but we always try to make the book as complete as possible. Fold-outs, if any, are not part of the book. If the original book was published in multiple volumes then this reprint is of only one volume, not the whole set. This paperback book is SEWN, where the book block is actually sewn (smythe sewn/section sewn) with thread before binding which results in a more durable type of paperback binding. It can also be open wide. The pages will not fall out and will be around for a lot longer than normal paperbacks. This print on demand book is printed on high quality acid-free paper. Original Publisher: London : Laurence and Bullen ; New York : C. Scribner's Sons 366 pages Volume: 2.  Bookseller Inventory # 452421540

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
24.





















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden (Volume: 2)

Drummond, William, 1585-1649,Ward, W. C. (William C.)


              Published by
              ReInk Books
(2017)



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: 10

From: S N Books World--WORLDWIDE FREE SHIPPING (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 13.92

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: ReInk Books, 2017. Softcover. Book Condition: NEW. Reprinted from edition. Volume: 2 Language: eng. NO changes have been made to the original text. This is NOT a retyped or an ocr'd reprint. Illustrations, Index, if any, are included in black and white. Each page is checked manually before printing. As this reprint is from very old book, there could be some missing or flawed pages, but we always try to make the book as complete as possible. Fold-outs, if any, are not part of the book. If the original book was published in multiple volumes then this reprint is of only one volume, not the whole set. This paperback book is SEWN, where the book block is actually sewn (smythe sewn/section sewn) with thread before binding which results in a more durable type of paperback binding. It can also be open wide. The pages will not fall out and will be around for a lot longer than normal paperbacks. This print on demand book is printed on high quality acid-free paper. Original Publisher: London : G. Routledge ; New York : E.P. Dutton 374 pages Volume: 2.  Bookseller Inventory # 457931939

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
25.




















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden Volume 1 1894

Drummond, William, ,Ward, William C



New
Softcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 14.03

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Softcover. Book Condition: New. 392 Lang:- eng, Vol:- Volume 1, Pages 392, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back[1894]. This book is Printed in black & white, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Soft Cover {HARDCOVER EDITION IS ALSO AVAILABLE}, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, there may be some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Volume 1 Language: eng.  Bookseller Inventory # PB1111000630577

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
26.




















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden 1790 [Hardcover]

Drummond, William,



New
Hardcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 14.03

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Hardcover. Book Condition: New. 352 Lang: - eng, Pages 352, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back [1790]. This book is Printed in black & white, Hardcover, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Dust Cover, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, we processed each page manually and make them readable but in some cases some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. If it is multi volume set, then it is only single volume. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Any type of Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Language: eng.  Bookseller Inventory # 1111001293584

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
27.




















The poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden 1790 [Hardcover]

Drummond, William, -



New
Hardcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 14.03

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Hardcover. Book Condition: New. 352 Lang: - eng, Pages 352, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back[1790]. This book is Printed in black & white, Hardcover, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Dust Cover, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, we processed each page manually and make them readable but in some cases some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. If it is multi volume set, then it is only single volume. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Any type of Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Language: eng.  Bookseller Inventory # 1111005825875

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
28.




















The Poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden: With Life, by Peter Cunningham 1833 [Hardcover]

William Drummond , Peter Cunningham



New
Hardcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 14.07

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Hardcover. Book Condition: New. 355 Lang: - English, Pages 355, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back [1833]. This book is Printed in black & white, Hardcover, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Dust Cover, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, we processed each page manually and make them readable but in some cases some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. If it is multi volume set, then it is only single volume. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Any type of Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Language: English.  Bookseller Inventory # 1111000478284

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
29.




















The Poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden [Hardcover]

Anonymous



New
Hardcover

Quantity Available: > 20

From: Gyan Books Pvt. Ltd. (Delhi, India)
Bookseller Rating:




Print on Demand







Price: US$ 14.07

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From India to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: 2016. Hardcover. Book Condition: New. 355 Lang: - English, Pages 355, Print on Demand. Reprinted in 2016 with the help of original edition published long back. This book is Printed in black & white, Hardcover, sewing binding for longer life with Matt laminated multi-Colour Dust Cover, Printed on high quality Paper, re-sized as per Current standards, professionally processed without changing its contents. As these are old books, we processed each page manually and make them readable but in some cases some pages which are blur or missing or black spots. If it is multi volume set, then it is only single volume. We expect that you will understand our compulsion in these books. We found this book important for the readers who want to know more about our old treasure so we brought it back to the shelves. (Any type of Customisation is possible). Hope you will like it and give your comments and suggestions. Language: English.  Bookseller Inventory # 1111002467902

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
30.



 
 


Results (1 - 30) of 238

1
2
3
4
5


›








Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending







Create a Want
Tell us what you're looking for and once a match is found, we'll inform you by e-mail.
Create a Want


BookSleuth
Can't remember the title or the author of a book? Our BookSleuth is specially designed for you.
Visit BookSleuth


Help with Search
Search Tips 
Glossary of Terms 
Set your own Search Preferences





Mobile View:
 Available
Not Available
×











































Drummond William C1 | American Institute of Physics
































Skip to main content













AIP Publishing
AIP China
 

 



 






 


 







Programs and ResourcesStatistical ResearchHistory ProgramsCenter for History of PhysicsNiels Bohr Library and ArchivesStudent ProgramsGovernment RelationsScience News and Media ServicesIndustry OutreachPublicationsJournalsInside SciencePhysics TodayFYI:  Science Policy NewsCareer ResourcesJobs at AIPMember SocietiesAbout AIPAbout AIPNewsLeadershipAwards and PrizesAnnual ReportContact UsDonate nowWays to GivePlanned GiftsMeet our BoardContact Development staffCombined Federal Campaign 

 









Emilio Segrè Visual Archives
More than 30,000 photos of scientists and their work


 
 









ESVA home
About the ESVA
Purchasing photos
Donating photos
Photo fees
Use policy
Advanced search
 

 
 


You are hereHome



Drummond William C1


Share This










 









Drummond William C1How will you use this image ?Select one of the following options.Individual Use: NO FEE
 Private display (in home, school or office) 


 Authors not receiving reimbursement or royalties from their publisher 


 Use on students’ or professors’ educational, non-commercial website 


 Use in educational lecture or presentation 

Not-for-profit Use
 For small publications (book printing < 1000, journal circulation < 15,000) -  No fee 


 For larger publications (book printing > 1000, journal circulation > 15,000) - $35.00 


 Re-use of the photograph in a new edition of the project - $25.00 

For-profit Use (educational only)
 For-profit use - $85.00 


 Re-use of the photograph in a new edition of the project - $63.75 

Not sure yet
 I will return to pay the usage fee when I know how this image will be used 

We charge a usage fee per photo if the photo is published, reproduced in a product or publicly exhibited. This is not a license in the legal sense. As a non-profit institution, we do not make any money providing these photographs. It is only by assessing usage fees that we are able to cover the cost of providing publication quality copies of our photos, preserving the photograph collection according to archival standards, and providing access to the collection by maintaining an online image database. The copyright holder may charge a fee in addition to our service fee.Images are for use in educational projects only and must be used in a respectful manner.



$20.00
Image title: William and James DrummondCredit line: AIP Emilio Segrè Visual Archives, Physics Today CollectionDescription: Brothers and physicists William Eckel Drummond and James Edgar Drummond talking in front of a blackboard.
Original format: 1 photographic print (black and white; 10 x 8 inches)Person(s): Drummond, William EckelDrummond, James E.Collection: Physics Today CollectionKeywords: ConversationBlackboardsFamilyCategory: With 1-2 other people




 





Log in
 



Shopping cart

Your shopping cart is empty. 








            Search for Photos          







 


 




Advanced Search


 
 




 





	The Poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden V1: William C. Ward: Hardcover: 9780548124383: Powell's Books
































































 




Cart |




 



	|  my account  |  wish list  |  help   |  800-878-7323




 


Hello,
        

        |
        Login




 













All Books
New
Used






advanced















MENU


Browse
New Arrivals
Bestsellers
Award Winners
Signed Preorders
Signed Editions
Digital Audio Books
Daily Dose
Newsletters
See All Subjects


Used
Staff Picks
Staff Picks
Best Books of 2017 So Far
Staff Top Fives 2016
Picks of the Month
Boox
Indiespensable
25 Global Books to Read Before You Die
25 Women to Read Before You Die
25 Books to Read Before You Die


Gifts + Gift Cards
Gift Cards & eGift Cards
Powell's Souvenirs
Journals & Notebooks
Games
Socks


Sell Books
Sell Books Online
Sell Books in Our Stores


Blog
Events
Find A Store







 
 

















Don't Miss


Vacation Education Sale
Poets of Instagram
Summer Reading B2G1 Free
Best Books of 2017 So Far
BOOX, Volume 3
Indiespensable, Vol. 68: 
    Claire Messud
Powell's Souvenirs
Libro.fm Audiobooks
Powell's Picks of the Month







Visit Our Stores
 

















                Tom Perrotta:
                Tom Perrotta's Playlist for 'Mrs. Fletcher'
            (0 comment)
        

“Mrs. Robinson” by Simon & Garfunkel
An overture for the novel, an inspiration for the title, and a tribute to an icon of mature female sexuality...


Read More» 



                        Nate Dern:
                        
                            Powell's Q&A: Nate Dern, Author of 'Not Quite a Genius'
                        (0 comment)
                    

                        Jill Owens:
                        
                            Powell's Interview: Claire Messud, Author of 'The Burning Girl'
                        (0 comment)
                    













			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
















 
 







 The Poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden V1 
  by William C. Ward



   



  Comment on this title and you could win!  

 ISBN13: 9780548124383 
ISBN10: 0548124388 
 
 

All Product Details 





View Larger ImageView Larger Images




0.00


  Hardcover





Ships in 1 to 3 days

































                        What Our Readers Are Saying
                    

Be the first to share your thoughts on this title!










































Product DetailsISBN:9780548124383Binding:HardcoverPublication date:07/01/2007Publisher:Kessinger PublishingLanguage:EnglishPages:368Height:9.00 in.Width:6.00 in.Thickness:.94 in.Number of Units:1UPC Code:4294967295Editor:William C. WardAuthor:William Drummond






    
    

 0.00 
   Hardcover 

 Ships in 1 to 3 days 
    
 









Receive an email when this ISBN is available used.




































			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##




















			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##











			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##











			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





















 



 




























 






Help
Guarantee
My Account
Careers

About Us
    
Security
Wish List
Partners
Contact Us
Shipping
Newsletters
Sitemap
© 2017 POWELLS.COM  Terms
800-878-7323

















			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##

















			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##











			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##











			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





































Drummond William C Cpa in Memphis, Tennessee with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeMemphis, TNDrummond William C CpaMemphis, TN Drummond William C CpaAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksTop10 Accounting ServicesAccounting Services on Sale Now.Low Prices on Accounting Services.MerchantHunter.com/AccountingAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection1. Sachs, William L, CPA405 S Perkins RdMemphis, TN 38117(901) 767-1718Accountants-Certified PublicMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection2. Heath, William J, CPA670 Oakleaf Office LnMemphis, TN 38117(901) 767-5080Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection3. William F Shepherd CPA1111 Hale RdMemphis, TN 38116(901) 345-6809Accountants-Certified PublicMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection4. William G Griesbeck CPA5100 Wheelis DrMemphis, TN 38117(901) 682-2431Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingWebsiteMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection5. Hope, William M, CPA6000 Poplar AveMemphis, TN 38119(901) 761-3000Accountants-Certified PublicAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection6. William A Smith Jr CPA2786 Stage Center DrMemphis, TN 38134(901) 377-0478Accountants-Certified PublicMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection7. Thomas, William K, CPA301 E Broadway StWest Memphis, AR 72301(870) 735-2683Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection8. Will CPA Zoccola Jd6800 Poplar AveGermantown, TN 38138(901) 523-8283Accountants-Certified PublicAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection9. William Neal Small Atty At Law140 Jefferson AveMemphis, TN 38103(901) 526-1717AttorneysGeneral Practice AttorneysWebsiteMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection10. Griesbeck, William G335 Cinnamon DrMemphis, TN 38117(901) 682-2431Accounting ServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection11. Miller William P and Co755 Forest Lake DrMemphis, TN 38117(901) 766-4567Accountants-Certified PublicAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection12. Paul Bill Bookkeeping & Tax ServiceBBB Rating: A+5154 Stage Rd Ste 103Memphis, TN 38134(901) 373-4556BookkeepingFinancial ServicesWebsiteMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection13. William H Blythe Certified Public Accountant4640 Knight Arnold RdMemphis, TN 38118(901) 362-7413Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection14. William D Wildman Certified Public Accountant6555 Quince RdMemphis, TN 38119(901) 753-7175Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection15. Hensley, William3238 Players Club CirMemphis, TN 38125(901) 869-5733Taxes-Consultants & RepresentativesMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection16. William H Polk & Co2540 Highway 51 SHernando, MS 38632(662) 563-8661Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingWebsiteMake an AppointmentBusinesses in related categories to Accountants-Certified PublicAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection17. Whitehorn Thankersley & Davis PLLC CPA'sBBB Rating: A+670 Oakleaf Office LnMemphis, TN 38117(901) 767-5080Tax Return Preparation-BusinessWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection18. David Patrick CPABBB Rating: A+2755 Summer Oaks DrMemphis, TN 38134(901) 386-1150Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingDirectionsServicesMore InfoMake an AppointmentFrom Business: For over 25 years, we've been providing small to medium size businesses, as well as individuals, with the best accounting services available. Call today for a fre…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED19. Jackson Howell & Associates PLLCBBB Rating: A+7240 Goodlett Farms PkwyCordova, TN 38016(901) 646-7962Tax Return PreparationBookkeepingWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoMake an AppointmentFrom Business: Jackson, Howell & Associates, PLLC is a full service professional accounting Firm doing business since 1976 with locations in Cordova, Tennessee and West Memphis,…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection20. Reynolds Bone & Griesbeck PLC CPABBB Rating: A+5100 Wheelis DrMemphis, TN 38117(901) 682-2431Accountants-Certified PublicWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: In business for more than 90 years, Reynolds, Bone & Griesbeck is the oldest and one of the largest Memphis-based CPA firms. Our commitment to custom-tailored cli…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED21. Schwartz, Jerry H6260 Poplar AveMemphis, TN 38119(901) 646-7986Tax AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoMake an AppointmentVisit our websitejerryhschwartz.comFrom Business: Licensed CPA - Locations in Memphis and Nashville--Available Services--Taxation-Probate & General - IRS Representation - Tax Audits & Hearings - Tax Collections &…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection22. Niter, Atris Jr1750 Madison AveMemphis, TN 38104(901) 726-9700Accountants-Certified PublicDirectionsMore InfoMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection23. Agee & Mason CPA's199 Summitt StMemphis, TN 38104(901) 274-2143Accountants-Certified PublicDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection24. Fulton CPAsBBB Rating: A+3100 Appling RdMemphis, TN 38133(901) 410-3290Tax Return Preparation-BusinessWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoMake an AppointmentFrom Business: Fulton CPAs is a full service accounting firm, with emphasis on SERVICE. We provide close, personal attention to our clients' individual and business goals. Our c…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection25. Cannon Wright BlountBBB Rating: A+756 Ridge Lake BlvdMemphis, TN 38120(901) 685-7500Tax Return PreparationWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoMake an AppointmentFrom Business: QuickBooks Advanced Certified ProAdvisor -- Services and training tailored to your business and your level of computer/accounting literacy. 12 years experience wo…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED26. Scott & Pohlman CPABBB Rating: A+5100 Poplar AveMemphis, TN 38137(901) 609-3062Tax Return PreparationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED27. Bookkeeping.com(1)Serving the Memphis Area.(888) 273-0469Employment AgenciesFinancial ServicesWebsiteMore InfoI found Bookkeeping.com to be a very prompt and professional service. It is also nice they provide a complete array of business services which makes…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED28. Silver Tax Group(28)Serving the Memphis Area.(800) 201-3187Tax AttorneysWebsiteVideoMore InfoI came across this firm "blind" by Googling my particular tax issue.  Because I live far from their main office, our initial contact was through e-m…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED29. Whitehorn CPA PCBBB Rating: A+517 Halle Park DrCollierville, TN 38017(901) 273-8200Tax Return PreparationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Whitehorn, CPA, PC operates in the Greater Memphis Area. Michael T.Whitehorn & James W. Long.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection30. McBryde, Mark W CPABBB Rating: A+7520 Capital DrGermantown, TN 38138(901) 756-3975Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoMake an AppointmentSponsored LinksMap ViewSponsoredCannon Wright Blount756 Ridge Lake Blvd, Memphis, TN 38120(901) 685-7500Contact Us for InformationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoWhitehorn Thankersley & Davis PLLC CPA's670 Oakleaf Office Ln, Memphis, TN 38117(901) 767-5080Contact Us for InformationWebsiteContact UsDirectionsMore InfoSchwartz, Jerry H6260 Poplar Ave, Memphis, TN 38119(901) 646-7986WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoDavid Patrick CPA2755 Summer Oaks Dr, Memphis, TN 38134(901) 386-1150Providing Quality Business & Individual Accounting Services For Over 25 Years!DirectionsMore InfoScott & Pohlman CPA5100 Poplar Ave, Memphis, TN 38137(901) 609-3062Quality. Service. Ethics.WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFulton CPAs3100 Appling Rd, Memphis, TN 38133(901) 410-3290Contact Us for InformationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoNiter, Atris Jr1750 Madison Ave, Memphis, TN 38104(901) 726-9700Contact Us For InformationDirectionsMore InfoAgee & Mason CPA's199 Summitt St, Memphis, TN 38104(901) 274-2143Contact Us For InformationDirectionsMore InfoReynolds Bone & Griesbeck PLC CPA5100 Wheelis Dr, Memphis, TN 38117(901) 682-2431In business for more than 90 years, Reynolds, Bone & Griesbeck is the oldest and one of the largest Memphis-based CPA firms.WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoWhitehorn CPA PC517 Halle Park Dr, Collierville, TN 38017(901) 273-8200We Meet All Of Our Client's Accounting & Tax NeedsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoJackson Howell & Associates PLLC7240 Goodlett Farms Pkwy, Cordova, TN 38016(901) 646-7962WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFerguson, James E CPA6825 Highway 70, Arlington, TN 38002(901) 372-9385Contact Us For InformationDirectionsMore InfoButcher, Victor G CPA LUTCF7800 Fawn Ridge Cv, Cordova, TN 38016(901) 244-4089WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoRobinson & Isom PLLC52 Timber Creek Dr, Cordova, TN 38018(901) 755-6333Contact Us For InformationDirectionsMore InfoMcBryde, Mark W CPA7520 Capital Dr, Germantown, TN 38138(901) 756-3975Contact Us For InformationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoGordon & Associates CPA PC51 Germantown Ct, Cordova, TN 38018(901) 737-8382Certified Public AccountantDirectionsMore InfoBookkeeping.com(1)Serving the Memphis area.(888) 273-0469100's of Local Offices for Face to Face ServiceWebsiteMore InfoSilver Tax Group(28)Serving the Memphis area.(800) 201-3187WebsiteMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
