






Investment Process — DT Investment Partners



















































Investment ProcessDT Investment PhilosophyOur investment philosophy focuses on asset allocation and portfolio construction, which academic research has shown to be the largest contributors to long-term portfolio returns.Balance: We employ an active management style that seeks to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns while balancing principal growth with income requirements in various market environments.Consistency: We strive for low volatility and consistent returns by stressing diversification and finding the optimal mix of asset classes for a client’s risk profile and return objectives.Outcomes: Our investment process utilizes fundamental, valuation, and technical analysis to tactically shift between asset classes to capture the benefits from both fundamental valuation changes and price momentum. Asset AllocationOver the past decade, financial markets have become more global and dynamic in nature. There are new classes of investors (private equity, hedge funds, sovereign wealth funds) with different investment objectives. The worldwide dissemination of information is more efficient than ever. As a result, certain asset classes have become so efficient that it has been extremely difficult for long-only investment managers to outperform market indices based upon security selection decisions. The bottom line is that economic fundamentals are no longer the sole determinant of asset class returns. We believe that these fundamental changes in the investment landscape make tactical asset allocation methodologies favorable.Learn more about our Asset Allocation process and approach Fixed IncomeWe strive for low volatility and consistent returns by stressing diversification and minimizing interest rate risk by constraining duration bands. We utilize fundamental and technical analysis to tactically shift between fixed income asset classes to capture the benefits from both fundamental valuation changes and price momentum. We recognize that the compounding effect of income is traditionally the largest contributor to fixed income performance.LEARN MORE ABOUT OUR Fixed Income PROCESS AND APPROACH




















Strategies — DT Investment Partners



















































Strategies Each of these strategies can be customized to meet a client’s cash flow and liquidity needs, income/return requirements, risk tolerance, time horizon, gain/loss restrictions, and tax considerations. Each strategy is designed to provide a diversified portfolio solution with a defined risk objective.Ultra-Conservative Growth & Income – The portfolio is built around a long-term strategic allocation to the following asset classes: U.S. large and midcap stocks, emerging markets stocks, fixed income securities, and real estate. We select and invest in Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) and mutual funds that are appropriate proxies for the above-mentioned asset classes as well as individual fixed income securities. The blended benchmark of comparison is 20% equities and 80% fixed income. The portfolio team utilizes fundamental, valuation, and technical analysis to tactically shift between asset classes to capture the benefits from both fundamental valuation changes and price momentum.Conservative Growth & Income – The portfolio is built around a long-term strategic allocation to the following asset classes: U.S. large, mid, and small cap stocks, international and emerging markets stocks, fixed income securities, real estate, and commodities. We select and invest in Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) and mutual funds that are appropriate proxies for the above-mentioned asset classes as well as individual fixed income securities. The blended benchmark of comparison is 60% equities and 40% fixed income. The portfolio team utilizes fundamental, valuation, and technical analysis to tactically shift between asset classes to capture the benefits from both fundamental valuation changes and price momentum.Moderate Growth & Income – The portfolio is built around a long-term strategic asset allocation that typically includes investments in U.S. large, mid, and small cap stocks, international and emerging markets stocks, fixed income securities, real estate, and commodities. We select and invest in Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) and mutual funds that are appropriate proxies for the above-mentioned asset classes as well as individual fixed income securities. The blended benchmark of comparison is 70% equities and 30% fixed income. The portfolio team utilizes fundamental, valuation, and technical analysis to tactically shift between asset classes to capture the benefits from both fundamental valuation changes and price momentum.Aggressive Growth – The portfolio is built around a long-term strategic allocation to the following asset classes: U.S. large, mid, and small cap stocks, international and emerging markets stocks, fixed income securities, high yield bonds, real estate, and commodities. We select and invest in Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) and mutual funds that are appropriate proxies for the above-mentioned asset classes as well as individual fixed income securities. The benchmark of comparison is 100% equities. The portfolio team utilizes fundamental, valuation, and technical analysis to tactically shift between asset classes to capture the benefits from both fundamental valuation changes and price momentum.Dividend Focus – The portfolio is designed to provide stable, consistent, and relatively high income. The portfolio is built around a long-term, strategic, U.S. Large Cap stock sector allocation that typically includes investments in the energy, consumer staples, consumer discretionary, healthcare, utilities, technology, industrials, materials, telecommunications, and financial sectors of the S&P 500 Index. We select and mainly invest in common stocks, preferred stocks, master limited partnerships, and bonds that are appropriate proxies for the above mentioned sectors.The benchmark of comparison is the NASDAQ U.S. Broad Dividend Achievers Index. The portfolio team utilizes fundamental, valuation, and technical analysis to tactically shift between stock sectors to capture the benefits from both fundamental valuation and yield changes and price momentum.  Taxable Fixed Income – The portfolio employs an active management discipline that strives for low volatility and enhanced risk-adjusted returns through duration positioning, sector allocation, and security selection. The portfolio is built around a long-term strategic allocation that typically includes investments in high quality, investment grade corporate notes/bonds, mortgage-backed securities, federal agency securities, and U.S. Treasuries. The benchmark of comparison comprises 1-10 year maturity investment-grade corporate notes/bonds, federal agency securities, and U.S. Treasuries.Tax-Exempt Fixed Income – The portfolio employs an active management discipline that strives for low volatility and enhanced after-tax returns through duration positioning, sector allocation, and security selection. The portfolio is built around a long-term strategic allocation that typically includes investments in high quality, A-rated or better general obligation and revenue bonds. The benchmark of comparison comprises 1-10 year maturity investment-grade municipal bonds issued by states throughout the U.S.Investments in various asset classes entail different investment risks. For example, small cap stocks tend to be more volatile than large or mid-cap stocks.  International and emerging markets stocks have exposure to currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, political instability and the possibility for illiquid markets.  Fixed income investments involve interest rate and credit risks among others. Real estate investing includes risks such as declines in value of real estate, changing economic conditions, tax laws or property taxes. Commodities’ investing is highly volatile and subject to changing economic conditions and the vagaries of speculators among other risks.  Further, diversification and strategic or tactical allocation do not assure profit or protect against loss in declining markets.




















Investment Commentaries — DT Investment Partners



















































Investment Commentaries2Q2017 Financial Market Commentary & 2017 Outlook.pdfThoughts on the State of Illinois and the Municipal Bond Market1Q2017 Financial Market Commentary & 2017 Outlook.pdf4Q2016 Financial Market Commentary & 2017 Outlook.pdf3Q2016 Financial Market Commentary.pdf 2Q2016 Financial Market Commentary.pdf Investment Commentary on Brexit - June 24 2016.pdf 1Q2016 Financial Market Commentary.pdf Global Economic and Financial Market Expectations 2016.pdf 4Q2015 Financial Market Commentary.pdf 3Q2015 Financial Market Commentary.pdf Financial Market Commentary - August 21, 2015.pdf Financial Markets Update - August 12, 2015.pdf 2Q2015 Financial Market Commentary.pdf 1Q2015 Financial Market Commentary.pdf Global Economic and Financial Market Expectations 2015.pdf




















DT Investment Partners





























































DT Investment Partners, LLCA privately-owned, SEC registered investment advisor, DT Investment Partners, LLC provides institutional-quality investment management services to the financial advisor community and for the retail, high net worth, and small foundation and endowment marketplace.Our MissionTo generate customized, client-focused investment solutions, deliver unparalleled service, and foster enduring client relationships.























DT Investment Partners LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback




























dt investment partners llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
DT Investment Partners, LLC operates as an investment management firm. The Company offers portfolio management and advisory services to individuals, institutions, trusts, private funds, charitable organizations, and investment companies. DT Investment Partners serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

Brandywine 5
1 Dickinson Drive, Suite 103
Chadds Ford, PA 19317
United States


Phone:
1-484-778-4425


Fax:
1-484-775-1295


Web url:
www.dtinvestmentpartners.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Jonathan D Smith


CEO/Chief Invsmt OFC/Co-Founder




Andrew C Zimmerman


Chief Invsmt Strategist/Partner




Daniel Neumann Mullen


Chief Compliance Officer




John L Blair


Mng Dir:Client Relations & Mktg




Erin Gebhart


Dir:Trading & Operations







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Dt Investment Partners LLC                                                                                               - Wilmington                                        , DE         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



DE



Wilmington



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            Dt Investment Partners LLC
                                    



 





















D 


Dt Investment Partners LLC                                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1013 CENTRE RD WILMINGTON, DE 19805
Get Directions



(302) 442-6203
www.dtinvestmentpartners.com                                                                            





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts Jonathan Smith                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Dt Investment Partners, LLC Reviews | Financial Advisory Firm






























































 

Dt Investment Partners, LLC


@dt_investment_partners_llc





			Rating: 0



1
2
3
4
5
Your Rating: 



0 Reviews - Submit Your Rating








Claim This Profile





 
 
		Info & Reviews
		



 
 
		Activity
		



 
 
		Answers
		


 



Dt Investment Partners, LLC Reviews & Info


Advisors that work at Dt Investment Partners, LLC	

Contact:


1013 Centre Rd - Suite 220
Wilmington, DE 19805
                    				




					Main Number: 302-594-1070				


 
Categories:
N/A


		 
	

Dt Investment Partners, LLC Review Highlights


TOTAL RECOMMENDATIONS
0



Recommend

0











Dt Investment Partners, LLC Reviews


No reviews found for Dt Investment Partners, LLC


					Be the first to write a review













Follow


0 Followers


0 Following







Ask Dt Investment Partners, LLC a Question
Send Dt Investment Partners, LLC a direct message


			This correspondence is public. Instead, send a direct message. 


			This is a direct message. Instead, ask a public question. 






or Sign In


Post my question
send message
140





Share or Get your friends opinion about Dt Investment Partners, LLC








Wallet Points 



Q&A
0


Followers
0


Misc
0


Total
0





						I'm Following
		
No users followed


Information on this page is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for any other purpose or advice. In addition, this information does not originate from us and thus, we do not guarantee its accuracy.
You can check the profile page of each professional or company to determine whether they are a paying advertiser (indicated by the word "sponsored"). Regardless of advertiser status, none of the listings, reviews, or other information on Wallet Hub constitutes, in any way, a referral or endorsement by us of the respective financial company or professional, or vice versa. Furthermore, it is important to note that the inclusion of a financial company or professional on Wallet Hub does not necessarily indicate their involvement with the site or control over the information that we display.  Information is displayed first and foremost for the benefit of consumers.



report abuse




Reviews













GET YOUR FREE CREDIT SCORE & REPORT 

Join WalletHub
+ 100% FREE
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

SIGN UP FOR FREE
No credit card needed










































 



 Investment Advisors Collaborate to Launch DT Investment Partners 
         










    










 






 











 









Investment Advisors Collaborate to Launch DT Investment Partners

Sep 27, 2011, 11:58 ET
		  		  					
						 from   DT Investment Partners, LLC 











 
















































 

 




















 


WILMINGTON, Del. and PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 27, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Chief Executive Officer Jonathan Smith (Berwyn, PA) announced today the official launch of DT Investment Partners, LLC (DTIP), a privately-owned, SEC registered investment advisor headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware. DT provides institutional-quality investment management services to the financial advisor community for the retail, high net worth, and small foundation and endowment marketplace. (www.dtinvestmentpartners.com)
The firm's principals have an extensive history serving as investment managers for individuals, families and institutions and have worked as a team since 2005, most recently with Daniels + Tansey in Wilmington. Prior to that, Smith served as CIO of Fixed Income for The Haverford Trust Company, where the firm's other principals also served in management roles. They collaborated with DeVon and Christopher Daniels to form DTIP, an affiliate of Daniels + Tansey, to focus solely on investment management activities such as developing optimized targets for asset allocation strategies and creating tactical overlays on those strategic targets. In addition, they provide taxable and municipal bond management through separate account structures. The firm will transition with assets under management in excess of $300 million. The principals' solid track record shows their ability to navigate tumultuous markets with less volatility. The investment process focuses on protecting on the downside and participating as markets rise. In addition to Mr. Smith, who also serves as the firm's CIO, other key personnel include:
Andrew Zimmerman, Chief Investment Strategist (Greenville, DE)Margaret Ritter, Senior Investment Manager (Drexel Hill, PA)John Blair, Managing Director of Client Relations & Marketing (Garnet Valley, PA)Daniel Mullen, Chief Compliance Officer (West Chester, PA) "Our firm is dedicated to providing clients with compelling risk-adjusted returns, while reducing portfolio volatility in periods of financial market stress," says Smith. "Strategies can be customized to meet a client's cash flow and liquidity needs, income requirements, risk tolerance, time horizon, and tax considerations."
DT Investment Partners is located at 1013 Centre Road, Suite 220, Wilmington, DE 19805. For more information, contact John Blair, Managing Director of Client Relations & Marketing, at 302.442.6203 or jblair@dtinvestmentpartners.com, or visit www.dtinvestmentpartners.com. 
 SOURCE  DT Investment Partners, LLC  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.dtinvestmentpartners.com/



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  





My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Dt Investment Partners, LLC | Wealthminder











































Dt Investment Partners, LLC


Dt Investment Partners, LLC
(CRD# 157646) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Chadds Ford, PA.
They
manage $678,350,034 in 1,239 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 2 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Dt Investment Partners, LLC




Brandywine Five, 1 Dickinson Drive, Suite 105,
Chadds Ford,
PA
19317
4847784425
http://www.dtinvestmentpartners.com




http://www.dtinvestmentpartners.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

678
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

1,239
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$547,498







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




DE, PA






Financial Advisors at Dt Investment Partners, LLC




Showing 1 - 3 of 3 top financial advisors.





1















Jonathan D. Smith



CRD#:
2655073



Brandywine Five, 1 Dickinson Drive, Suite 105,
Chadds Ford,
PA
19317




96

Wealthminder
score








Jonathan Smith (CRD# 2655073) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Dt Investment Partners, LLC in Chadds Ford, PA and has 
over 21 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















John L. Blair



CRD#:
3109469



Brandywine Five, 1 Dickinson Drive, Suite 105,
Chadds Ford,
PA
19317




93

Wealthminder
score








John Blair (CRD# 3109469) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Dt Investment Partners, LLC in Chadds Ford, PA and has 
over 18 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Andrew C. Zimmerman



CRD#:
5117248



Brandywine Five, 1 Dickinson Drive, Suite 105,
Chadds Ford,
PA
19317




87

Wealthminder
score








Andrew Zimmerman (CRD# 5117248) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Dt Investment Partners, LLC in Chadds Ford, PA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now

















Write or Find Wallet Hub Reviews



















 


































 
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews



















Latest Reviews

All Financial Companies & Professionals
Banks
Attorneys
Financial Advisors
Insurance Companies
Insurance Broker
Mortgage Companies
Mortgage Brokers












Popular Companies

































































































































































 











GET YOUR FREE CREDIT SCORE & REPORT 

Join WalletHub
+ 100% FREE
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

SIGN UP FOR FREE
No credit card needed














Jul 27, 2017 - DT Investment Partners, LLC Buys Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets, Exxon Mobil Corp, United Parcel Service Inc - GuruFocus.com 


















Jul 27, 2017 - DT Investment Partners, LLC Buys Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets, Exxon Mobil Corp, United Parcel Service Inc - GuruFocus.com Jul 27, 2017










Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 


























 How  to  use  GuruFocus  -  Tutorials
 What  Is  in  the  GuruFocus  Premium  Membership?
A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies

 insiderArticles 
Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		



DT Investment Partners, LLC Buys Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets, Exxon Mobil Corp, United Parcel Service IncJuly 27, 2017 |  About: 
VWO  +0%
UPS  +0%
PGF  +0%
VZ  +0%
T  +0%
MSFT  +0%
XOM  +0%
HON  +0%
JPM  +0% 









  Currently 0.00/512345  Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes)  


Subscribe
            via Email
Subscribe RSS





Comments


Please leave your comment:






More GuruFocus Links



Latest Guru Picks
Value Strategies


Warren Buffett Portfolio
Ben Graham Net-Net


Real Time Picks
Buffett-Munger Screener


Aggregated Portfolio
Undervalued Predictable


ETFs, Options
Low P/S Companies


Insider Trends
10-Year Financials


52-Week Lows
Interactive Charts


Model Portfolios
DCF Calculator


RSS Feed 
Monthly Newsletters


The  All-In-One Screener
Portfolio Tracking Tool










                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    





















→Performances of the stocks mentioned by  insider




→User
            Generated Screeners

liuzishuknown guru 12DBrizangordongwth 28Jul2017liuzishuconc&low turn guruliuzishuunder50guruTaekgyun Kovalue1liuzishudivgurufcfmailtoabhishekSpinoffsbargain_hunterFCF Undervalued Predictablemerknt84my59gebbbLFG EPS Based Value 2

→VWO Price Chart





$42.78 (1y: +15%)







 













Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK
























Our Professionals — DT Investment Partners



















































 Our Professionals 









Jonathan D. Smith Cfa, CFPMr. Smith is a co-founder, CEO, and Chief Investment Officer of DT Investment Partners, LLC. He is responsible for establishing DT Investment Partners’ long-term strategic asset allocation benchmarks based on proprietary optimization procedures. He also assists in implementing client asset allocation strategies and managing DT Investment Partners’ tax-free fixed income portfolios, is involved in establishing and cultivating relationships with financial advisors, and directs and monitors the company’s investment philosophy and process.

Read More










John L. BlairMr. Blair is a co-founder and Managing Director of Client Relations and Marketing for DT Investment Partners, LLC. He is responsible for developing and maintaining all aspects of client relationships for DT Investment Partners’ diverse client base that includes institutions, individuals and sub-advisory clients. In addition to his relationship management responsibilities, he directs sales and marketing efforts.

Read More




















 









 



















 







 







Daniel N. MullenMr. Mullen is Chief Compliance Officer for DT Investment Partners, LLC, overseeing all investment adviser related compliance.

Read More
 Andrew C. ZimmermanMr. Zimmerman is a co-founder and Chief Investment Strategist for DT Investment Partners, LLC. He is responsible for identifying tactical investment opportunities given the current investment landscape and working with DT Investment Partners’ Chief Investment Officer to implement such tactical decisions into client portfolios. He runs all technical analysis involved in the firm’s risk management processes, manages its taxable fixed income strategies, and has primary responsibility for its security selection decisions as they relate to the asset allocation strategies. 

Read More
Erin S. GebhartMs. Gebhart, Director of Trading and Operations, is responsible for assisting in the implementation of client asset allocation strategies and periodic portfolio rebalancing. Ms. Gebhart is in charge of all middle and back office operations related to asset management. She is one of the team’s primary traders and ensures that client portfolios are positioned to accurately reflect the model portfolios set forth by the investment team.   

Read More
Stacey A. SchebMs. Scheb, Executive Investment Sales Assistant, has the primary responsibility of supporting all of the firm’s new and existing advisors and client relationships.    Her role includes; oversight of multiple custodial relationships, relationship management and the monitoring of ongoing client accounts to ensure adherence with the client’s specific investment policy statement. 

Read More
Lingyao ChaoMs. Chao, Financial Operations Analyst, provides analytical support for financial operations management functions to ensure the accuracy and integrity of client data. Her responsibilities include financial and cash flow reporting, consolidated new account analysis, and all other aspects of tracking, reviewing and reporting functions needed to support the firm’s financial systems and tools. Ms. Chao received her Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees in Finance from the University of Delaware.  

Read More
Ryan OmensetterMr. Omensetter, Assistant Portfolio Manager, is responsible for managing the taxable and tax-free fixed income portfolios as well as implementing client asset allocation strategies. His primary responsibilities include security selection, trading and credit research for fixed income portfolios. He also serves as additional support for the firm’s Trading and Operations team. Prior to joining DT Investment Partners, LLC, he spent six years with Schroder Investment Management Inc. N.A. While at Schroders, Mr. Omensetter held roles on both the tax-exempt and taxable fixed income trading desks as a fund management assistant as well as a client specialist and research analyst. He is a graduate of the University of Scranton with a Bachelors of Science degree in Finance.

Read More
Megan HoyerMs. Hoyer, Sales & Marketing Coordinator, has the responsibility of supporting the firm’s sales and marketing team. Her roles include: processing new account activities, acting as a liaison to clients on various matters, managing the firm’s client relationship management system, partnering with the sales team to produce new leads and establish new relationships, and managing the firm’s website and online marketing efforts.  As with all professionals of DTIP, her primary goal is to continuously keep the needs of the client first and foremost.  

Read More





















Our Firm — DT Investment Partners



















































Our FirmDT Investment Partners, LLC is a privately-owned, SEC registered investment advisor. Our firm’s strength lies in the combined experience of our principals who serve as investment managers for individuals, families, and institutions.The firm’s Investment Management focus is to deliver above-market returns within well-defined risk parameters by combining vehicles that encompass the market’s systematic risk with tactical asset allocation decisions. We treat each investor as a unique opportunity to create value within a given set of risk and return parameters.The investment environment since 1995 has illustrated the need for four core elements of a successful client experience:















Transparency - Achieved by utilizing a proven and repeatable investment process that combines the best of fundamental and technical analysis in a separate managed account (SMA) structure.Diversification – Primarily utilize Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) to quickly and easily gain diversified market exposure for our tactical shifts as macroeconomic and technical conditions change.Liquidity – Primarily invest in publicly-traded securities which are traded on an exchange and can be bought and sold at any time during the trading day and settled within three business days.Independence – DT Investment Partners, LLC is not part of a larger umbrella organization such as a bank, insurance company, or broker-dealer. Therefore, our decisions will only be made to benefit our clients and strategic partners. As a registered investment advisor, we have a fiduciary responsibility to put clients’ best interests first.













