

Duke Energy Florida, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:15 AM ET
Electric Utilities

Company Overview of Duke Energy Florida, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Duke Energy Florida, LLC, a regulated public utility, generates, transmits, distributes, and sells electricity in Florida. It supplies electric service to approximately 1.8 million residential, commercial, and industrial customers covering an area of approximately 13,000 square miles. The company was founded in 1899 and is based in St. Petersburg, Florida. Duke Energy Florida, LLC is a subsidiary of Florida Progress Corporation.


299 First Avenue NorthSt. Petersburg, FL 33701United StatesFounded in 1899



Phone: 704-382-3853








Key Executives for Duke Energy Florida, LLC




Ms. Lynn J. Good


      	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 57
        







Mr. Steven K. Young


      	Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. R. Alexander  Glenn


      	State President
      


Age: 52
        







Mr. William E. Currens Jr.


      	Chief Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Controller
      


Age: 48
        







Mr. David J. Maxon


      	Senior Vice President of Delivery Operations
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Duke Energy Florida, LLC Key Developments

Duke Energy Florida LLC Reaches Settlement on Federal Suit over Calpine Plant Acquisition
Jan 19 17
Duke Energy Florida agreed to pay a $600,000 civil penalty after the federal government filed a lawsuit alleging the utility did not file for approval at the proper time when it acquired a gas-fired power plant. Duke Energy Florida LLC agreed to pay a $600,000 civil penalty after the federal government filed a lawsuit alleging the utility did not file for approval at the proper time when it acquired a gas-fired power plant. The Duke Energy Corp. subsidiary admitted no wrongdoing or liability as part of the settlement, but agreed to pay $600,000 to settle the case and avoid any uncertainty from ongoing litigation. At issue was Duke Florida's $166 million acquisition of the 590-MW Osprey Energy Center from a subsidiary of Calpine Corp., a deal that closed Jan. 3. Duke Florida sought antitrust approval for the acquisition from the Federal Trade Commission on Jan. 30, 2015. But the U.S. Justice Department said the company should have sought FTC approval four months earlier, when it signed a separate contract with the Calpine subsidiary to purchase power from Osprey while it awaited federal approval of the transaction. Duke Florida said it maintains that it sought federal approval on the correct date. The settlement remains subject to approval by the U.S. District Court in Washington D.C., and the penalty will not be included in customer rates.


Duke Energy Florida Announces Unaudited Sales and Operating Results for the Third Quarter and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
Nov 4 16
Duke Energy Florida announced unaudited sales and operating results for the third quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016. For the quarter, total electric sales were 12,440 GWh against 11,513 GWh a year ago.

For the nine months, total electric sales were 31,542 GWh against 30,788 GWh a year ago.

For the quarter, total electric energy generation was 10,435 GWh against 10,124 GWh a year ago.

For the nine months, total electric energy generation was 25,978 GWh against 27,234 GWh a year ago.


Duke Energy Florida Plans to Open 5-Megawatt Perry Solar Facility on Oct. 19, 2016
Oct 14 16
Duke Energy Florida plans to open 5-megawatt Perry Solar Facility on Oct. 19, 2016. The solar power plant is adjacent to Taylor County Elementary School, which presented a unique educational partnership opportunity for the company. Duke Energy Florida's Perry Solar Facility is the second in a strategic, long-range plan to install 35 megawatts of solar energy by 2018, and up to 500 megawatts of solar energy in the state by 2024, helping ensure residents have increasingly clean and diverse power sources. In addition to building universal solar in the Sunshine State, Duke Energy Florida is helping more than 100 residential and business customers per month install private solar on their property. The company also established a renewables service center to make it easier for customers to interconnect and is researching various community solar programs that offer all of customers the opportunity to support more solar generation in Florida.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 3 Phases Renewables, LLC United States Abacus Resources Energy, LLC United States Access Energy, LLC United States Adams Electric Cooperative, Inc. United States Adams-Columbia Electric Cooperative United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Duke Energy Florida, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Duke Energy Florida LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















duke energy florida llc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Utilities
Industry: Utilities
Sub-Industry: Integrated Utilities
Duke Energy Florida, LLC provides utility services. The Company generates, transmits, and distributes electricity. Duke Energy Florida operates in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

PO Box 14042
St Petersburg, FL 33733
United States


Phone:
1-727-443-2641


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.duke-energy.com





Board Members




Board Members
Company
































From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































	Market Report: Duke Energy Florida, LLC - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review

















































ABOUT US

• PUBLISHERS
• CONTACT US
• CART




Login | Register















All Industries
Business & Finance
-- Business
-- Financial Services
-- Insurance
-- Marketing
Consumer & Food
-- Beverages
-- Consumer Goods
-- Food
-- Retailing
Healthcare
-- Biotechnology
-- Healthcare
-- Medical Devices
-- Pharmaceuticals
Heavy Industry
-- Construction
-- Energy
-- Manufacturing
-- Materials
-- Transportation
Internet & Media
-- E-Business
-- Internet
-- Media
-- Publishing
Public Sector
-- Defense
-- Education
-- Government
Telecom & Computing
-- Computer Technology
-- Fixed Networks
-- Software
-- Wireless
Company/Country Reports
-- Company Reports
-- Country Reports
-- Regional Reports


 
            













                        Processing...




Duke Energy Florida, LLC - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review

     
                        Mar 29, 2016 - GlobalData 
                    
                - 36 pages 
                - USD $125 
         





Click here to open the POPUP


                        You've added the following report to your cart:CLOSE








Cart Summary



                                    Total Items: 
                                

                                    SubTotal: 
                                


    









Report Summary


Table of Contents


Companies


Request Details


Related







Duke Energy Florida, LLC - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review provides a comprehensive insight into the company's history, corporate strategy, business structure and operations. The report contains a detailed SWOT analysis, information on the company's key employees, key competitors and major products and services.This up-to-the-minute company report will help you to formulate strategies to drive your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better.Report ScopeBusiness description - A detailed description of the company's operations and business divisions.Corporate strategy - GlobalData's summarization of the company's business strategy.SWOT analysis - A detailed analysis of the company's strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats.Company history - Progression of key events associated with the company.Major products and services - A list of major products, services and brands of the company.Key competitors - A list of key competitors to the company.Key employees - A list of the key executives of the company.Executive biographies - A brief summary of the executives' employment history.Key operational heads - A list of personnel heading key departments/functions.Important locations and subsidiaries - A list of key locations and subsidiaries of the company, including contact details.Report HighlightsDuke Energy Florida, LLC (Duke Energy Florida), formerly Duke Energy Florida, Inc., a subsidiary of Duke Energy Corporation, is a regulated public utility that carries out the generation, transmission, distribution and sale of electricity in Florida. The company operates a diversified generation facilities utilizing coal, gas and oil. Duke Energy Florida's power generation portfolio includes, fully owned and jointly owned power generation facilities. It operates low voltage, medium voltage and high voltage lines across Florida. The company serves residential, commercial, industrial and wholesale customers. Duke Energy Florida is headquartered in St. Petersburg, Florida, the US.Duke Energy Florida, LLC Key Recent DevelopmentsMar 01, 2016: Duke Energy Florida receives state approval for rate reductionFeb 24, 2016: Duke Energy installing solar panels in Central FloridaFeb 08, 2016: Duke Energy Florida cuts rates for customersJan 15, 2016: Duke Energy powered up Florida with more than $3 million in grant funding in 2015Jan 08, 2016: Duke Energy offers a free energy efficiency program to income-eligible residents in the Orlando areaReasons to Get this ReportGain key insights into the company for academic or business research purposes. Key elements such as SWOT analysis and corporate strategy are incorporated in the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.Identify potential customers and suppliers with this report's analysis of the company's business structure, operations, major products and services and business strategy.Understand and respond to your competitors' business structure and strategies with GlobalData's detailed SWOT analysis. In this, the company's core strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats are analyzed, providing you with an up to date objective view of the company.Examine potential investment and acquisition targets with this report's detailed insight into the company's strategic, business and operational performance.Note: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company.
Table of ContentsTable of Contents 2List of Tables 4List of Figures 5Section 1 - About the Company 6Duke Energy Florida, LLC - Key Facts 6Duke Energy Florida, LLC - Key Employees 7Duke Energy Florida, LLC - Major Products and Services 8Duke Energy Florida, LLC - History 9Duke Energy Florida, LLC - Locations And Subsidiaries 12Head Office 12Section 2 - Company Analysis 13Duke Energy Florida, LLC - Business Description 13Duke Energy Florida, LLC - SWOT Analysis 14SWOT Analysis - Overview 14Duke Energy Florida, LLC - Strengths 14Strength - Business Model: Vertically-Integrated 14Strength - Operational Performance 14Strength - Support from Duke Energy 14Duke Energy Florida, LLC - Weaknesses 15Weakness - Allegations of Applying Unlawful Charges 15Weakness - Working Capital Deficit 15Duke Energy Florida, LLC - Opportunities 16Opportunity - Growth Initiatives 16Opportunity - Prospects for Growth in Demand for Electricity: the US 16Duke Energy Florida, LLC - Threats 17Threat - Competition 17Threat - Operational Risks 17Threat - Clean Power Plan by EPA 17Duke Energy Florida, LLC - Key Competitors 18Section 3 - Company's Power Financial Deals and Alliances 19Duke Energy Florida, LLC, Power, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016 19Duke Energy Florida, LLC, Power, Deals By Type, 2010 to YTD 2016 20Duke Energy Florida, LLC, Clean Technology, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016 21Duke Energy Florida, LLC, Clean Technology, Deals By Type, 2010 to YTD 2016 22Duke Energy Florida, LLC, Recent Deals Summary 23Section 4 - Company's Recent Developments 24Mar 01, 2016: Duke Energy Florida receives state approval for rate reduction 24Feb 24, 2016: Duke Energy installing solar panels in Central Florida 25Feb 08, 2016: Duke Energy Florida cuts rates for customers 26Jan 15, 2016: Duke Energy powered up Florida with more than $3 million in grant funding in 2015 27Jan 08, 2016: Duke Energy offers a free energy efficiency program to income-eligible residents in the Orlando area 28Dec 03, 2015: PSC Finalizes 2016 Cost Recovery for Florida Electric Utilities 30Nov 17, 2015: PSC Approves Crystal River 3 Nuclear Plant Financing 31Oct 22, 2015: Get plugged into vendor opportunities with the Citrus County combined-cycle natural gas plant project 32Oct 15, 2015: Duke Energy to add second solar project for its "Sunshine State" customers 33Oct 15, 2015: Nuclear Cost Recovery Hearing Set for Monday 34Section 5 - Appendix 35Methodology 35About GlobalData 35Contact Us 35Disclaimer 35List of TablesDuke Energy Florida, LLC, Key Facts 6Duke Energy Florida, LLC, Key Employees 7Duke Energy Florida, LLC, Major Products and Services 8Duke Energy Florida, LLC, History 9Duke Energy Florida, LLC, Key Competitors 18Duke Energy Florida, LLC, Power, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016 19Duke Energy Florida, LLC, Power, Deals By Type, 2010 to YTD 2016 20Duke Energy Florida, LLC, Clean Technology, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016 21Duke Energy Florida, LLC, Clean Technology, Deals By Type, 2010 to YTD 2016 22Duke Energy Florida, LLC, Recent Deals Summary 23Units 35List of FiguresDuke Energy Florida, LLC, Power, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016 19Duke Energy Florida, LLC, Power, Deals by Type, 2010 to YTD 2016 20Duke Energy Florida, LLC, Clean Technology, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016 21Duke Energy Florida, LLC, Clean Technology, Deals by Type, 2010 to YTD 2016 22
Companies Mentioned in this ReportSolarCity CorporationGulf Power CompanyFlorida Public Utilities CompanyTampa Electric CompanyFlorida Power & Light Company
This report does not have a press release associated with it









Order Today!

FORMAT: Single User PDF - Delivered by Email 
$125  USD
LICENSE: Single User 
DELIVERY: By Email - 1 Business Day


























The Fast Market Research Advantage

Only the Best
            All of our research is sourced from the most trusted and established global analysts and consultancies
Client Focused
            From start-ups to multinationals, we focus on providing the right research to our diverse client base
Shop Securely
            Our US-based customer service team and eCommerce systems adhere to the highest data security standards
Industry-leading Customer Support
            Individualized assistance from our expert staff is never more than an email or phone call away




BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We are committed to providing the best research at the lowest cost.  We will match any published price for the same report, guaranteed!



EASY ORDERING
Once you’ve found the right report, click ‘order now’ and complete the checkout process
using any major credit card, check or wire/bank transfer.Need multi-user or enterprise license pricing?  Contact us for a custom quote!
                  




About the Publisher
GlobalData is a leading provider of global business intelligence including market, competitor, product and customer information. It provides in-depth research, analysis, data and forecasts through a range of interactive online databases, reports and management briefings. GlobalData has a large team of experienced research and analysis, consulting, and marketing experts. It has a global presence, including key offices in the US, Europe and Asia. The group has over 50 years of experience of delivering market intelligence data and analysis and a highly experienced senior management team.

Publisher Details







Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FLASHALERTS


Copyright &copy 2017 Fast Market Research, Inc.

















