

	PANSCOPE Trademark of Dunbar, David M.. Serial Number: 76431304 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Medical Instrument Products
PANSCOPE










 
Get FREE email alerts













PANSCOPE  Trademark Information
 Dunbar, David M.
Medical stethoscope with a light source




Perfect for these industries

Medical Instrument Products





Words that describe this mark
medical   stethoscope   light   source    
                                    




This is a brand page for the PANSCOPE trademark by Dunbar, David M. 
                                in Clermont, FL, 34711.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this PANSCOPE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Dunbar, David M. of the PANSCOPE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the PANSCOPE trademark.
                           






On Monday, July 15, 2002,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        PANSCOPE by 
                        Dunbar, David M., Clermont, FL  34711.
                        The USPTO has given the PANSCOPE 
                        trademark serial  number of  76431304.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for PANSCOPE is 
                        
                        
                                            DAVID M. DUNBAR of 
                                            13011 SUGARBLUFF RD.,  CLERMONT FL 34711,  
                                .
                            The PANSCOPE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Medical Instrument Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for PANSCOPE 
                            is Medical stethoscope with a light source. 
                            





Word mark:
 PANSCOPE


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

2/11/2011



  Serial Number:  
76431304


  Filing Date:  
7/15/2002


 Registration Number:  
2860952 


 Registration Date:  
7/6/2004


 Goods and Services: 
Medical stethoscope with a light source


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
7/1/2003


Last Applicant/Owner:

Dunbar, David M.Clermont, FL  34711
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing with Words in Stylized form


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


DAVID M. DUNBAR
13011 SUGARBLUFF RD.
CLERMONT FL 34711







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (010) - Surgical, medical, dental, and veterinary apparatus and instruments, artificial limbs, eyes, and teeth; orthopedic articles; suture materials.


First Use Anywhere: 
7/15/2003


First Use In Commerce: 
4/15/2004





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your PANSCOPE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

2/11/2011
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



DAVID M. DUNBAR


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of PANSCOPE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search panscope on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for PANSCOPE 




PANSCOPE is providing Medical stethoscope with a light source.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 






















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















 




Dunbar Armored, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:05 AM ET
Commercial Services and Supplies

Company Overview of Dunbar Armored, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Dunbar Armored, Inc. provides cash management, logistics, and loss prevention solutions worldwide. It offers security and cash management solutions; armored transportation services; armored transport logistics of precious metals, diamonds and gems, pharmaceuticals, and electronic media; diamond and jewelry show services, including transporting diamond and jewelry products for manufacturers, wholesalers, and designers; and overnight domestic services for precious metals, precious stones, pharmaceuticals, ID/smart cards, credit cards, security paper and ink, and foreign currency and securities. The company also provides armored air and ground transportation services; Dunbar Valu-Trak, a web-ba...
Dunbar Armored, Inc. provides cash management, logistics, and loss prevention solutions worldwide. It offers security and cash management solutions; armored transportation services; armored transport logistics of precious metals, diamonds and gems, pharmaceuticals, and electronic media; diamond and jewelry show services, including transporting diamond and jewelry products for manufacturers, wholesalers, and designers; and overnight domestic services for precious metals, precious stones, pharmaceuticals, ID/smart cards, credit cards, security paper and ink, and foreign currency and securities. The company also provides armored air and ground transportation services; Dunbar Valu-Trak, a web-based portal for consolidated cash management data; Dunbar D-Trak, a barcode scanning technology; Dunbar Veri-Trak, a cash management solution; Dunbar web Ordering for order processing; Dunbar Global-Trak for tracking shipments online; Dunbar Cash-Aware for 3G wireless reporting; and Dunbar online Invoicing for accessing invoices. In addition, it offers security products; guard services; virtual banking and cash vault services; and cash management solutions, which include cash replenishment and settlement, deposit sweeps, automated ordering and reporting, emergency cash service, and conversion project management for automated teller machine network. It serves sectors, such as financial institutions, industrial and manufacturing facilities, warehouses, retail and commercial establishments, shopping malls, office buildings, college campuses, court houses, government facilities, detention centers, health care facilities, passenger terminals, parking lots and garages, trade shows, and residential sites; and sporting events, concerts, and festivals. Dunbar Armored, Inc. was formerly known as Federal Armored Express, Inc. and changed its name to Dunbar Armored, Inc. in January, 1996. The company was founded in 1923 and is based in Hunt Valley, Maryland.
Detailed Description


50 Schilling RoadHunt Valley, MD 21031United StatesFounded in 1923



Phone: 410-229-1764

Fax: 410-229-1765








Key Executives for Dunbar Armored, Inc.




Mr. Kevin R. Dunbar


      	Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. James L. Dunbar Sr.


      	Founder and Chairman
      


Age: 88
        







Mr. Sean P. Gibbons


      	Vice President of Corporate Communications
      








Mr. Steve Ferguson


      	Director of Global Sales and Marketing
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Dunbar Armored, Inc. Key Developments

Dunbar Armored Partners with Wincor Nixdorf to Deliver Coin and Currency Recycling with New ‘Dunbar Cash Office’ Product Line
Jan 12 16
Dunbar Armored partnered with Wincor Nixdorf to deliver coin and currency recycling to customers via Dunbar Cash Office, a new Dunbar Cash Manager Safe product line. Dunbar will unveil CM2900, the first coin and currency recycling smart safe within Dunbar Cash Office. Dunbar Cash Office is designed to reduce the cost of point of sale (POS) till management in the retail store environment. Unlike other recycling offerings in the marketplace, the product line can profitably support small stores. Beginning with the CM2900 smart safe, Dunbar Cash Office provides easy-to-use, turnkey retail cash management automation for stores accepting up to $25,000 cash per week. The new Cash Office product line focus is to decrease cash handling costs, increase cash control and improve cash flow. The new CM2900 is optimized for customers managing locations with 3 to 5 POS terminals and will automate and manage a store's entire coin and currency needs through an affordable, all-inclusive service package. Until now, recycling of coins and currency was found exclusively in big cash rooms, but Dunbar Cash Office products will deliver that same efficiency to retailers of all sizes. Dunbar Cash Office extends Dunbar's existing Cash Manager Safe offerings, which simplify deposits by reducing labor costs, shortening checkouts and mitigating risks of theft and loss for retail customers. All Cash Manager Safes feature cellular connectivity, enabling customers to reconcile deposits with their banks and providing them with daily advanced access to store deposit credit. Deposit automation has been widely adopted by Dunbar Cash Manager Safes customers because it reduces their cost of cash handling.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 $1 Energy Fund, Inc. United States 1 Class Corp United States 1 Solution Corp United States 1-800 Junk-USA United States 100 Pablo, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Dunbar Armored, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Self Publishing, Book Printing and Publishing Online - Lulu


































































                                        All
                                    

                                        Bookstore
                                    

                                        Knowledge Base
                                    















Shop



        Hmmm, we can't find this product, but we have many other great offerings!        
Continue Shopping



You may be interested in these great products:









                        Taking P.R.I.D.E.
            

By Dr. G. Michael Durst 

            Paperback:        

$20.00







                                    You Can Beat Prostate...
                    

By Robert J. Marckini 

            Paperback:        

$20.00







                                    The 13 Critical Tasks...
                    

By Pete Gagliardi 

            Paperback:        

$15.24







                                    Emporium Workbook 4th...
                    

By Salah Abed                et al.    

            Paperback:        

$16.24







                                    Mr. Mosquito Stay Out of...
                    

By Victoria NaBozny Mayhugh 

            Paperback:        

$19.95













Age Verification Required









                                    Beginning and...
                    

By Tyler Wallace 

            Paperback:        

$38.24
$22.94







                                    Ghostly Tales of Two...
                    

By Patricia Martz Heyer 

            Paperback:        

$12.00
















Age Verification
The page you are attempting to access contains content that is not intended for underage readers.


Please verify your birth date to continue.



Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December


Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Year
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918


























Welcome to Lulu!
        We notice you are using a browser version that we do not support. For you to have the best experience on Lulu.com, we recommend using the current versions of Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or upgrading to Internet Explorer 9 		(or higher).
        Ok




 



David Dunbar Buick posters & prints by Anonymous















































☰ Menu

Images
Products








Log in

Basket: 0 items












Popular
Subjects
Artists
Collections


Prints
Canvases
Postcards
Greetings cards
Gift cards
















Fine art poster







Framed picture







Canvas







Postcard







Greetings card














David Dunbar Buick

Anonymous



Fine art poster
More products…



Amazing giclée print quality
280gsm thick fine art print paper
100+ year colour guarantee

    Dimensions:
    

 x cm overall ( x in)


 x cm image ( x in)







                        Fine art poster / XS: 35.5 x 28cm / none
                      

                        Fine art poster / S: 40 x 30cm / none
                      

                        Fine art poster / M: 50 x 40cm / none
                      

                        Fine art poster / L: 70 x 50cm / none
                      

                        Fine art poster / XL: 80 x 60cm / none
                      

                        Fine art poster / XXL: 100 x 70cm / none
                      

                        Fine art poster / XXXL: 120 x 100cm / none
                      




£14.95Special offer

                      Was .
                      You save £-14.95 (Liquid error: divided by 0%).
                    












Framed picture
More products…



Premium wooden frame with a thick bevel-cut mount
Fully strung, ready-to-hang
100+ year colour guarantee

    Dimensions:
    

 x cm overall ( x in)


 x cm image ( x in)







                        Framed picture / XS: 35.5 x 28cm / none
                      

                        Framed picture / S: 40 x 30cm / none
                      

                        Framed picture / M: 50 x 40cm / none
                      

                        Framed picture / L: 70 x 50cm / none
                      

                        Framed picture / XL: 100 x 70cm / none
                      



Select a frame


Black frame
White frame
Natural frame
Dark brown frame
Gold frame
Silver frame





£14.95Special offer

                      Was .
                      You save £-14.95 (Liquid error: divided by 0%).
                    













Canvas
More products…



400gsm artist grade cotton
Giclée fine art print
100+ year colour guarantee
European kiln-dried knotless pine

    Dimensions:
    

 x cm overall ( x in)


 x cm image ( x in)







                        Canvas / XS: 30cm / Stretched
                      

                        Canvas / S: 40cm / Stretched
                      

                        Canvas / M: 60cm / Stretched
                      

                        Canvas / L: 80cm / Stretched
                      

                        Canvas / XL: 100cm / Stretched
                      

                        Canvas / XS: 30cm / Float frame
                      

                        Canvas / S: 40cm / Float frame
                      

                        Canvas / M: 60cm / Float frame
                      

                        Canvas / L: 80cm / Float frame
                      

                        Canvas / XL: 100cm / Float frame
                      

                        Canvas / XS: 30cm / Rolled
                      

                        Canvas / S: 40cm / Rolled
                      

                        Canvas / M: 60cm / Rolled
                      

                        Canvas / L: 80cm / Rolled
                      

                        Canvas / XL: 100cm / Rolled
                      



Select a frame


Black float frame
White float frame
Brown float frame





£14.95Special offer

                      Was .
                      You save £-14.95 (Liquid error: divided by 0%).
                    














Postcard
More products…



Printed on 320gms thick watercolour paper
Blank reverse for your own message

    Dimensions:
    

 x cm overall ( x in)


 x cm image ( x in)







                        Postcard / Standard: 14.8 x 10.5cm / Single
                      

                        Postcard / Standard: 14.8 x 10.5cm / 4-pack
                      

                        Postcard / Standard: 14.8 x 10.5cm / 8-pack
                      

                        Postcard / Standard: 14.8 x 10.5cm / 16-pack
                      

                        Postcard / Large: 21 x 14.8cm / Single
                      

                        Postcard / Large: 21 x 14.8cm / 4-pack
                      

                        Postcard / Large: 21 x 14.8cm / 8-pack
                      

                        Postcard / Large: 21 x 14.8cm / 16-pack
                      




£14.95Special offer

                      Was .
                      You save £-14.95 (Liquid error: divided by 0%).
                    












Greetings card
More products…



Printed on 320gms thick watercolour paper
Blank inside for your own message
Supplied with envelopes & protective cellophane sleeves

    Dimensions:
    

 x cm overall ( x in)


 x cm image ( x in)







                        Greetings card / Standard: 14.8 x 10.5cm / Single
                      

                        Greetings card / Standard: 14.8 x 10.5cm / 4-pack
                      

                        Greetings card / Standard: 14.8 x 10.5cm / 8-pack
                      

                        Greetings card / Standard: 14.8 x 10.5cm / 16-pack
                      

                        Greetings card / Large: 21 x 14.8cm / Single
                      

                        Greetings card / Large: 21 x 14.8cm / 4-pack
                      

                        Greetings card / Large: 21 x 14.8cm / 8-pack
                      

                        Greetings card / Large: 21 x 14.8cm / 16-pack
                      




£14.95Special offer

                      Was .
                      You save £-14.95 (Liquid error: divided by 0%).
                    

















Fine art poster







Framed picture







Canvas







Postcard







Greetings card





Image information









Add to wishlist


















Share on Twitter





Close




Our prints
We use a 280gsm fine art paper and premium branded inks to create the perfect reproduction.Our expertise and use of high-quality materials means that our print colours are independently verified to last between 100 and 200 years.Read more about our fine art prints.


Our framed prints
Every framed picture is created by hand in our workshop by specialist framers.Black, white, brown, silver, gold or natural frames available, supplied ready to hang.All our frames have a smooth satin finish, and measure 20mm (front face) by 23mm (depth from wall).Read more about our framed art prints.


Our canvases
Luxurious 400gsm artist-grade canvas with a subtle textured finish, guaranteeing a consistent reproduction of the image's detail with outstanding clarity and precision.All our frames and canvas stretcher bars are created from a solid piece of pine sourced from sustainable European forests.Read more about our canvas prints


Our postcards
Send to your friends & family, or keep them for yourself - our 320gsm postcards make great little pieces of art, either on their own or combine many cards into a single display.Discounts on postcard packs of 4, 8 or 16.Standard postcards are 10 x 15cm (4 x 6 inches); our larger cards are 15 x 21cm (6 x 8 inches).


Our greetings cards
Send some art to your friends & family - for a birthday, an invitation or just because.All greetings cards are supplied blank for your own message with a blank white envelope.Standard greetings cards are 10 x 15cm (4 x 6 inches); our larger cards are 15 x 21cm (6 x 8 inches).


Manufactured in the UK
All products are created in our Surrey print factory in the UK, and we are the trusted printing partner of many high profile and respected art galleries and museums.We are proud to have produced over 1 million prints for hundreds of thousands of customers.


Delivery & returns
We print everything to order so delivery times may vary but
        all unframed prints are despatched within 2-4 days via courier or recorded mail.
all framed pictures are despatched within 5-7 days via courier or recorded mail.
all canvases are despatched within 5-7 days via courier or recorded mail.
all postcards are despatched within 1-3 days.
all greetings cards are despatched within 1-3 days.

Delivery to the UK is
        £5 for an unframed print of any size.
£10 for a single framed print.
£10 for a single canvas (£5 for our rolled canvases).
£1 for a single card, up to £4 for a pack of 16.
£1 for a single card, up to £4 for a pack of 16.

We will happily replace your order if everything isn’t 100% perfect.



Product images of  David Dunbar Buick













































Product details David Dunbar Buick


David Dunbar Buick

Anonymous

David Dunbar Buick. Originally born in Arbroath, Scotland, his family emigrated to America when he was two years old. In 1903 he formed the company Buick Manufacturing Company. By 1908 it had become the No.1 producer of automobiles in America surpassing the combined production of Ford and Cadillac. Due to financial difficulties it was incorporated into General Motors (GM) Conglomerate in 1908.


Image ref: 1193197
National Motor Museum / Heritage Images





Find related images


zoom


Discover more

More by the artist 






Anonymous.


Explore the collection
      
        National Motor Museum.
      
      


Search for similar fine art prints

America
American
Buick
Buick Manufacturing Company
car industry
Color
colour
colour photograph
company
country
David Dunbar
David Dunbar Buick
figurative photography
guy
industry
keywording.com
location
Male
man
men
National Motor Museum
people
photograph
portrait
United States
United States of America
USA
more





Products for David Dunbar Buick






Fine art poster







Framed picture







Canvas







Postcard







Greetings card








Recently viewed


Clear history































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Dunbar David R Betty L                                                                                                   - Lilburn                                           , GA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



GA



Lilburn



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Dunbar David R Betty L
                                    



 





















D 


Dunbar David R Betty L                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



5730 DOVNICK DR SW LILBURN, GA 30047
Get Directions



(770) 564-2384
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $96,501.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts David Dunbar                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Dunbar David R Betty L                                                                                                   was founded in 2010. Dunbar David R Betty L                                                                                                   specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















 






Standex Names David Dunbar President and Chief Executive Officer | Standex Investor Center


































About
Segments
InvestorsGovernance










Home | Contact

















 



Home Newsroom News Releases General Standex Names David Dunbar President and Chief Executive Officer

 


Login


SIGN UP FOR STANDEX INVESTOR EMAIL ALERTS Sign Up
 




Corporate Overview
News Releases
Events & Presentations
Annual Reports & Proxy Materials
Quarterly Results
Governance Home
SEC Filings
Analyst Coverage
Investor FAQs
Stock Information
Contact IR
 


Search Investor Center




Search this site: 











Advanced Search 


Investor Resources





Registration
Login
Media Requests
Email Alerts
RSS Feeds
 






Investor Contacts

Thomas DeByle Chief Financial Officer 11 Keewaydin Drive Salem, NH 03079 603-893-9701 email: Investorrelations@standex.com 


 



              Standex Names David Dunbar President and Chief Executive Officer            







       Successful P&L Leader with Experience at Pentair, Tyco International,        Emerson Electric and Honeywell International Brings Standex Proven        Expertise in Sales, Marketing and Product Development and Strong Record        of Driving Profitable Growth      






      Category:          

General 



    Wednesday, December 18, 2013 8:30 am EST  



      Dateline:          




                    SALEM, N.H.        






EmailPDFPrintRSS 



      Public Company Information:          




NYSE:SXI 







  "On behalf of the Standex board of directors, I am delighted to welcome        David Dunbar as Standex International’s next president and CEO" 



SALEM, N.H.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Standex International Corporation (NYSE:SXI) today announced that 
      its board of directors has appointed David A. Dunbar as president and 
      CEO and member of the board of directors, effective January 20, 2014. 
      Dunbar succeeds Roger L. Fix who, as previously announced, will become 
      nonexecutive chairman of the board coincident with current chairman 
      Edward J. Trainor stepping down from that position. Dunbar currently 
      serves as president of the Valves and Controls global business unit at 
      Pentair Ltd. He was appointed to that position in 2009 by Tyco Flow 
      Control prior to its merger with Pentair in 2012.
    

      “On behalf of the Standex board of directors, I am delighted to welcome 
      David Dunbar as Standex International’s next president and CEO,” said 
      chairman Trainor. “After an exhaustive and far-reaching search process, 
      the board unanimously concluded that David is the candidate best suited 
      to taking the company to its next level of growth and profitability. He 
      brings Standex an outstanding record of driving organic and 
      acquisition-based growth at large, complex manufacturing businesses 
      focused on highly engineered industrial products, as well as 
      multi-billion dollar P&L leadership experience in companies with a 
      significant global presence. We are optimistic about Standex’s future 
      prospects under David’s leadership and look forward to working closely 
      with him.1 In addition, I once again extend our appreciation 
      to Roger Fix for his 12 years of dedicated service to Standex and our 
      congratulations on his elevation to the position of chairman of the 
      board.”
    

      Roger Fix said, “Serving Standex as president and CEO has been a great 
      pleasure and the highlight of my career. I again would like to thank the 
      board, management team, and our employees around the world for their 
      hard work and support these past 12 years. Their efforts have been 
      critical to our many accomplishments and in setting the stage for even 
      greater future success. I look forward to assisting David Dunbar, 
      introducing him to our worldwide team and to ensure that we continue to 
      build on our current momentum while effecting a smooth leadership 
      transition.1 In addition, on behalf of my fellow directors I 
      extend our sincere thanks to Ted Trainor for his many years of valuable 
      leadership as CEO and then chairman of the board of directors.”
    

      David Dunbar said, “I am honored to be selected to lead Standex and 
      enthusiastic about the opportunities ahead for accelerating the 
      company’s growth. I look forward to working with the board of directors, 
      management team and Standex employees around the world to capitalize on 
      the company’s enormous potential and extend its proud record of 
      achievement and success.”
    

About David A. Dunbar


      David Dunbar, 52 currently serves as president of the Valves and 
      Controls global business unit at Pentair Ltd. He was appointed to that 
      position in 2009 by Tyco Flow Control, prior to its merger with Pentair 
      in 2012. He previously held a number of senior positions at Emerson 
      Electric Co., including president, Emerson process management Europe, 
      president, Machinery Health Management, and president, Emerson Climate 
      Technologies Refrigeration unit. Prior to Emerson Electric, Dunbar 
      served in numerous industrial automation and control business roles at 
      Honeywell International Inc., beginning as a manufacturing strategy 
      product leader in Europe and culminating in the leadership of 
      Honeywell’s industrial automation and controls sales and services 
      business in the western United States. Dunbar earned Master’s and 
      Bachelor’s of Science Degrees in Electrical Engineering from Stanford 
      University.
    

About Standex


      Standex International Corporation is a multi-industry manufacturer in 
      five broad business segments: Food Service Equipment Group, Engineering 
      Technologies Group, Engraving Group, Electronics Products Group, and 
      Hydraulics Products Group with operations in the United States, Europe, 
      Canada, Australia, Singapore, Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, Turkey, South 
      Africa, India and China. For additional information, visit the Company's 
      website at www.standex.com.
    

1 Safe Harbor Language


      Statements in this news release include, or may be based upon, 
      management's current expectations, estimates and/or projections about 
      Standex's markets and industries. These statements are forward-looking 
      statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation 
      Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may materially differ from those 
      indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of certain 
      risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. 
      Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ are the 
      impact of implementation of government regulations and programs 
      affecting our businesses, unforeseen legal judgments, fines or 
      settlements, uncertainty in conditions in the financial and banking 
      markets, general domestic and international economy including more 
      specifically increases in raw material costs, the ability to substitute 
      less expensive alternative raw materials, the heavy construction vehicle 
      market, the ability to continue to successfully implement productivity 
      improvements, increase market share, access new markets, introduce new 
      products, enhance our presence in strategic channels, the successful 
      expansion and automation of manufacturing capabilities and 
      diversification efforts in emerging markets, the ability to continue to 
      achieve cost savings through lean manufacturing, cost reduction 
      activities, and low cost sourcing, effective completion of plant 
      consolidations, successful completion and integration of acquisitions 
      and the other factors discussed in the Annual Report of Standex on Form 
      10-K for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2013, which is on file with the 
      Securities and Exchange Commission, and any subsequent periodic reports 
      filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In 
      addition, any forward-looking statements represent management's 
      estimates only as of the day made and should not be relied upon as 
      representing management's estimates as of any subsequent date. While the 
      Company may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in 
      the future, the Company and management specifically disclaim any 
      obligation to do so, even if management's estimates change.
    
 






      Contact:          




       Standex International CorporationThomas DeByle, CFO, 603-893-9701InvestorRelations@Standex.com 












 




Focused. Leadership.


Foodservice
Engineering
Engraving
Electronics
Hydraulics








      © Copyright 1998- Standex International Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
design by: Concentre Communications, Inc.®


Legal  |  Copyright


Business Wire InvestorHQsm




 



