    Deborah Dunie | Wisconsin Power and Light Company | ZoomInfo.com    Deborah Dunie | Wisconsin Power and Light Company | ZoomInfo.com










Top Buys by Directors: Dunie's $146.6K Bet on LNT - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Top Buys by Directors: Dunie's $146.6K Bet on LNT


May 24, 2017, 01:52:42 PM EDT
By EnergyStockChannel.com, BNK Invest









































Shutterstock photo


The directors of a company tend to have a unique inside view into the business, so when directors make major buys, investors are wise to take notice. Presumably the only reason a director of a company would choose to take their hard-earned cash and use it to buy stock in the open market, is that they expect to make money - maybe they find the stock very undervalued, or maybe they see exciting progress within the company, or maybe both. So in this series we look at the largest insider buys by company directors over the trailing six month period, one of which was a total of $146.6K by Deborah B. Dunie, Director at Alliant Energy Corp (Symbol: LNT).   Purchased Insider Title Shares Price/Share Value   05/19/2017 Deborah B. Dunie Director 3,700 $39.61 $146,565.51      Dunie's average cost works out to $39.61/share. Shares of Alliant Energy Corp were changing hands at $41.20 at last check, trading up about 0.7% on Wednesday. The chart below shows the one year performance of LNT shares, versus its 200 day moving average:       Looking at the chart above, LNT's low point in its 52 week range is $34.88 per share, with $41.27 as the 52 week high point - that compares with a last trade of $41.20.    The current annualized dividend paid by Alliant Energy Corp is $1.26/share, currently paid in quarterly installments, and its most recent dividend ex-date was on 04/26/2017. Below is a long-term dividend history chart for LNT, which can be of good help in judging whether the most recent dividend with approx. 3.1% annualized yield is likely to continue.       LNT makes up 3.46% of the iShares Edge MSCI Multifactor Utilities ETF (Symbol: UTLF)   Click here to find out which other top insider   buys by company directors you need to know about » 



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Commodities





Referenced Symbols:

                                        LNT
                                    
, 

                                        UTLF
                                    












More from BNK Invest



Subscribe




10 ETFs With Stocks That Insiders Are Buying
Top 25 Broker Analyst Picks of the S&P 500
Decades of Increasing Payments: 25 S.A.F.E. Dividend Stocks














Related Commodities Articles




Subscribe







Technology Sector Update for 07/28/2017: MSFT, AAPL, IBM, CSCO, GOOGL, CY, INTC, AMZN


						7/28/2017 08:48 AM
					



Consumer Sector Update for 07/28/2017: WMT, MCD, DIS, CVS, KO, BOJA, EXPE, SBUX


						7/28/2017 08:48 AM
					



Never Again: Big Oil Is Back And Practicing Caution


						7/28/2017 08:08 AM
					














Contributor:BNK Invest
Market News, Investing



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





LNT








100%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





























































 



 Deborah B. Dunie and Thomas F. O’Toole named to Alliant Energy Board of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Deborah B. Dunie and Thomas F. O'Toole named to Alliant Energy Board of Directors

Jul 27, 2015, 16:30 ET
		  		  							
						 from   Alliant Energy Corporation 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Alliant Energy is the parent company of two public utility companies--Interstate Power and Light Company (IPL) and Wisconsin Power and Light Company (WPL)--and of Alliant Energy Resources, Inc. (AER), the parent company of Alliant Energy's ...    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Alliant Energy is the parent company of two public utility companies--Interstate Power and Light Company (IPL) and Wisconsin Power and Light Company (WPL)--and of Alliant Energy Resources, Inc. (AER), the parent company of Alliant Energy's non-regulated operations.
 


 

 




 





 


MADISON, Wis., July 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Alliant Energy Corporation named Deborah B. Dunie and Thomas F. O'Toole as directors, effective today. Ms. Dunie most recently served as Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of CACI International Inc., an information solutions and services company in the government sector. Mr. O'Toole is Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer and President, MileagePlus of United Continental Holdings, Inc., a global air carrier.
"We're excited that Deb and Tom have joined our board of directors," said Patricia L. Kampling, Alliant Energy Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer.  "Deb's proficiency in the cybersecurity and I.T. areas and Tom's proven business leadership and marketing experience will make them valuable board members. We are pleased to welcome two highly qualified and experienced business professionals to the Alliant Energy family."
Ms. Dunie was with CACI International from 2006 to 2014. Prior to that, she served in various key information policy positions in government and private businesses such as the Department of Defense - Office of the Secretary of Defense, Oracle Corporation, Raytheon Company, Martin Marietta (now part of Lockheed Martin), General Electric and ITT Corporation. In 2015, she joined the board of directors of Science Applications International Corporation, an engineering and information technology provider.  
Mr. O'Toole has served in his current position with United Continental Holdings, Inc. since 2015 and has been with the global air carrier for over five years in senior marketing and related positions. Before his time at United, Mr. O'Toole led marketing for over 13 years at Hyatt Hotels Corporation, serving as Chief Marketing Officer, preceded by marketing leadership positions at Renaissance Hotels International and Stouffer Hotels.
Ms. Dunie and Mr. O'Toole will both stand for election at Alliant Energy's 2016 Annual Meeting as nominees for director to serve three-year terms expiring in 2019. Ms. Dunie will serve on the Compensation and Personnel Committee and the Safety, Environmental, Policy and Operations Committee. Mr. O'Toole will serve on the Audit Committee and the Safety, Environmental, Policy and Operations Committee.
Alliant Energy Corporation (NYSE:   LNT), headquartered in Madison, Wis., provides regulated electric and natural gas service to approximately one million electric and 420,000 natural gas customers in over 1,350 communities across Iowa, Wisconsin and Minnesota. Alliant Energy's mission is to deliver the energy solutions and exceptional service customers and communities count on – safely, efficiently, and responsibly. Interstate Power and Light Company and Wisconsin Power and Light Company are Alliant Energy's two public utility subsidiaries. For more information, visit alliantenergy.com.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20020405/LNTLOGO 
 
 SOURCE  Alliant Energy Corporation  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.alliantenergy.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Jul 29, 2015, 16:30 ET
Preview: Alliant Energy names Robert Durian Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller




















Jul 23, 2015, 17:04 ET
Preview: Alliant Energy Corporation Announces Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Release And Conference Call








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Jun 08, 2017, 19:27 ET
Alliant Energy Corporation Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings...














Jun 08, 2017, 19:27 ET
Alliant Energy Corporation declares common stock dividend














Jun 08, 2017, 19:27 ET
Alliant Energy Completes "At-the-Market" Equity Offering











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 













 







Deborah Dunie Joins SAIC's Board of Directors | SAIC













































 
































Technology Solutions

Big Data & Analytics
Cloud
Cybersecurity
IT Managed Services
Networks & Communications
Software & Mobility Services



Mission, SETA, & Program Support

Business & Mission Strategy
Systems Engineering




Simulation & Training

Simulation & Analysis
Training & Education



Crisis Management & Security

Force Protection
Critical Infrastructure
Security & Surveillance
Public Safety Communications




Logistics & Supply Chain

Commercial, Off-the-Shelf Facilities Maintenance
Product Support & Sustainment




Close





Federal Government

Contract Vehicles



National Security





Commercial




State & Local Government





Close





About SAIC

Core Values
Quality
Diversity
Citizenship
Leadership
Locations
Small Business
Alliance Portfolio
News & Media



Join Us

Why SAIC?
For Military Professionals
For Experienced Professionals
For Cleared Professionals
Apply to SAIC
College Recruiting




Investors

Analyst Coverage
Annual Reports
Calendar of Events
Corporate Governance
Dividend Information
Investor Alerts
News Releases
SEC Filings
Stock Information
Stockholder Resources



SAIC Employee Tools

Outlook Web Access
Deltek  T&E
Access ISSAIC
Service Desk
SAIC Benefits Information




Close











Home SAIC Investor Relations Deborah Dunie Joins SAIC's Board of Directors










































Click for more Stock Information


















              
											Deborah Dunie Joins SAIC's Board of Directors            
										




      Category:          

Leadership 



    Monday, February 23, 2015 8:08 am EST  



      Dateline:          




                    MCLEAN, Va.        






EmailPDFPrintRSS 



      Public Company Information:          




NYSE:SAIC 







  "Deb Dunie has over three decades of aerospace and defense industry        expertise on matters of national importance gained through her extensive        career with the Department of Defense and private industry" 




      Science Applications International Corp. (NYSE: SAIC) today announced 
      that Deborah B. Dunie has been appointed as a member of SAIC's board of 
      directors. Dunie will serve on SAIC's Human Resources and Compensation 
      Committee.
    

      "Deb Dunie has over three decades of aerospace and defense industry 
      expertise on matters of national importance gained through her extensive 
      career with the Department of Defense and private industry," said SAIC 
      Chairman Edward J. Sanderson, Jr. "When combined with her substantial 
      knowledge and ability to analyze state-of-the-art technologies and 
      information systems as they evolve, Deb will be a great addition to the 
      SAIC board."
    

      Dunie formerly served as executive vice president and chief technology 
      officer of CACI International Inc. from October 2006 until December 
      2014. Prior to CACI, she served within the Office of the Under Secretary 
      of Defense for Intelligence, Deputy Under Secretary for 
      Counterintelligence and Security and as Director of Plans and Analysis. 
      She also served as Director of the Business Transformation Office at the 
      National Imagery and Mapping Agency (now known as the National 
      Geospatial-Intelligence Agency). Dunie began her career as an engineer 
      at ITT Corp. and also had senior management positions at Martin Marietta 
      Corp., Raytheon Co. and Oracle Corp.
    

About SAIC


      SAIC is a leading technology integrator providing full life-cycle 
      services and solutions in the technical, engineering, and enterprise 
      information technology markets. SAIC's deep domain knowledge and 
      customer relationships enable the delivery of systems engineering and 
      integration offerings for large, complex government and commercial 
      projects. SAIC's approximately 13,000 employees serve customers in the 
      U.S. federal government, state/local, and global commercial markets, 
      specializing in providing a broad range of higher-end, differentiated 
      technical capabilities. Headquartered in McLean, Virginia, SAIC has 
      annual revenues of about $4 billion. For more information, visit http://www.saic.com/. 
      For ongoing news, please visit our newsroom.
    

Certain statements in this announcement constitute forward-looking 
      statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
      Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks and uncertainties and 
      a number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, 
      achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, 
      performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such 
      forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not 
      limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's Annual Report, Form 
      10-K and other such filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to 
      time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to 
      place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak 
      only as of the date hereof.



 






      Contact:          




       For further information:Media Contact:Lauren Presti,        703.676.8982,lauren.a.presti@saic.com        ;orInvestor Relations Contact:Paul Levi, 703.676.2283,paul.e.levi@saic.com 










 






Search this site: 









 

















 


 




















 



 Deborah Dunie Joins SAIC’s Board of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Deborah Dunie Joins SAIC's Board of Directors

Feb 23, 2015, 16:05 ET
		  		  								
						 from   SAIC 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







The next generation of SAIC    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




The next generation of SAIC
 


 

 




 





 


MCLEAN, Va., Feb. 23, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Science Applications International Corp. (NYSE:   SAIC) today announced that Deborah B. Dunie has been appointed as a member of SAIC's board of directors. Dunie will serve on SAIC's Human Resources and Compensation Committee.
"Deb Dunie has over three decades of aerospace and defense industry expertise on matters of national importance gained through her extensive career with the Department of Defense and private industry," said SAIC Chairman Edward J. Sanderson, Jr.  "When combined with her substantial knowledge and ability to analyze state-of-the-art technologies and information systems as they evolve, Deb will be a great addition to the SAIC board." 
Dunie formerly served as executive vice president and chief technology officer of CACI International Inc. from October 2006 until December 2014. Prior to CACI, she served within the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, Deputy Under Secretary for Counterintelligence and Security and as Director of Plans and Analysis. She also served as Director of the Business Transformation Office at the National Imagery and Mapping Agency (now known as the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency). Dunie began her career as an engineer at ITT Corp. and also had senior management positions at Martin Marietta Corp., Raytheon Co. and Oracle Corp.
About SAIC
SAIC is a leading technology integrator providing full life-cycle services and solutions in the technical, engineering, and enterprise information technology markets. SAIC's deep domain knowledge and customer relationships enable the delivery of systems engineering and integration offerings for large, complex government and commercial projects. SAIC's approximately 13,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. federal government, state/local, and global commercial markets, specializing in providing a broad range of higher-end, differentiated technical capabilities. Headquartered in McLean, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of about $4 billion. For more information, visit http://www.saic.com/.  For ongoing news, please visit our newsroom. 
Certain statements in this announcement constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks and uncertainties and a number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's Annual Report, Form 10-K and other such filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20131008/PH94180LOGO 
 SOURCE  SAIC  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.saic.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Mar 01, 2015, 19:15 ET
Preview: SAIC Enters Into Definitive Agreement To Acquire Scitor Corporation




















Feb 23, 2015, 07:50 ET
Preview: SAIC Awarded $62 Million Task Order By SPAWAR








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 






OIS Board of Directors | About Us












 






ProductsOIS Products OverviewCloud Computing and VirtualizationCommunications MiddlewarePhysical Modeling & SimulationProduct BrochuresIndustry-Specific SolutionsWhitepapersServicesProfessional Services OverviewTrainingMentoring/ConsultingCustom EngineeringSupportTech Support OverviewTech Support FormMarketsMarkets OverviewFinanceHigh AssuranceMedical DevicesMilitary and AerospaceProcess ControlRoboticsSoftware Defined RadioTelecom/DatacomTransportationCase Studies and Customer WinsPartnersPartner ProgramPartner DirectoryDistributorsOIS BlogAbout UsCorporate OverviewRequest for InformationNewsArticlesCareersSales and Procurement InformationContact Us

Joomla Slide Menu by DART Creations




 



 








Corporate OverviewManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsCorporate PhilosophyLocal HotelsRequest for InformationNewsArticlesCareersPositions AvailableInternshipsEmployee BenefitsOIS Careers ApplicationSales and Procurement InformationContact Us 





Board of Directors
Bill Beckwith
Bill Beckwith serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer of Objective Interface Systems, Inc. (OIS). Mr. Beckwith has guided the growth of OIS while playing a critical role in the development of cutting edge communications software products. Mr. Beckwith’s focus of strong emphasis on ethics, product quality, and customer success have positioned OIS as a global leader in secure, real-time communications software and hardware products with over 3,000 active customers using OIS technologies in more than $150 billion of mission critical systems around the world. His dedication to and support of the OIS team have attracted the world-class management and engineering talent that drives the intellectual engine creating and supporting the company's incredible products.
Mr. Beckwith has over 30 years’ experience in management, finance, engineering, and business development. Prior to OIS, his career included computer software and telecommunications companies including Interbase Software Corp., Systems Center Inc., UCCEL, Inc., STSC, Inc. and MCI Communications, Inc.
Mr. Beckwith received bachelor degrees in accounting and finance from Florida State University and has passed the Certified Public Accounting (CPA) exam. Mr. Beckwith studied computer science at George Washington University while in high school and competed in mathematics competitions.
Mr. Beckwith is the lead inventor on 8 international patents granted and more than 10 pending international patent applications.
Rhett Hernandez
Lieutenant General Hernandez retired following 39 years of distinguished service in the United States Army. He has led key organizational transformation initiatives for the Army during periods of significant crisis.
His last active duty assignment was as the first Commander of Army Cyber Command (ARCYBER), where he was responsible for the daily operations, defense and risk management of all Army networks with 1.2 million users, and when directed, conduct the full range of cyberspace operations. In addition to building a cyber-force of more than 17,000 people, he led the development of a wide range of concepts, plans and programs to minimize cyber risk and ensure Army operations.  As the Army’s lead for all cyberspace activity, he was responsible for cyber doctrine, training, leader development, organization, materiel and people. He developed strategic direction, requirements and an acquisition approach for all cyberspace operations in the Army.
Previously he served as the Deputy Chief of Staff, Army Operations; Chief, U.S. Military Training Mission, Saudi Arabia; and Commanding General, Human Resources Command. In all three positions, he was involved in key issues and decisions at the highest levels. In his role as the Deputy Chief of Staff, Army Operations, he oversaw Army operations worldwide, directed Army transformation efforts, co-chaired the programming and budget board, chaired the Army network modernization board, approved and prioritized Army requirements. As the Chief, Military Training Mission, Saudi Arabia, he was the senior defense official to the U.S. Ambassador. He led the largest security assistance program in the world, oversaw the Foreign Military Sales program, and strengthened the strategic military partnership and increased readiness and interoperability.
As the Commanding General of Human Resources Command, he directed the personnel management, from accession to retirement, for all soldiers and officers. He transformed personnel services and the management systems to support an Army at war.
Currently, he serves as the West Point Cyber Chair to the Army Cyber Institute, Director CyberSponse, President of CyberLens, LLC and is on a wide range of advisory boards. Rhett is a cyber-expert on leadership, human capital, cyber threats, strategic planning and enterprise risk management.  He is actively engaged in consulting, speaking and supporting start-ups to large organizations in the academic, government and industry sectors on key cyber topics.
Rhett holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the United States Military Academy, West Point, a Master of Science degree in Systems Engineering from the University of Virginia and a Masters of National Security Strategy from the National War College where he was named a distinguished graduate.  He was an Assistant Professor for Probability and Statistics at the United States Military Academy and has published articles on leadership and cyber topics.
Deborah B. Dunie
Deborah " Deb" Dunie brings over 30 years of senior level business experience through key executive positions with leading technology companies. Deb retired in 2015 as Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of CACI International, a worldwide information solutions and services provider. During her tenure at CACI she focused on driving the solutions/services portfolio, and was instrumental in identifying and closing 18 mergers/acquisitions aligned to the corporate growth strategy. Deb has demonstrated expertise in Cyber Security, Cloud, Mobility, Data Analytics and Intelligence. Widely quoted in industry publications, Deb was featured as the cover story for Washington Technology “Tech Gurus” in May 2011. Throughout her career, Deb focused extensively on developing corporate culture, leadership, talent and succession planning.
Prior to CACI, Deb was a member of the Department of Defense Senior Executive Service within the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. As principal advisor to the USD(I) she was responsible for providing executive leadership, guidance and reviews of DoD activities and programs as they related to U.S. national interests, defense policies, operational requirements and state-of-the-art technologies. Her portfolio included the multi-billion dollar Defense Intelligence IT budget.
In November 2006 Deb was awarded the Secretary of Defense Medal for Meritorious Civilian Service. Specific mention in the citation states, "Ms. Dunie was a driving force in transforming the Department of Defense and the Intelligence Community policies, guidance and standards. These efforts led to improvements in intelligence information sharing at the National level and Combatant Commander level in support of the Global War on Terrorism."
Prior to her work with the federal government, Deb was responsible for e-business solutions within the national intelligence solutions group at Oracle Corporation, guided the strategic direction of Raytheon E-Systems' Advanced Technology Program and was in charge of new and follow-on business development in advanced technologies at Martin Marietta/GE Aerospace.
She is a member and former Chair of the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association (AFCEA) International Technical Committee. She also is a member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Computer Society Industry Advisory Board, the Johns Hopkins Whiting School of Engineering Advisory Board, the George Mason University Volgenau School of Engineering Industry Advisory Board, the Tufts University Electrical and Computer Engineering Advisory Board, and the Washington CTO Roundtable Board of Directors.
Beginning in 2016, she has served on the faculty of the Director Professionalism Program of the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD). She mentors executives and is called upon to speak to boards about Strategic Growth and C-Suite Relations.
She earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from Tufts University in Medford, MA, and a Master of Electrical Engineering degree from Stevens Institute of Technology in Hoboken, NJ.
Steve Walker
Steven R. Walker serves as the General Counsel and Managing Director of the Board Advisory Services of the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD). In his Board Advisory Services role, Mr. Walker provides counsel to boards and C-suite executives on a wide range of strategic governance matters. He is a frequent public speaker on the topic of board governance, performance, composition and strategic impact. He has been designated a Board Leadership and Governance Fellow by NACD.
Prior to joining NACD, Mr. Walker has served as general counsel and senior executive to public and private entities ranging from private equity backed start-ups to Fortune 100 corporations in a variety of sectors, including managed healthcare, healthcare delivery, pharmaceuticals, life and health insurance, banking, securities, finance, funeral home/cemetery, and technology.
Mr. Walker has also served in the government sector as an Attorney-Advisor with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Division of Corporation Finance during the implementation of Sarbanes-Oxley. He was also Senior Counsel with the State of Florida Division of Banking, Finance, Securities and Investor Protection.
Mr. Walker is the past Co-Chair of the Securities and Governance Forum of the Association of Corporate Counsel Washington Metro Chapter. His current board service includes the Advisory Board of ContractRoom. His past board experience includes the Orange Bowl Committee, Association of Corporate Counsel-MI Chapter, American Cancer Society-Tampa, and Friends of the Gusman Center for the Performing Arts-Miami.
Mr. Walker is an alumnus of Florida State University where he earned his BS and JD degrees. He also completed post graduate studies at Oxford University and Emory University.
Jeffrey Chilton
Jeffrey Chilton serves as a Senior Product Architect for Objective Interface Systems, Inc. (OIS). Mr. Chilton has engineered core technology in every successful OIS product and has contributed to a variety of industry standards that are actively in use. He continues to provide leadership and core expertise to the OIS’s product development team.
Prior to OIS, Mr. Chilton led the design of a multi-platform distributed backup and archive system at UNITECH Software, Inc. He also designed and implemented a disk-based virtual drawing area extension to PC Paintbrush at ZSOFT Corporation. Mr. Chilton previously contributed to the core product development team at STSC, Inc. where he met Mr. Beckwith.
Mr. Chilton received a bachelor’s degree in computer science from University of Massachusetts and graduate computer science studies at University of Wisconsin. Mr. Chilton is the co-inventor on 5 international patents granted and 7 pending international patent applications. 


 




Copyright © 1996 - 2016 Objective Interface Systems, Inc.  All rights reserved. 

Terms and ConditionsSite Map 



