



Products | DuPont Capital Management











 










DuPont Capital

Contact Us
 
 




Products







Equity
Our Global Equity strategies combine quantitative and fundamental disciplines to systematically identify investment opportunities in various market segments. The strategies include Global Equity, EAFE Equity, Emerging Markets Equity, US Large Cap, US Large Cap Structured, US Mid Cap, US Small Cap, and US Structured Market Neutral. 

Learn More







Fixed Income
Our Global Fixed Income strategies use disciplined, value-based analysis directed at actively managing duration, yield curve exposure, sector allocation, country analysis and security selection. The strategies include:  Core, Core Plus, High Yield, Emerging Markets Debt, and Stable Value. 

Learn More







Private Markets
Our value based strategy seeks to acquire assets at prices below their intrinsic values by capitalizing on the inherent inefficiencies of the private markets.

Learn More




 
 












DuPont Capital Management











 










DuPont Capital

Contact Us
 
 



		 Give your
		investments
		  global reach
Watch the Video






Rooted in research and analytics
Independent and diverse investment teams working in collaboration to capture long-term alpha.

Learn More


 Emerging Markets Debt
We believe country selection is the key to successful, risk-managed investing in Emerging Markets Debt securities.

Watch the Video



 
 












About Us | DuPont Capital Management











 










DuPont Capital

Contact Us
 
 









About Us


 

DuPont Capital Overview
Our mission is to provide professional investment management services to our clients, using systematic, value-based strategies designed to achieve superior investment performance consistent with our clients’ objectives.

Watch the Video





At DuPont Capital we apply value-based global investment capabilities that combine valuation and risk control disciplines, within and across asset classes and international boundaries, designed to produce risk-efficient excess returns that satisfy our clients’ investment objectives.
DuPont Capital – Form ADV Part 2A (2017-04-12)



 
 















Quotient Investors LLC Has $327,000 Position in Tetra Tech, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTEK) | Daily Political










































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Tetra Tech Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tetra Tech Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Zoetis Inc. (ZTS) Position Maintained by Meyer Handelman Co.					

Quotient Investors LLC Invests $491,000 in AMN Healthcare Services Inc (NYSE:AMN)					

Meyer Handelman Co. Has $231,000 Stake in Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA)					

Vodafone Group PLC (VOD) Position Increased by Meyer Handelman Co.					

Integrated Device Technology, Inc. (IDTI) Stake Maintained by Quotient Investors LLC					

Meyer Handelman Co. Maintains Position in Pitney Bowes Inc. (NYSE:PBI)					

Incyte Corporation (INCY) Shares Bought by Gulf International Bank UK Ltd					

Meyer Handelman Co. Holds Stake in Harris Corporation (NYSE:HRS)					

Quotient Investors LLC Maintains Position in Unit Corporation (UNT)					

Quotient Investors LLC Has $327,000 Position in Tetra Tech, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTEK)					

Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Has $6.91 Million Stake in Sun Life Financial Inc. (NYSE:SLF)					

Quotient Investors LLC Has $374,000 Stake in Sanderson Farms, Inc. (SAFM)					

W.R. Grace & Co. (NYSE:GRA) Stake Maintained by Meyer Handelman Co.					

Cott Corporation (NYSE:COT) versus Steelcase (SCS) Financial Contrast					

Reviewing Clorox Company (The) (CLX) & WD-40 (WDFC)					

Fibria Celulose (FBR) versus Clearwater Paper Corporation (CLW) Head to Head Contrast					

Comparing Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) and Neonode (NEON)					

Quotient Investors LLC Has $379,000 Position in Omnicom Group Inc. (NYSE:OMC)					

FMC Corporation (NYSE:FMC) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $611.70 Million					

Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Has $7.25 Million Stake in Lam Research Corporation (LRCX)					





 





						Quotient Investors LLC Has $327,000 Position in Tetra Tech, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTEK)					

						 July 23rd, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Trevor Kearing 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Quotient Investors LLC continued to hold its stake in  Tetra Tech, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTEK) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 8,000 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Quotient Investors LLC’s holdings in Tetra Tech were worth $327,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of TTEK. Victory Capital Management Inc. bought a new stake in  Tetra Tech during the first quarter valued at about $185,000.  LS Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in  Tetra Tech by 117.6% in the first quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 4,872 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $199,000 after buying an additional 2,633 shares in the last quarter.  US Bancorp DE increased its position in  Tetra Tech by 69.9% in the first quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 5,416 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $221,000 after buying an additional 2,228 shares during the last quarter.  Cim Investment Mangement Inc. acquired a new position in  Tetra Tech during the first quarter worth approximately $249,000.  Finally, State of Alaska Department of Revenue increased its position in  Tetra Tech by 1.8% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 6,330 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $258,000 after buying an additional 110 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own  84.87% of the company’s stock. 
Tetra Tech, Inc. (NASDAQ TTEK) traded down 0.43% during trading on Friday, hitting $46.85. 165,444 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.68 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.72 and a beta of 1.02. Tetra Tech, Inc. has a 52 week low of $32.06 and a 52 week high of $47.75. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $46.15 and a 200-day moving average of $43.29. 




Tetra Tech (NASDAQ:TTEK) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The industrial products company reported $0.48 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.02. Tetra Tech had a net margin of 4.04% and a return on equity of 13.70%. The business had revenue of $511.95 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $491.60 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.37 earnings per share. Tetra Tech’s revenue was up 6.9% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities research analysts anticipate that  Tetra Tech, Inc. will post $2.22 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was  posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/23/quotient-investors-llc-has-327000-position-in-tetra-tech-inc-nasdaqttek.html. 
A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Tetra Tech from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, July 10th. Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $50.00 price objective on shares of Tetra Tech in a report on Friday, July 7th. BidaskClub downgraded shares of Tetra Tech from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, June 21st. Canaccord Genuity  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $52.00 price objective on shares of Tetra Tech in a report on Wednesday, June 7th. Finally, Sidoti  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $58.00 price objective (up from $55.00) on shares of Tetra Tech in a report on Sunday, May 14th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $47.89.
In other Tetra Tech news, CFO Steven M. Burdick sold 16,750 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $44.87, for a total transaction of $751,572.50. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Dan L. Batrack sold 1,117 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $45.00, for a total transaction of $50,265.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 214,128 shares in the company, valued at $9,635,760. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 354,464 shares of company stock worth $16,197,699 over the last quarter. Corporate insiders own  3.80% of the company’s stock. 
Tetra Tech Company Profile
Tetra Tech, Inc is a provider of consulting, engineering, program management, construction management, and technical services. The Company’s segments include Water, Environment and Infrastructure (WEI), Resource Management and Energy (RME), and Remediation and Construction Management (RCM). The WEI segment provides consulting and engineering services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TTEK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tetra Tech, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTEK).






Receive News & Ratings for Tetra Tech Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tetra Tech Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 





























































Andrew J. Smith - Senior Portfolio Specialist at DuPont Capital Management Corp.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Andrew J. Smith
Senior Portfolio Specialist at DuPont Capital Management Corp.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Awards & Honors 


Andrew J. Smith
Senior Portfolio Specialist at DuPont Capital Management Corp.



 Overview



Awards



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 202 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Lode Jan Clara Devlaminck

Managing Director, Global Equities at DuPont Capital Management Corp.




E. Anne Underhill

Former Head of Health Care Team at Putnam Investment Management LLC





Ichiro Ishiguro

Former Portfolio Manager at Fortis Investment Management USA, Inc.




Steve Hermsdorf

Former Portfolio Manager at Hermes Fund Managers (North America) LP





Whit Collier

Former Portfolio Manager at Fortis Investment Management USA, Inc.




John K. Chisholm, Jr.

Former Head of Investment Specialists at Fortis Investment Management USA, Inc.





Ann F. Keitner

Former Chief Operating Officer at Hermes Fund Managers (North America) LP




Saker Nusseibeh

Director, Chief Executive Officer at Hermes Investment Management Ltd.





Jim Pettigrew

Fund Advisor at Invesco Asset Management Ltd.




Michelle Simone Green

General Counsel, EMEA at Neuberger Berman Group LLC







See 192 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 192 More 


 


 Paths to Andrew J. Smith



            Andrew J. Smith          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Andrew J. Smith






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Andrew J. Smith.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



BSc 


University College London

                  University College London (UCL) is a public research university in London, England, and the oldest and largest constituent college of the federal University of London. Founded in 1826 as London University, UCL was the first university institution established in London and the first in England to be entirely secular, to admit students regardless of their religion, and to admit women on equal terms with men. The philosopher Jeremy Bentham is commonly regarded as the spiritual father of UCL, as his radical ideas on education and society were the inspiration to its founders, although his direct involvement in its foundation was limited. UCL became one of the two founding colleges of the University of London in 1836. It has grown through mergers, including with the Institute of Neurology (in 1997), the Royal Free Hospital Medical School (in 1998), the Eastman Dental Institute (in 1999), the School of Slavonic and East European Studies (in 1999) and the School of Pharmacy (in 2012). UCL's main campus is located in the Bloomsbury area of central London, with a number of institutes and teaching hospitals located elsewhere in central London, and satellite campuses in Adelaide, Australia and Doha, Qatar. UCL is organised into 10 constituent faculties, within which there are over 100 departments, institutes and research centres. UCL has around 26,700 students and 11,025 staff and had a total income of £937 million in 2012/13, of which £335 million was from research grants and contracts. UCL has around 4,000 academic and research staff and 650 full professors, the highest number of any British university. UCL is responsible for several museums and collections in a wide range of fields across the arts and sciences, including the Petrie Museum of Egyptian Archaeology, a leading collection of Egyptian and Sudanese archaeology.                





 Career History



Senior Portfolio Specialist

                                    2015 - Current                


DuPont Capital Management Corp.


                  DuPont Capital Management's (DCM) primary investment strategies are value-based. The firm's equity products include both fundamental and quantitative (or “structured”) strategies. Product vehicles include separate accounts and, for certain strategies, commingled funds. Within private equity, both separate accounts and fund-of-funds products are offered.DCM's overall global equity investment approach is based on their belief that markets are inefficient because investors tend to overreact to short-term events, causing stock prices to deviate from a company’s underlying business fundamentals. The firm seeks consistent risk-adjusted returns from these mispricings by systematically identifying companies that they believe are undervalued relative to their medium- to long-term earnings power and sustainable growth rate.The firm's equity strategies combine quantitative methods and fundamental research to identify investment opportunities in various markets. Their strategies include EAFE Equity Fundamental, Global Equity Fundamental, Emerging Markets, Small Cap, Mid Cap, Large Cap, Structured US Market Neutral and Large Cap Structured Equity.DCM's fixed income strategies use disciplined, value-based analysis directed at actively managing duration, yield curve exposure, sector allocation, country analysis and security selection. The strategies include Core, Core Plus, High Yield, Emerging Markets Debt, and Stable Value. DCM also seeks to provide enhanced risk-adjusted returns by constructing a diversified portfolio of private equity investments. The firm looks for investment opportunities that exhibit one or more of the following: clear value proposition; strong manager qualifications; and aligned interests between managers and investors.                




Portfolio Manager

                                    2009 - ?                


Hermes Fund Managers (North America) LP


                  Hermes Fund Managers North America (HFM) seeks to maximize risk-adjusted returns from the broadest possible equity investment universe. The firm employs a disciplined, repeatable investment process that balances high-conviction global stock selection with well-structured risk management. They conduct fundamental bottom-up research to identify attractive investment opportunities globally. HFM seeks to invest in companies that are generating superior free cash flow, earnings and/or revenue growth that can be expected to outperform their industry peers over the long-term. They construct concentrated portfolios that can maximize the expected returns for a given risk level.HFM builds alpha-generating global equity portfolios such that stock-specific risks are controlled and performance is driven by their assessment of growth. Portfolios are typically comprised of the 50 stocks that represent HFM's best ideas and balance high-conviction with disciplined risk control. The firm is an active manager that focuses on stock selection seeks to optimize their clients' risk-adjusted returns. Their goal is to outperform the MSCI All Country World Index by 3% to 5% while running a target tracking error of 4% to 8% over 3-year rolling periods from an actively managed portfolio of approximately 50 global mid- to large-cap stocks.HFM's stock selection process begins with a global investable universe of approximately 2500 stocks which are screened at the sector level. This screening considers industry analysis, fundamental analysis and cross-border analysis and results in the identification of approximately 250 potential global sector investments. The firm then evaluates those companies' growth drivers, valuations and risk factors. Their risk modeling process focuses on alignment of risk and conviction and an assessment of risk budgeting. The result is the Hermes Global Equity Select Portfolio which consists of approximately 50 global stocks and seeks to that seeks to maintain both relative sector and region neutrality.                




Analyst

                                    Prior - 2008                


BNP Paribas Asset Management, Inc.


                  Founded in 2003, BNP Paribas Asset Management, Inc. (BNPP AM) is a registered investment advisor headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. The firm is a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of BNP Paribas Investment Partners USA Holdings Inc., which is in turn wholly owned by Paribas North America, Inc. They offer a range of equity, Euro, fixed-income and alternative investment products to North American institutional investors.                




Fund Manager for the Industrials Sector & Global Small Caps

                                    2006 - Prior                


Fortis Investment Management USA, Inc.


                  GW&K
Investment Management
Taxable Bond Investment Professionals
Mary F. Kane, CFA
Partner, Taxable Bond Portfolio Manager

Mary is the Lead Portfolio Manager for our Taxable Fixed Income Strategies and is a member of the firm's Investment Committee. Prior to joining GW&K in 2005, she was a Managing Director and Portfolio Manager with Fortis Investments and a Vice President and Portfolio Manager with Invesco. She started her investment career as a Fixed Income Trader at Gardner and Preston Moss. Mary graduated cum laude from Wheaton College where she received an AB in Economics. She received her MBA from Boston University and is a CFA charterholder. Mary is a member of the Boston Security Analysts Society and the CFA Institute.                




Research Analyst

                                    1998 - 2003                


Schroder Investment Management North America, Inc.


                  Schroder Investment Management North America (SIMNA) manages assets for domestic and foreign clients in strategies focusing on US equity and US fixed income securities, including US tax exempt securities. These strategies include: US Large Cap, US Small Cap, US Small/Mid Cap, US Core Aggregate, US Core Plus, US Credit (Corporate), Municipal Bonds (Intermediate and Short Term), Municipal Bonds Ultra Short Term, Global Aggregate Bond, Global Credit (Corporate), Global and US High Yield, Strategic Bond, Emerging Market Debt Multi-Sector, Core Value, Short Duration Value, Intermediate Duration Value, Long Duration Value, Tax Aware Value, Value Opportunistic, Cash & Government, ad Alternate Rates. SIMNA also markets strategies focusing on non-US equity and fixed income securities, as well as multi asset, quantitative and alternative strategies. For these strategies, the firm delegates portfolio management of the account to their affiliated adviser, Schroder Investment Management North America Ltd. These non-US strategies include: Global/International Diversified, Global/International Alpha, International Alpha ADR, International Small Cap, Emerging Market Equity, Global Emerging Markets Small Cap, Global Climate Change, Frontier Market Equity, and Global Strategic Bond.The firm's quantitative equity strategies are: Global Core, Global Value, Global ex-US Value, Global Quality, Global Blend, Global ESG, North American Equity, Emerging Market Multi-Cap, Global Value Extension, and Global Absolute.SIMNA's multi-asset strategies include: Diversified Growth, Strategic Beta, and Global Multi-Asset Income. SIMNA also offers the following alternative strategies: Commodities, Emerging Market Debt (Absolute Return), and Insurance-Linked Securities.                




Employee, Research

                                    1995 - Prior                


The Financial Times (United States)


                  The Financial Times is a British English-language international daily newspaper with an emphasis on business and economic news. The paper, published by Pearson PLC in London, was founded in 1888 by James Sheridan and Horatio Bottomley, and merged with the Financial News in 1945. It has an average daily readership of 2.2 million people worldwide and FT.com has 4.5 million registered users and over 285,000 digital subscribers.                





 Awards & Honors




                  Professional Certification                




CFA (Chartered Financial Analyst)

                                    Sponsored by
                  CFA Institute






 Other Affiliations




              Andrew J. Smith is affiliated with
                            DuPont Capital Management Corp., Hermes Fund Managers (North America) LP, BNP Paribas Asset Management, Inc., Fortis Investment Management USA, Inc., Schroder Investment Management North America, Inc., The Financial Times (United States).
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















DuPont Capital Management Corp.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 6:41 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of DuPont Capital Management Corp.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
DuPont Capital Management Corp (DCM) operates as an asset management arm of E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company with approximately $ 27.8 billion in assets under management. The firm primarily provides its services to pension and profit sharing plans, high net worth individuals, charitable organizations, banking or thrift institutions, pooled investment vehicles, state or municipal government entities, and sovereign entities. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity, fixed income, and alternative investments markets across the globe. It makes its fixed income investments in corporate bonds, mortgage bonds, government securi...
DuPont Capital Management Corp (DCM) operates as an asset management arm of E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company with approximately $ 27.8 billion in assets under management. The firm primarily provides its services to pension and profit sharing plans, high net worth individuals, charitable organizations, banking or thrift institutions, pooled investment vehicles, state or municipal government entities, and sovereign entities. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity, fixed income, and alternative investments markets across the globe. It makes its fixed income investments in corporate bonds, mortgage bonds, government securities, and emerging market securities. For its alternative investments, the firm primarily invests in private equity. It invests in value stocks of small-cap, mid-cap, and large-cap companies to create its equity portfolio mix. The firm categorizes small-cap companies with a market capitalization between $50 million and $2 billion and mid-cap with market capitalizations between $1 billion and $10 billion. It selects stocks on a basis of quantitative and fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach. The firm makes its fixed income investments employing a combination of a top-down and a bottom-up stock picking approach. It benchmarks its performance of its equity portfolios against the Russell 2000 Index securities, S&P 400 Mid Cap Index, S&P 500 Index, and Russell 1000 Value Index and its fixed income portfolios against the Lehman Aggregate and Lehman High Yield Index. Dupont Capital Management was founded in 1975 and is based in Wilmington, Delaware.
Detailed Description


Delaware Corporate Center1 Righter ParkwaySuite 3200Wilmington, DE 19803United StatesFounded in 1975



Phone: 302-477-6000

Fax: 302-477-6004

www.dupontcapital.com







Key Executives for DuPont Capital Management Corp.




Ms. Valerie Jean Sill CFA, CAIA


      	President and Chief Executive Officer
      








Ms. Robin Prince Sachs CPA


      	Head of Operations
      








Dr. Krzysztof Andrzej Kowal Ph.D.


      	Managing Director and Chief Investment Officer of Fixed Income Investments
      








Mr. Stuart R. Davies CFA


      	Director of US Equity Research
      








Mr. Ming Shao CFA


      	Director of Fixed Income Investments and Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

DuPont Capital Management Corp. Key Developments

DuPont Capital Management Corp. Presents at Fourth Annual Cayman Alternative Investment Summit, Feb-16-2017 11:30 AM
Oct 20 16
DuPont Capital Management Corp. Presents at Fourth Annual Cayman Alternative Investment Summit, Feb-16-2017 11:30 AM. Venue: Kimpton Seafire Resort + Spa, Cayman Islands. Speakers: Valerie Jean Sill, President and Chief Executive Officer.


DuPont Capital Management Corp. Presents at The Global Borrowers & Bond Investors Forum, Jun-22-2016 11:20 AM
Apr 5 16
DuPont Capital Management Corp. Presents at The Global Borrowers & Bond Investors Forum, Jun-22-2016 11:20 AM. Venue: The Hilton on Park Lane, London, United Kingdom. Speakers: Krzysztof Andrzej Kowal, Managing Director and Chief Investment Officer of Fixed Income Investments.


DuPont Capital Management Corp. Presents at Public Funds Summit 2016, Jan-13-2016 03:15 PM
Dec 31 15
DuPont Capital Management Corp. Presents at Public Funds Summit 2016, Jan-13-2016 03:15 PM. Venue: Fairmont Scottsdale Princess, Scottsdale, Arizona, United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact DuPont Capital Management Corp., please visit www.dupontcapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Dupont Capital Management Marketing Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























dupont capital management marketing corp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Institutional Financial Svcs
Sub-Industry: Institutional Brokerage
Dupont Capital Management Marketing Corporation provides financial brokerage services. The Company specializes in buying and selling securities such as stocks, bonds, and mutual funds. Dupont Capital Management Marketing operates in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

Delaware Corporate Center
1 Righter Parkway, Suite 3200
Wilmington, DE 19803
United States


Phone:
1-302-477-6000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.dupontcapital.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































DuPont Capital Management











 










DuPont Capital

Contact Us
 
 



		 Give your
		investments
		  global reach
Watch the Video






Rooted in research and analytics
Independent and diverse investment teams working in collaboration to capture long-term alpha.

Learn More


 Emerging Markets Debt
We believe country selection is the key to successful, risk-managed investing in Emerging Markets Debt securities.

Watch the Video



 
 





















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


