








Process for in vitro creation of recombinant polynucleotide sequences by oriented ligation - DUPRET DANIEL







































































Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 

















Title:


                    Process for in vitro creation of recombinant polynucleotide sequences by oriented ligation                





                United States Patent Application 20020160366            

                Kind
                Code:
            

                A1            













Abstract:

            The object of this invention is a process for the creation of at least one recombinant polynucleotide sequence comprising a step of oriented ligation of fragments derived from a bank of at least two polynucleotide sequences, and optionally cloning the recombinant polynucleotide sequences, and the selection of polynucleotide sequences offering advantageous characteristics compared to one or several reference sequences.        















Inventors:

                            Dupret, Daniel (Calvisson, FR)                
                            Lefevre, Fabrice (Nimes, FR)                
                            Masson, Jean-michel (Toulouse, FR)                




Application Number:

            09/840861        



Publication Date:

            10/31/2002        



Filing Date:

            04/25/2001        



Export Citation:

 Click for automatic bibliography
                generation 




Assignee:

                            DUPRET DANIEL                
                            LEFEVRE FABRICE                
                            MASSON JEAN-MICHEL                




Primary Class:

435/6.18 



Other Classes:

                                    435/6.1,                                    435/91.2,                                    536/24.3                            



International Classes:

C12N15/10; (IPC1-7): C12Q1/68; C07H21/04; C12P19/34        





View Patent Images:

Download PDF 20020160366                 
                  PDF help




Related US Applications:



20030235565Feed additives for shrimp cultureDecember, 2003Cheung20070281350Bacteria trapping apparatusDecember, 2007Inami et al.20030104470Electronic medical record, library of electronic medical records having polymorphism data, and computer systems and methods for use thereofJune, 2003Fors et al.20050176059Bio-safe dispenser and optical analysis disc assemblyAugust, 2005Pal et al.20090148842Preparation of templates for methylation analysisJune, 2009Gormley et al.20090215783COMPOSITION FOR INDUCTION OR INHIBITION OF STEM CELL DIFFERENTIATIONAugust, 2009Oh20050106564One-step, no-wash multiplex bead-based flow cytometric assayMay, 2005Hechinger20070264697Method of Biomass ProcessingNovember, 2007Taguchi et al.20090023666Modulators of Hypoxia Inducible Factor-1 and Related UsesJanuary, 2009Gardiner et al.20040043992Meloxicam for alleviating organ injury during organ operation or transplantationMarch, 2004Tolba et al.20090148561NEW STRAINS OF LACTOBACILLUS PARACASEIJune, 2009Antonsson et al. 













Attorney, Agent or Firm:

                            Hunton & Williams,Robert M. Schulman, Esq. (Suite 1200, Washington, DC, 20006, US)                





Claims:

            1. Process of creating at least one recombinant polynucleotide sequence characterized in that it comprises a step of oriented ligation of fragments derived from a bank of at least two polynucleotide sequences.                    
                    2. Process according to claim 1, wherein it comprises the following steps: a) fragmentation of a bank of polynucleotide sequences, b) denaturation of the fragments thus obtained, c) hybridization of fragments obtained in step (b) with one or several assembly matrix (matrices), d) oriented ligation of said fragments to obtain at least one recombinant polynucleotide sequence.                    
                    3. Process according to claim 2, wherein it comprises after step (d): e) the selection of recombinant polynucleotide sequences offering advantageous characteristics compared to corresponding characteristics of one or several reference sequences.                    
                    4. Process according to claims 1 to 3, wherein the bank of polynucleotide sequences contains double-stranded polynucleotide sequences.                    
                    5. Process according to claims 1 to 3, wherein the bank of polynucleotide sequences contains single-stranded polynucleotide sequences.                    
                    6. Process according to claims 2 to 5, wherein at least one assembly matrix is double-stranded and it is first denatured to be added in single-stranded form at step (c).                    
                    7. Process according to claims 2 to 5, wherein at least one assembly matrix is single-stranded.                    
                    8. Process according to claims 2 to 7, wherein it comprises, at the end of step (d), at least one repetition of steps (a), (b), (c), and (d).                    
                    9. Process according to claims 2 to 7, wherein it comprises, at the end of step (d), at least one repetition of steps (b), (c), and (d).                    
                    10. Process according to claims 3 to 7, where it comprises, at the end of step (e), the choice of at least one recombinant polynucleotide sequence to perform at least one repetition of steps (a), (b), (c), (d), and (e).                    
                    11. Process according to one of claims 2 to 10, wherein it comprises the separation of recombinant polynucleotide sequences from the assembly matrix (matrices) before step (e).                    
                    12. Process according to any one of claims 2 to 11, wherein it comprises the amplification of recombinant polynucleotide sequences before step (e).                    
                    13. Process according to any one of claims 2 to 12, wherein it comprises, before step (e), the cloning of recombinant polynucleotide sequences, optionally after separation of recombinant strands from the matrix (matrices).                    
                    14. Process according to any one of claims 2 to 13, wherein the ends of the fragments produced at step (a) are such that there can be hybridization adjacent to these ends on at least one assembly matrix at step (c) and ligation of these fragments with one another at step (d).                    
                    15. Process according to any one of claims 2 to 14, wherein steps (c) and (d) are performed simultaneously.                    
                    16. Process according to any one of claims 2 to 15, wherein step (a) consists in subjecting the polynucleotide sequences of the initial bank to hydrolysis by the action of one or several restriction enzymes.                    
                    17. Process according to any one of claims 2 to 15, wherein the random fragmentation of polynucleotide sequences at step (a) is performed by any known enzymatic or mechanical method.                    
                    18. Process according to any one of claims 2 to 13 and 15 to 17, wherein enzymes able to recognize and degrade and/or cut in a specific manner the nonhybridized ends of fragments when said ends cover other hybridized fragments on the same matrix are added at step (c) and/or at step (d).                    
                    19. Process according to claim 18, wherein the enzyme Flap endonuclease is added at step (c) and/or at step (d).                    
                    20. Process according to any one of claims 2 to 15, wherein at least one specific, single-stranded exonuclease able to recognize and degrade in a specific manner the nonhybridized ends of fragments when said ends cover other hybridized fragments on the same matrix is added at step (c) and/or (d).                    
                    21. Process according to any one of the preceding claims, wherein a preferably thermostable ligase that is active at high temperature is used at step (d).                    
                    22. Process according to claims 18 and 19, wherein the endonucleases able to recognize and degrade and/or cut in a specific manner the nonhybridized ends of fragments added at step (c) and/or at step (d) have the same characteristics of thermoresistance and high-temperature activity as the ligase used at step (d).                    
                    23. Process according to claim 20, wherein the exonucleases able to recognize and degrade in a specific manner the nonhybridized ends of fragments added at step (c) and/or at step (d) have the same characteristics of thermoresistance and high-temperature activity as the ligase used at step (d).                    
                    24. Process according to any one of the preceding claims, wherein the initial bank of polynucleotide sequences is produced from a wild gene by successive steps of controlled mutagenesis, by error prone PCR, by random chemical mutagenesis, by in vivo random mutagenesis, or by combining genes of near or distinct families within the same species or from different species so as to make available a variety of polynucleotide sequences in the initial bank.                    
                    25. Process according to any one of claims 2 to 23, wherein the initial bank of polynucleotide sequences consists of synthetic sequences that will be fragemented at step (a) or that can constitute the fragments of step (a).                    
                    26. Process according to any one of claims 2 to 16 and 18 to 25, wherein step (a) consists in subjecting the initial bank to hydrolysis by the action of restriction enzymes having a large number of cutting sites on the polynucleotide sequences of the initial bank, or in combining several restriction enzymes.                    
                    27. Process according to any one of claims 2 to 15 and 17 to 25, wherein step (a) consists of a random treatment with DNAase I from an initial bank of polynucleotide sequences.                    
                    28. Process according to any one of claims 2 to 15 and 17 to 27, wherein fragments produced by a random treatment are used as matrices for one another, for hybridization during step (c) or during the reaction of steps (c) and (d) simultaneously.                    
                    29. Process according to claims 2 to 16 and 18 to 26, wherein fragments obtained at step (a) by a treatment with restriction enzymes are used as matrices for one another, for hybridization during step (c) or during the reaction of steps (c) and (d) simultaneously.                    
                    30. Process according to claims 2 to 15 and 18 to 26, wherein the fragments of step (a) are obtained by amplification reactions performed on polynucleotide sequences of the initial bank using initiated oligonucleotides, making it possible to produce fragments having sequences in common, said fragments acting as an assembly matrix for one another at step (b) or at step (c).                    
                    31. Process according to any one of the preceding claims, wherein the initial bank is fragmented into n fragments at step (a), n being greater than or equal to 3.                    
                    32. Process according to any one of the preceding claims, wherein besides the matrix, oligonucleotides of varying length, single- or double-stranded, are added at step (b) or (c).                    
                    33. Process according to any one of the preceding claims, wherein, before step (e), the recombinant polynucleotide sequences are separated from the assembly matrix thanks to a marker present on the assembly matrix or on the recombinant polynucleotide sequences.                    
                    34. Process according to any one of the preceding claims, wherein the recombinant polynucleotide sequences obtained at step (d) and optionally cloned are used by any appropriate means to select the recombinant polynucleotide sequences or the clones offering advantageous characteristics compared with corresponding characteristics of reference sequences.                    
                    35. Process according to claim 34, wherein the screening is performed by in vitro expression of recombinant polynucleotide sequences.                    
                    36. Process according to any one of the preceding claims, wherein the initial bank of polynucleotide sequences consists of one or several restricted banks prepared by a process according to any one of claims 1 to 35, optionally mixed with other polynucleotide sequences.                    
                    37. A recombinant polynucleotide sequence offering one or several advantageous characteristics compared to corresponding characteristics of reference sequences, obtained and selected by a process according to any one of claims 1 to 36, said sequence having a size greater than 1.5 Kpb.                    
                    38. A vector containing a polynucleotide sequence according to claim 37.                    
                    39. A cellular host transformed by a recombinant polynucleotide sequence according to claim 37 or by a vector according to claim 38.                    
                    40. A protein coded by a recombinant polynucleotide sequence according to claim 37.                    
                    41. A bank consisting of recombinant polynucleotide sequences according to claim 37, or of a vector according to claim 38, or of cellular hosts according to claim 39, or of proteins according to claim 40.                    




Description:

            [0001] This invention relates to a method of obtaining, in vitro, recombinant polynucleotide sequences by oriented ligation. The invention aims in particular at creating, then selecting, polynucleotide sequences able to offer one or several advantageous properties compared to corresponding properties of reference sequences and thus able to provide an improved phenotype and/or to produce improved proteins.  [0002] Reference sequence is understood as a sequence having properties close to those being sought. [0003] In vitro is understood as any event, reaction, or process that does not take place in a living organism. [0004] Ligation is understood as a process that allows the creation of a phosphodiester bond between two nucleic acid fragments. [0005] Oriented ligation is understood as any process of ligation that makes it possible to assemble nucleic acid molecules in a set order, notably by hybridization of said nucleic acid molecules on at least one nucleotide matrix. [0006] Polynucleotide sequence is understood as any single- or double-stranded nucleic acid molecule. [0007] Various techniques have been developed to promote in vitro recombination among different polynucleotide sequences, among them can be cited, in particular, DNA shuffling and STEP, both based on the use of PCR. [0008] DNA shuffling comprises two steps, the random fragmentation of polynucleotide sequences by DNAase I and amplification by PCR, in which the previously created fragments act as initiators. At each hybridization step, the change of matrix causes recombinations at regions having homologous sequences. StEP consists in mixing various polynucleotide sequences containing various mutations in the presence of a pair of initiators. This mixture is subjected to a PCR reaction in which the hybridization and polymerization steps are consolidated into a single, very brief step. These conditions make it possible to hybridize the initiators but reduce the polymerization speed so that the fragments that are partially synthesized hybridize randomly on the polynucleotide sequences carrying the various mutations, thus making the recombination possible. In each of these two methods, the polymerization step is indispensable to the recombination process. Thus, depending on the polymerases selected, this polymerization step can produce undesired supplementary mutations. Further, after a certain number of cycles, DNA shuffling and StEP are based on the principle of hybridization of a “mega-initiator” on a matrix, which probably causes difficulties in implementation for polynucleotide sequences whose size is greater than 1.5 Kpb. Finally, these two techniques do not allow the rate of recombinations to be controlled, since the latter occur randomly during the successive stages of polymerization. [0009] This invention aims specifically at reducing the above drawbacks by offering a simple preparation method for at least one recombinant polynucleotide sequence by using a process of oriented ligation of fragments obtained from a bank of polynucleotide sequences. [0010] Bank of polynucleotide sequences is understood as a group of polynucleotide sequences containing at least two heterologous polynucleotide sequences. [0011] In one embodiment of the invention, this object is achieved thanks to a process comprising the following steps: [0012] a) fragmentation of a bank of polynucleotide sequences, [0013] b) denaturation of the fragments thus obtained, [0014] c) hybridization of fragments obtained in step (b) with one or several assembly matrix (matrices), [0015] d) oriented ligation of said fragments to obtain at least one recombinant polynucleotide sequence. [0016] When the assembly matrix is double-stranded, it is first denatured before step (c) such as, for example, during step (b). [0017] The process of the invention makes it possible randomly to recombine various fragments within a polynucleotide sequence during steps (b), (c) and (d). This process thus reproduces, in vitro, the recombination phenomena that can occur in vivo by promoting them. The process of the invention is thus most particularly useful for recombining polynucleotide sequences among themselves to be able to create new polynucleotide sequences. [0018] These recombinant polynucleotide sequences are able to offer advantageous properties compared to corresponding properties of references sequences and are thus able to provide an improved phenotype and/or to produce improved proteins. [0019] This object is achieved thanks to a process comprising the following steps: [0020] a) fragmentation of a bank of polynucleotide sequences, [0021] b) denaturation of the fragments, [0022] c) hybridization of fragments obtained in step (b) with one or several assembly matrix (matrices), [0023] d) oriented ligation of said fragments to obtain at least one recombinant polynucleotide sequence, [0024] e) selection of recombinant polynucleotide sequences offering advantageous properties compared to corresponding properties of one or several references sequences. [0025] The assembly matrix (matrices) can be single- or double-stranded. If one of these matrices is double-stranded, it is first denatured to be added in a single-stranded form to step (c), for example, during step (b). [0026] The process of the invention can comprise, at the end of step (e), the repetition of steps (a), (b), (c), and (d). In this case, the bank of polynucleotide sequences contains at least one recombinant polynucleotide sequence that was selected in (e). [0027] The process of the invention can also comprise, at the end of step (d) and before step (e), the repetition of steps (b), (c), and (d), or of steps (a), (b), (c), and (d). [0028] This last embodiment is particularly useful if, at the end of step (e), all the fragments are not ligated. In that case, the process of the invention also comprises, at the end of step (d) and before step (e), one or several of the following reaction cycles: [0029] denaturation of ligated and non-ligated fragments from step (d), optionally in the presence of one or several assembly matrix (matrices), [0030] hybridization of said fragments with one or several assembly matrix (matrices) if the latter is (are) not present during the denaturation, [0031] ligation of said fragments. [0032] These reactions of denaturation, hybridization and ligation are equivalent to steps (b), (c), and (d) but are performed not with fragments of step (a) but with ligated and nonligated fragments from step (d). [0033] According to a particular embodiment of the process, the polynucleotide sequences of the bank are single-stranded. The use of single-stranded DNA fragments is particularly adapted to the recombination of gene families for which a given single-stranded matrix or a mix of various single-stranded matrices will be hybridized with single-stranded fragments coming from a bank of homologous genes. Since there are no strictly complementary sequences among them in the fragment population, the hybridization will not be biased toward wild sequences among the fragments or among matrix fragments. The hybridization temperature can thus be adjusted depending on how homologous the sequences are, thus producing recombinant molecules with the greatest possible degree of recombination. Banks of recombinant molecules are thus created, with higher value in terms of diversity, considerably increasing the chances of finding the good mutant at the end of the minimum recombination cycles. [0034] To obtain single-stranded DNA molecules, a Bluescript phagemide or a vector of the family of filamentous phages such as M13mp18 can be used. Another method consists in creating double-stranded molecules by PCR by using an initiator phosphorylated at 5′ and the other non-phosphorylated. The digestion of the lambda phage by the exonuclease will destroy the strands of DNA phosphorylated at 5, leaving the non-phosphorylated strands intact. Another method of creating single-stranded molecules consists in making an amplification, by asymmetric PCR, starting from a methylated DNA matrix. [0035] Digestion by Dpn I will destroy the methylated strands, leaving intact the amplification products that will then be able to be purified after denaturation. [0036] The process of the invention can further comprise one or several of the following steps: [0037] separation of recombinant polynucleotide sequences from the assembly matrix (matrices) before step (e), [0038] amplification of recombinant polynucleotide sequences before step (e), [0039] cloning of recombinant polynucleotide sequences optionally after separation of the recombinant strands from the matrix (matrices). [0040] In one advantageous embodiment of the method, the ends of the fragments created at step (a) are such that there can be adjacent hybridization of these ends at least with one assembly matrix in step (c) and ligation of these fragments with one another at step (d). The polynucleotide sequences of the bank on which the process of the invention is performed must be such that the fragments obtained during the process have ends like those described above. These fragments can be obtained notably during step (a) or during step (d) by ligation of the fragments. [0041] On advantageous embodiment of the process of the invention consists in simultaneously performing steps (c) and (d) as a so-called RLR reaction, in the English expression “recombining ligation reaction.”[0042] Besides the previously indicated advantages, the process of the invention is remarkable in that it promotes and accelerates the random in vitro recombination of polynucleotide sequences, these polynucleotide sequences being able to be genes. Gene is understood to be a fragment or a DNA sequence associated with a biological function. A gene can be obtained in different ways, among them chemical synthesis, synthesis by polymerization or extraction of said gene from a nucleic acid source. [0043] The in vitro recombination of polynucleotide sequences from the initial bank by the process of the invention thus makes it possible to obtain a new bank containing sequences having acquired one or several characteristics of the sequences of the preceding bank. The process of the invention thus constitutes a technique for in vitro evolution. [0044] The process of the invention constitutes an alternative to recombinant PCR such as the use of the techniques of DNA shuffling or StEP, since it does not require the in vitro polymerization step to achieve recombination. On the contrary, the key step in the process of the invention is step (d) of ligation on an assembly matrix (or oriented ligation), which guarantees a very high degree of fidelity during the recombination events. [0045] The process of the invention is remarkable in that it makes it possible considerably to increase the efficiency of reassembling the fragments to be ligated by using oriented ligation. In fact, in the case of a sequence cut into n fragments, there are very numerous possibilities of reassociation of the fragments using a conventional ligation process (without using a reassembly matrix that orients the ligation), among which only one form is useful. In the process according to the invention, the ligation is oriented by the assembly matrix, which makes it possible to obtain the only useful form directly. [0046] The fragmentation of these polynucleotide sequences in step (a) can be performed in a controlled manner or in a random manner. [0047] If fragmentation is performed in a controlled manner, the fragmentation makes it possible precisely to control the degree of recombination desired and the position of the recombination points. According to a preferred embodiment of the process of the invention, step (a) consists in subjecting the polynucleotide sequences of the bank to hydrolysis by the action of one or several restriction enzymes. Thus, in a particular embodiment of the process of the invention, the degree of recombination and the position of the recombination points of the recombinant polynucleotide sequences are determined by the fragmentation of step (a). [0048] Thus the greater the number of fragments produced per sequence, the greater the number of fragments necessary to recompose a sequence, which causes an increased rate of recombination. Further, the nature and the position of the ends of the fragments produced in the embodiment of the process of the invention can be known and controlled, which makes it possible to: [0049] precisely control the zones in which the recombination takes place, or [0050] to induce recombination among polynucleotide sequences, for example genes, if the ends of the fragments are created in zones that are homologous among these sequences, or in homologous zones between these sequences and the assembly matrices. [0051] If the fragmentation is random, any enzymatic or mechanical means known to one skilled in the art and able randomly to cut the DNA can be used such as, for example, digestion by DNAase I or ultrasonication. [0052] The process of the invention makes it possible considerably to increase the efficiency of reassembling the fragments to be ligated, it can thus be applied to the orientation of multimolecular ligation for flush ends. In this application, single- or double-stranded oligonucleotides that are exactly complementary to end 3′ of a fragment and 5′ of the adjacent fragment are used as the assembly matrix for steps (b) or (c), which makes possible the adjacent hybridization of these two ends on the same matrix after the denaturation step. Once hybridized, the ends of the fragments can be ligated among themselves so as to orient the ligation direction of the fragments at flush ends. The same approach can be envisaged for the orientation of the ligation of fragments at cohesive ends. [0053] A rather preferred embodiment of the process of the invention consists in adding enzymes to step (c) and/or to step (d) that are able to recognize and degrade and/or cut in a specific way the nonhybridized ends of fragments when the latter cover other hybridized fragments on the same matrix. A preferred example of this type of enzyme is the enzyme Flap endonuclease. [0054] A particular embodiment of the process of the invention thus consists in using enzymes of the Flap endonuclease type when the fragments produced in step (a) can be covered during hybridization on the assembly matrix at step (c). [0055] Thus, during the hybridization of DNA fragments on a matrix, these enzymes are characterized by the ability to recognize and to cut in a specific way the nonhybridized ends of these fragments when the latter cover other hybridized fragments on the same matrix. [0056] When the fragments used during the process of the invention are double-stranded, a particular embodiment of the invention consists in using specific, single-stranded enzymes of the exonuclease type. These enzymes will be characterized by being able to recognize and to degrade in a specific way the single-stranded, nonhybridized ends of these fragments when the latter cover other hybridized fragments on the same matrix. [0057] During step (c), hybridization, the use of this type of enzyme (notably Flap, or a single-stranded specific exonuclease) thus makes it possible to increase the number of adjacent ends able to be ligated in step (d), which is particularly significant if the fragments are obtained by random cutting, because these fragments have zones where they cover one another when they are hybridized on the assembly matrix. [0058] In a particular embodiment of the process of the invention using an active, preferably thermostable ligase at high temperature at step (d), the enzymes able to recognize and/or to cut in a specific way the nonhybridized ends of the fragments, added at step (c) and/or at step (d), will have the same characteristics of thermoresistance and high-temperature activity as said ligase. [0059] The bank of polynucleotide sequences on which the process of the invention is performed can be produced by any method known to one skilled in the art, for example starting from a wild-type gene, by successively managed stages of mutagenesis, by “error prone” PCR (2), by random, chemical mutagenesis, by random mutagenesis in vivo, or by combining genes of close or distinct families within the same species or different species so as to make available in said bank a variety of polynucleotide sequences. [0060] Among these techniques, the invention envisions most particularly a process in which the bank of polynucleotide sequences is obtained by a chain polymerization reaction performed under conditions that make it possible to create random, localized mutations. [0061] The initial bank of polynucleotide sequences can consist of synthetic sequences that will be fragmented at step (a) or that can constitute the fragments of step (a). [0062] According to a preferred embodiment of the process of the invention, step (a) consists in subjecting the polynucleotide sequences of the bank to hydrolysis by the action of one or several restriction enzymes. [0063] To increase the degree of recombination produced by the process of the invention, it suffices to increase the number of restriction fragments by using restriction enzymes having a large number of cutting sites on the polynucleotide sequences of the bank, or by combining several restriction enzymes. If a thermostable and thermoactive ligase is used, the size of the smallest fragment thus produced will advantageously be greater than or equal to 40 b or 40 pb, so as to maintain a hybridization temperature compatible with that of ligation step (d), which is generally on the order of 65° C. [0064] Step (a) can further be done by producing a fragment bank by random enzymatic or mechanical treatment. In particular, step (a) can consist of a random treatment with DNAase I of a bank of polynucleotide sequences. If random enzymatic or mechanical fragmentation is used at step (a), this embodiment of the process of the invention is characterized in that it makes it possible to use fragments produced by this treatment as matrices for one another, for hybridization during step (c) or during the RLR reaction of steps (c) and (d) simultaneously. [0065] Step (b) can be performed by combining at least two banks of distinct fragments produced separately in step (a) starting from the same initial bank by different treatments, such as, e.g., with different restriction enzymes. If such banks are used, the fragments obtained at step (a) are used as matrices for one another, for hybridization during step (c) or during the RLR reaction of steps (c) and (d) simultaneously. [0066] The fragments of step (a) of the process of the invention can also be produced by amplification reactions (such as PCR) performed on the polynucleotide sequences of the bank. Two solutions in particular can be envisaged. In a first case, the initiated oligonucleotides can be designed so as to produce fragments whose ends are adjacent all along the assembly sequence. In a second case, the initiated oligonucleotides are designed so as to produce fragments having sequences in common, these fragments being able to act as an assembly matrix for one another at step (b) or at step (c). [0067] The recombination efficiency of the process of the invention depends on the number of fragments produced per polynucleotide sequences at step (a). As a result, the process of the invention will use polynucleotide sequences that have been fragmented into n fragments, n advantageously being greater than or equal to 3. [0068] The assembly matrix of step (b) or (c) is, for example, a polynucleotide sequence produced from the initial bank or a sequence contained in said bank, single- or double-stranded. If the assembly matrix (matrices) is (are) incorporated directly at step (c) of the invention, this matrix must be in the single-stranded form. [0069] According to a variant of the process of the invention, the assembly matrices of step (b) or (c) consist of single- or double-stranded oligonucleotides. [0070] According to a particular form of the embodiment of the process of the invention, single- or double-stranded oligonucleotides of variable length are added at step (b) or (c) in addition to the matrix. These oligonucleotides are designed to be able to substitute for some of the fragments at step (c), in fact, their sequence is such that: [0071] if they are perfectly homologous with the sequence of the fragment they are replacing, they promote certain combinations, or [0072] if they are partially heterologous with the sequence of the fragment they are replacing, they introduce one or more supplementary, direct mutations. [0073] Heterologous sequences are understood as two sequences whose base composition differs by at least one base. [0074] Before step (e) of the invention, it is possible to separate the recombinant polynucleotide sequences from the assembly matrix thanks to a marker present on the assembly matrix or on the recombinant polynucleotide sequences. It is in fact possible to mark each strand of the matrix according to techniques known to one skilled in the art. For example, the marker of the assembly matrix can be a hapten and the recombinant polynucleotide sequences are separated from the assembly matrix by techniques known to one skilled in the art, such as, for example, an antihapten antibody fixed on a carrier or a biotin-streptavidin reaction, if the hapten is a biotin marker. [0075] Other techniques can be used to separate the recombinant polynucleotide sequences from the assembly matrix. The assembly matrix can also be prepared specifically so as to facilitate its elimination at the end of the process of the invention. It can thus be synthesized by PCR amplification using methylated dATP, which makes it possible to degrade it by the restriction endonuclease Dpn I. In this case, the recombinant polynucleotide sequences must not contain methylated dATP. The matrix can also have been prepared by PCR amplification by using some dUTP, which makes it possible to degrade it by treatment with a uracil-DNA-glycosylase. Conversely, it is possible to protect the recombinant polynucleotide sequences by amplifying them by selective PCR with oligonucleotides carrying phosphorothioated groups at 5′. A treatment with an exonuclease thus makes it possible specifically to degrade the assembly matrix. [0076] The process of the invention can comprise, before the optional cloning at step (e), a step to amplify the recombinant polynucleotide sequences. Any amplification technique is acceptable, notably PCR amplification. One of the simplest consists in performing a PCR, which makes it possible to amplify specifically the recombinant polynucleotide sequences thanks to initiators that cannot be hybridized except at the ends of recombined sequences. The PCR products are then cloned, to be characterized, and the polynucleotide sequences with advantageous characteristics compared to corresponding characteristics of reference sequences are selected. [0077] The object of the invention is to produce polynucleotide sequences able to offer advantageous characteristics compared to corresponding characteristics of reference sequences. The recombinant polynucleotide sequences obtained at step (d) and optionally cloned are screened by any appropriate means to select the recombinant polynucleotide sequences or clones having advantageous characteristics compared with corresponding characteristics of reference sequences. Advantageous characteristics, for example, are understood to be thermostability of an enzyme or its ability to be able to function under pH or temperature conditions or saline concentrations better adapted to an enzymatic process than the reference proteins usually used for said process. By way of example of such a process, an industrial process of desizing textile fibers or bleaching of paper pulps or the production of flavors in the dairy industry, processes of biocatalysis to enzymatically synthesize new therapeutic molecules, etc., can be mentioned. [0078] According to an advantageous embodiment of the process of the invention, the polynucleotide sequence bank can thus result from a screening having made it possible to select by any appropriate means the polynucleotide sequences offering advantageous characteristics compared to the reference sequences. The sequences thus selected constitute a restricted bank. [0079] But it is also possible to start from a nonrestricted bank so as to maintain the representative nature of the characteristics the bank contains. [0080] The sequences coding for the protein(s) having one or more advantageous characteristics compared to reference proteins are thus selected by in vivo or in vitro screens and can be used to form a new bank for an optional repeat of the process of the invention. An advantageous embodiment of the process of the invention thus consists in using, as a bank, several polynucleotide sequences selected after a first running of the process of the invention, optionally mixed with other polynucleotide sequences. Among the screening techniques that can be applied to each clone of step (e), screening techniques by in vitro expression using notably in vitro transcription of recombinant polynucleotide sequences, then in vitro translation of the mRNAs obtained offer the advantage of eliminating cellular physiological problems and all the drawbacks connected with in vivo expression cloning. Further, this type of screening is easily automated, which makes it possible to screen a high number of recombinant polynucleotide sequences. [0081] The invention also relates to a recombinant polynucleotide sequence obtained by a process according to the invention, as well as a vector containing such a recombinant polynucleotide sequence, a cellular host transformed by a recombinant polynucleotide sequence or a vector of the invention, as well as a protein coded by this recombinant polynucleotide sequence. The invention also comprises the corresponding banks of recombinant polynucleotide sequences, vectors, cellular hosts or proteins.EXAMPLE [0082] The object of this example is to produce recombinant polynucleotide sequences from the resistance gene to kanamycin by using oriented ligation of single-stranded fragments. [0083] First, the resistance gene to kanamycin (1 Kb) of pACYC184 is cloned in the polylinker of M13 mp18 so that the single-stranded phagemide contains the noncoding strand of the gene. [0084] In parallel, this gene is amplified by PCR mutagenesis (error prone PCR) with two initiators that are complementary to vector sequence M13 mp18 on each side of the gene sequence. The initiator for the noncoding strand is phosphorylated while the initiator for the coding strand is not. The product of the PCR mutagenesis is digested by the lambda exonuclease, which produces a bank of coding strands for mutants of the resistance gene to kanamycin. [0085] This bank of single-stranded molecules is digested by a mixture of restriction enzymes, notably Hae III, Hinf I and Taq I. [0086] This bank of single-stranded fragments thus obtained is then hybridized with the single-stranded phagemide and ligated with a thermostable ligase. This step is repeated several times until the small fragments can no longer be observed during deposition on an agarose gel while the band corresponding to the single strand of the complete gene of resistance to kanamycin becomes a major component of the “smear” of single-stranded molecules visible on the gel. [0087] The band corresponding to the size of the gene is then cut from the gel and purified. It is then hybridized with two complementary oligonucleotides (40 mer) of the M13 mp18 sequences on each side of the gene and this partial duplex is digested by Eco RI and Sph I, then ligated in an M13 mp18 vector digested by the same enzymes. [0088] The cells transformed with the ligation product are screened for increased resistance to kanamycin. [0089] The cloning of single-stranded recombinant molecules can optionally be performed by PCR with two initiators of the complete gene and cloning of the double-stranded product of this amplification. To avoid undesirable mutations, this amplification will be performed with polymerase of the Pfu type and with a limited number of cycles. [0090] The plasmids of the clones that are significantly more resistant to kanamycin than the initial stock are purified and used as matrices for PCR with the polymerase Pfu, under high fidelity conditions, with the phosphorylated/nonphosphorylated initiator couple as previously defined. This produces the second generation of single-stranded fragments after a treatment with lambda exonuclease and fragmentation with restriction enzymes. The enzymes used for this step can comprise a different mixture (Bst NI, Taq I and Mnl I). [0091] The recombination and selection steps are repeated several times until a substantial increase in resistance to kanamycin is obtained.  





 

Previous Patent: Compositions and methods for the early diagnosis of ovarian cancerNext Patent: Coated film laminate having an ionic surface











Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 













Daniel  DuPret - Morgantown, WV | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Daniel  Dupret in Morgantown, WV


Daniel  Dupret

                                                                           Intelius found that Daniel  DuPret  is  a male between 110 and 120 years old from Morgantown, WV.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Dan  Dupret


Get Report Now

Age

Daniel  Dupret is in his 110s

Daniel Has Lived In

Morgantown, WV
Weaverville, CA







Daniel  Dupret



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Professional Status
President at Protea Biosciences Group, Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Daniel? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Daniel, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Daniel  Dupret
Get a Criminal Check on Daniel  Dupret
Get a Public Record Report on Daniel  Dupret
Get a People Search Report on Daniel  Dupret


Daniel  Dupret's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Daniel  Dupret has lived as well as Daniel  Dupret's phone numbers and email addresses.




Daniel  Dupret Has Lived in 2 States
West Virginia Address for Daniel  Dupret


955 H****** R** R* 

Morgantown, WV


Has Lived In

Morgantown, WV
Weaverville, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Daniel  Dupret

(916) ***-**** - Weaverville, CA 
(304) ***-**** - Morgantown, WV 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Daniel  Dupret



Get Email Report




Daniel  Dupret's Professional Information
Information regarding Daniel  Dupret's professional history.  Find out previous places Daniel  Dupret has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Daniel  Dupret Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Protea Biosciences Group, Inc.
               Title: President
Company: Proteabio Europe
               Title: President
Daniel  Dupret's Experience
Title: President
               Company: Protea Biosciences Group, Inc.
Job Details
               Protea Biosciences is a leading proteomics company. We are innovators in the development of next-generation products and services that improve life science researchers' ability to identify and characterize proteins in biological samples. Our laboratories include a state-of-the-art mass spectrometry facility, featuring BIOiTRAQ MALDI TOF/TOF and linear trapping quadrupole (LTQ) mass spectrometers. Protea's multidisciplinary scientific team is developing new technologies as well as products and services for both gel- and solution-based proteomics. Our mission is to provide our customers with the very best MS data from their valuable protein samples, either in their laboratories or ours. A rapidly-growing biotechnology company located in Morgantown, West Virginia, only three hours from our nation's capital, we offer outstanding, long-term career opportunities in a high quality-of-life environment. Select below to view posicurrently available at Protea:Select a job description above ...  To apply for any position, submit your CV and application letter to:phone: +1.304.292.2226fax: +1.304.292.7101email: hr@proteabio.com
Title: President
               Company: Proteabio Europe
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Daniel  Dupret

 See Daniel  Dupret's LinkedIn Profile



Daniel  Dupret's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Daniel  Dupret


Daniel  Dupret's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Daniel  Dupret's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Daniel DuPret
Username Matches

                  DanielDuPret
                  DuPretDaniel
                  Daniel.DuPret
                  DuPret.Daniel
                  Daniel_DuPret
                  DuPret_Daniel
                  Daniel-DuPret
                  DuPret-Daniel
                  DDuPret
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D DuPret







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Method of shuffling polynucleotides using templates - DUPRET DANIEL









































































Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 

















Title:


                    Method of shuffling polynucleotides using templates                





                United States Patent Application 20030092023            

                Kind
                Code:
            

                A1            













Abstract:

            Method of gene shuffling using hybridization of fragments on assembly templates, wherein the fragments are not themselves the templates. Invention is particularly aimed at generating novel polynucleotides that differ in some advantageous respect compared to a reference sequence. Invention further includes reaction mixtures created by or during the method, sequences created by the method, hosts and vectors containing same, and proteins translated therefrom.        















Inventors:

                            Dupret, Daniel (Calvisson, FR)                
                            Lefevre, Fabrice (Nimes, FR)                
                            Masson, Jean Michel (Toulouse, FR)                




Application Number:

            10/153706        



Publication Date:

            05/15/2003        



Filing Date:

            05/24/2002        



Export Citation:

 Click for automatic bibliography
                generation 




Assignee:

                            DUPRET DANIEL                
                            LEFEVRE FABRICE                
                            MASSON JEAN MICHEL                




Primary Class:

435/6.16 



Other Classes:

                                    435/91.2,                                    435/455                            



International Classes:

C07K14/245; C12N15/10; (IPC1-7): C12P19/34; C12N15/85        





View Patent Images:

Download PDF 20030092023                 
                  PDF help




Related US Applications:



20080166708Markers and Methods For Prenatal of Chromosal AlberrationsJuly, 2008Leporrier et al.20060234363Synthesis of 1,2,4-butanetriol enantiomers from carbohydratesOctober, 2006Frost20080160016Compositions and methods of tolerizing a primate to an antigenJuly, 2008Frewin et al.20090133148COTTON VARIETY 02Z89May, 2009Green et al.20080216187Acetolactate Synthase  Herbicide Resistant SorghumSeptember, 2008Tuinstra et al.20070003944Inference of human geographic origins using Alu insertion polymorphismsJanuary, 2007Sinha et al.20060223173Anaerobic digester for the production of methane gas from manureOctober, 2006Austin20050037424Selectable length linear microarraysFebruary, 2005Schembri20090162839DIAGNOSIS AND PROGNOSIS OF CANCER BASED ON TELOMERE LENGTH AS MEASURED ON CYTOLOGICAL SPECIMENSJune, 2009Katz et al.20020164571Method of preserving metanephroi in vitro prior to transplantationNovember, 2002Hammerman20090133155Modification of Flavonoid Biosynthesis in PlantsMay, 2009Mouradov et al. 













Attorney, Agent or Firm:

                            INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY DEPARTMENT,HUNTON & WILLIAMS (1900 K STREET, N.W., WASHINGTON, DC, 20006-1109, US)                





Claims:

            1. A template-mediated method for shuffling polynucleotides, comprising hybridizing fragments of at least two homologous polynucleotides to one or more assembly templates to form at least one recombinant polynucleotide, wherein the fragments are shorter than all or substantially all of the assembly templates.                    
                    2. The method of claim 1, wherein the steps occur in vitro.                    
                    3. The method of claim 1, further comprising treating the recombinant polynucleotide to eliminate, separate or degrade the template.                    
                    4. The method of claim 3, wherein the templates comprise uracil.                    
                    5. The method of claim 1, further comprising, before said hybridizing, fragmenting said homologous polynucleotides with at least one restriction enzyme which has multiple cutting sites on said homologous polynucleotides, or with a plurality of different restriction enzymes.                    
                    6. The method of claim 5, wherein the resulting fragments are about 15-40 residues in length.                    
                    7. The method of claim 1, further comprising trimming of any overhanging flaps of any partially hybridized fragments to help form the recombinant polynucleotide.                    
                    8. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least two homologous polynucleotides are generated from a native gene by successive directed mutagenesis, by error-prone PCR, by random chemical mutagenesis, by in vivo random mutagenesis, or by combining genes from gene families within the same or different species, thereby resulting in a variety of sequences in said polynucleotide library.                    
                    9. The method of claim 1, wherein the recombinant polynucleotide is obtained without use of a polymerase                    
                    10. The method of claim 1, wherein the recombinant polynucleotide is obtained without inducing crossovers or strand switching.                    
                    11. The method of claim 1, wherein fragments and recombinant polynucleotides are obtained without size fractionation.                    
                    12. The method of claim 1, wherein said fragments are non-identical fragments.                    
                    13. The method of claim 1, wherein said templates are non-identical templates.                    
                    14. The method of claim 1, further comprising translating the recombinant polynucleotide in vitro to express any protein thereof.                    
                    15. The method of claim 1, further comprising selecting at least one of said recombinant polynucleotides that has a desired property.                    
                    16. A recombinant polynucleotide obtained by the method of claim 1.                    
                    17. A vector comprising the polynucleotide of claim 16.                    
                    18. A cellular host transformed by the recombinant polynucleotide of claim 16.                    
                    19. A protein encoded by the recombinant polynucleotide of claim 16.                    
                    20. A library comprising the recombinant polynucleotide of claim 16.                    
                    21. A physical array in which the method of claim 1 can be performed.                    
                    22. A logical array that simulates the method of claim 1.                    
                    23. The method of claim 1, wherein the steps occur in vivo.                    
                    24. A polynucleotide shuffling reaction mixture comprising: fragments of at least two homologous polynucleotides; and at least one assembly template upon which the fragments can hybridize, wherein the fragments are shorter than all or substantially all of the templates.                    
                    25. A polynucleotide shuffling reaction mixture comprising: free fragments of at least two homologous polynucleotides; and at least one partially double-stranded polynucleotide comprising a strand of an assembly template and an opposite partial strand of hybridized fragments, wherein the free fragments are shorter than all or substantially all of the templates.                    
                    26. A method for producing a recombinant DNA encoding a protein, the method comprising: (a) digesting at least a first and second DNA substrate molecule, wherein the at least first and second substrate molecules are homologous and differ from each other in at least one nucleotide, with a restriction endonuclease, wherein the at least first and second DNA substrate molecules each encode a protein, or are homologous to a protein-encoding DNA substrate molecule; (b) ligating the resulting mixture of DNA fragments to generate a library of recombinant DNA molecules, which library comprises a plurality of DNA molecules, each comprising a subsequence from the first nucleic acid and a subsequence from the second nucleic acid, wherein the plurality of DNA molecules are homologous; (c) screening or selecting the resulting products of (b) for a desired property; (d) recovering a recombinant DNA molecule encoding an evolved protein; and, (e) repeating steps (a)-(d) using the recombinant DNA molecule of step (d) as the first or second DNA substrate molecule of step (a), whereby a recombinant DNA encoding a protein is produced.                    
                    27. The method of claim 26, wherein steps (a)-(d) are repeated more than once.                    
                    28. The method of claim 26, wherein the first or second DNA substrate molecule comprises a gene cluster.                    
                    29. The method of claim 26, wherein at least one restriction endonuclease fragment from a DNA substrate molecule is isolated and subjected to mutagenesis to generate a library of mutant fragments.                    
                    30. The method of step 29, wherein the library of mutant fragments is used in the ligation of (b).                    
                    31. The method of claim 29, wherein mutagenesis comprises recursive sequence recombination.                    
                    32. The method of claim 26, wherein the product of (d) is subjected to mutagenesis.                    
                    33. The method of claim 32, wherein mutagenesis comprises recursive sequence recombination.                    
                    34. The method of claim 26, wherein a product of (e) is used as a DNA substrate molecule in (b).                    
                    35. The method of claim 34, wherein the product of claim 32 is used in (d).                    
                    36. The method of claim 26, wherein the recombinant DNA substrate molecule of (d) comprises a library of recombinant DNA substrate molecules.                    
                    37. A method for making recombined nucleic acids, the method comprising: (a) providing at least one single-stranded polynucleotide; (b) providing one or more nucleic acids, at least one of which differs from the single-stranded polynucleotide(s) in at least one nucleotide, and fragmenting the one or more nucleic acids to produce a plurality of non-identical nucleic acid fragments that are capable of hybridizing to the single-stranded polynucleotide(s); (c) contacting the single-stranded polynucleotide(s) with the plurality of nucleic acid fragments, thereby producing annealed nucleic acid products; (d) contacting the products of(c) with a polymerase; and, (e) contacting the products of (d) with a ligase, thereby producing recombined nucleic acids annealed to the single-stranded polynucleotide(s).                    
                    38. A method for making a modified or recombinant nucleic acid, the method comprising: (a) providing a selected single-stranded template nucleic acid; (b) contacting the selected single-stranded template nucleic acid with a population of nucleic acid fragments, wherein the population of nucleic acid fragments comprises one or more of: (i) nucleic acid fragments which comprise nucleic acid sequences which are homologous to the single-stranded template nucleic acid; (ii) nucleic acid fragments resulting from digestion of at least first substrate molecules with a DNase, (iii) nucleic acid fragments which comprise nucleic acid sequences produced by mutagenesis of a parental nucleic acid, (iv) nucleic acid fragments comprising at least one nucleic acid sequence which is homologous to the single-stranded template nucleic acid, which sequence is present in the population at a concentration of less than 1% by weight of the total population of nucleic acid fragments, (v) nucleic acid fragments comprising at least ˜one-hundred nucleic acid sequences which are homologous to the template, or (vi) nucleic acid fragments comprising sequences of at least 50 nucleotides, thereby producing an annealed nucleic acid product; and (c) contacting the annealed nucleic acid with a polymerase and a ligase, thereby producing a recombined nucleic acid strand, wherein the template nucleic acid comprises uracil and the method further comprises degrading the template nucleic acid.                    
                    39. A method for making a recombined nucleic acid, the method comprising: (a) providing a selected single-stranded template nucleic acid; (b) contacting the selected single-stranded template nucleic acid with a population of nucleic acid fragments, wherein the population of nucleic acid fragments comprises one or more of: (i) nucleic acid fragments which comprise nucleic acid sequences which are homologous to the single-stranded template nucleic acid; (ii) nucleic acid fragments resulting from digestion of at least first substrate molecules with a DNase, (iii) nucleic acid fragments which comprise nucleic acid sequences produced by mutagenesis of a parental nucleic acid, (iv) nucleic acid fragments comprising at least one nucleic acid sequence which is homologous to the single-stranded template nucleic acid, which sequence is present in the population at a concentration of less than 1% by weight of the total population of nucleic acid fragments, (v) nucleic acid fragments comprising at least one hundred nucleic acid sequences which are homologous to the template, or (vi) nucleic acid fragments comprising sequences of at least 50 nucleotides. thereby producing an annealed nucleic acid product; and (c) contacting the annealed nucleic acid with a polymerase and a ligase, thereby producing a recombined nucleic acid strand, wherein the template nucleic acid comprises uracil and the method further comprises degrading the template nucleic acid and releasing the resulting cleaved template nucleic acid from the annealed nucleic acid.                    
                    40. A method for making a recombined nucleic acid, the method comprising: (a) providing a selected single-stranded template nucleic acid; (b) contacting the selected single-stranded template nucleic acid with a population of nucleic acid fragments, wherein the population of nucleic acid fragments comprises one or more of: (i) nucleic acid fragments which comprise nucleic acid sequences which are homologous to the single-stranded template nucleic acid; (ii) nucleic acid fragments resulting from digestion of at least first substrate molecules with a DNase, (iii) nucleic acid fragments which comprise nucleic acid sequences produced by mutagenesis of a parental nucleic acid, (iv) nucleic acid fragments comprising at least one nucleic acid sequence which is homologous to the single-stranded template nucleic acid, which sequence is present in the population at a concentration of less than 1% by weight of the total population of nucleic acid fragments, (v) nucleic acid fragments comprising at least one hundred nucleic acid sequences which are homologous to the template, or (vi) nucleic acid fragments comprising sequences of at least 50 nucleotides, thereby producing an annealed nucleic acid product; (c) contacting the annealed nucleic acid with a polymerase and a ligase, thereby producing a recombined nucleic acid strand; and (d) transforming the recombined nucleic acid into a host, wherein the host is a mutS host.                    
                    41. A method of isolating nucleic acid fragments from a set of nucleic acid fragments, the method comprising: hybridizing at least two sets of nucleic acids, wherein a first set of nucleic acids comprises single-stranded nucleic acid templates and a second set of nucleic acids comprises at least one set of nucleic acid fragments; separating the hybridized nucleic acids from nonhybridized nucleic acids by at least one first separation technique; and, denaturing the separated hybridized nucleic acids to yield the single-stranded nucleic acid templates and isolated nucleic acid fragments.                    
                    42. The method of claim 41, wherein the first set of nucleic acids comprises nucleic acids selected from the group consisting of: sense cDNA sequences, antisense cDNA sequences, sense DNA sequences, antisense DNA sequences, sense RNA sequences, and antisense RNA sequences.                    
                    43. The method of claim 41, wherein the first and second sets of nucleic acids comprise substantially homologous sequences.                    
                    44. The method of claim 41, wherein the second set of nucleic acids comprises a standardized or a non-standardized set of nucleic acids.                    
                    45. The method of claim 41, wherein the second set of nucleic acids to comprises chimeric nucleic acid sequence fragments.                    
                    46. The method of claim 41, wherein the second set of nucleic acids is derived from the group consisting of: cultured microorganisms, uncultured microorganisms, complex biological mixtures, tissues, sera, pooled sera or tissues, multispecies consortia, fossilized or other nonliving biological remains, environmental isolates, soils, groundwaters, waste facilities, and deep-sea environments.                    
                    47. The method of claim 41, wherein the second set of nucleic acids is synthesized.                    
                    48. The method of claim 41, wherein the second set of nucleic acids is derived from the group consisting of: individual cDNA molecules, cloned sets of cDNAs, cDNA libraries, extracted RNAs, natural RNAs, in vitro transcribed RNAs, characterized genomic DNAs, uncharacterized genomic DNAs, cloned genomic DNAs, genomic DNA libraries, enzymatically fragmented DNAs, enzymatically fragmented RNAs, chemically fragmented DNAs, chemically fragmented RNAs, physically fragmented DNAs, and physically fragmented RNAs.                    
                    49. The method of claim 41, wherein the single-stranded nucleic acid templates each comprise at least one affinity-label.                    
                    50. The method of claim 41, comprising performing each step sequentially in a single reaction vessel.                    
                    51. The method of claim 41, comprising performing at least one step in at least one reaction vessel separate from other steps.                    
                    52. The method of claim 41, further comprising separating the isolated nucleic acid fragments from the single-stranded nucleic acid templates by at least one second separation technique following the denaturing step.                    
                    53. The method of claim 52, wherein the single-stranded nucleic acid templates comprise sense single-stranded nucleic acid templates and wherein the at least one set of nucleic acid fragments comprise at least one set of antisense nucleic acid fragments that correspond to the sense single-stranded nucleic acid templates thereby providing isolated antisense nucleic acid fragments.                    
                    54. The method of claim 52, wherein the single-stranded nucleic acid templates comprise antisense single-stranded nucleic acid templates and the at least one set of nucleic acid fragments which comprise at least one set of sense nucleic acid fragments that correspond to the antisense single-stranded nucleic acid templates thereby providing isolated sense nucleic acid fragments.                    
                    55. The method of claim 41, wherein the at least one first or the at least one second separation technique to comprise a technique selected from the group consisting of: an affinity-based separation, a centrifugation, a fluorescence-based separation, a magnetic field-based separation, an electrophoretic separation, a microfluidic molecular separation, a magnetic separation, and a chromatographic separation.                    
                    56. The method of claim 52, wherein the at least one first or the at least one second separation technique to comprise a technique selected from the group consisting of: an affinity-based separation, a centrifugation, a fluorescence-based separation, a magnetic field-based separation, an electrophoretic separation, a microfluidic molecular separation, a magnetic separation, and a chromatographic separation.                    
                    57. The method of claim 41, comprising cleaving nonhybridized portions of the hybridized nucleic acid fragments by nuclease cleavage before or after the separating step.                    
                    58. A method for producing in vitro a plurality of polynucleotides having at least one desirable property, said method comprising: (a) subjecting a plurality of starting or parental polynucleotides to an exonuclease-mediated recombination process so as to produce a plurality of progeny polynucleotides; and (b) subjecting the progeny polynucleotides to an end selection-based screening and enrichment process, so as to select one or more of the progeny polynucleotides having at least one desirable property.                    
                    59. The method according to claim 58 wherein the recombination process generates ligation-compatible ends in the plurality of progeny polynucleotides.                    
                    60. The method according to claim 59 further comprising one or more intermolecular ligations between members of the progeny polynucleotides via the ligation-compatible ends, thereby achieving assembly and/or reassembly mutagenesis.                    
                    61. The method according to claim 60 wherein the intermolecular ligations are directional ligations.                    
                    62. The method according to claim 58 further comprising introducing two or more of the progeny polynucleotides into isolated host cells such that a plurality of hybrid polynucleotides are generated by recombination and/or reductive reassortment of the two or more progeny polynucleotides by the host cells.                    
                    63. The method according to claim 58 wherein the plurality of starting polynucleotides comprises double stranded polynucleotides and the exonuclease-mediated recombination process creates therefrom a remaining polynucleotide strand that is partially or completely free of its original partner polynucleotide and causes hybridization of the remaining polynucleotide strand to another partner polynucleotide.                    
                    64. The method according to claim 63 wherein the exonuclease-mediated recombination process utilizes a 3′ exonuclease.                    
                    65. The method according to claim 64 wherein the 3′ exonuclease is exonuclease III.                    
                    66. The method according to claim 63 wherein the exonuclease-mediated recombination process comprises utilizes a 5′ exonuclease.                    
                    67. The method according to claim 58 wherein the plurality of starting polynucleotides comprises an unhybridized single-stranded end of an annealed nucleic acid strand in a heteromeric nucleic acid complex and the exonuclease-mediated recombination process liberates terminal nucleotides therefrom to leave a shortened, hybridized end.                    
                    68. The method according to claim 58 wherein the screening comprises high-throughput screening.                    
                    69. A method for producing a plurality of mutant polypeptides having at least one desirable property, said method comprising: (a) subjecting a plurality of starting or parental polynucleotides to an exonuclease-mediated recombination process so as to produce a plurality of progeny polynucleotides; (b) introducing the progeny polynucleotides into a host cell so as to cause expression of a plurality of mutant polypeptides having an end selection marker; and (c) subjecting the mutant polypeptides to an end selection-based screening so as to select one or more having at least one desirable property.                    
                    70. The method according to claim 69 wherein the recombination introduces ligation-compatible ends into the progeny polynucleotides and wherein the method further comprises ligation of the progeny polynucleotides into an expression vector system via the ligation-compatible ends prior to introducing the progeny polynucleotides into the host cell.                    
                    71. The method according to claim 70 further comprising expression cloning of the polynucleotide set, and wherein the screening involves screening of a plurality of the mutant polypeptides produced by the expression cloning.                    
                    72. A method of making a recombined nucleic acid that encodes a product having a desired property, the method comprising: (a) providing at least one single-stranded polynucleotide; (b) hybridizing a plurality of nucleic acid fragments to the single-stranded polynucleotide, which nucleic acid fragments are produced by fragmentation of a plurality of non-identical substrate nucleic acids; (c) extending and ligating the resulting hybridized nucleic acid fragments, thereby producing one or more recombined nucleic acid; and, (d) screening or selecting one or more product encoded by the recombined nucleic acid, or a complementary strand thereto, for the desired property, thereby identifying the recombined nucleic acid that encodes the product having the desired property.                    
                    73. The method of claim 72, wherein the one or more recombined nucleic acid of products of (c) are treated with uracil glycosylase.                    
                    74. The method of claim 73, further comprising amplifying the one or more recombined nucleic acid under conditions wherein the single-stranded polynucleotide is not amplified, thereby producing a population of recombined nucleic acids.                    
                    75. The method of claim 74, wherein the one or more recombined nucleic acid is amplified in vivo.                    
                    76. The method of claim 72, wherein the substrate nucleic acids are fragmented by sonication or shearing.                    
                    77. The method of claim 72, wherein the substrate nucleic acids are fragmented by nuclease digestion.                    
                    78. The method of claim 72, wherein the nucleic acid fragments are provided in single-stranded form.                    
                    79. The method of claim 72, wherein step (d) comprises: (i) introducing the recombined nucleic acid, or the complementary strand thereto, into a population of cells; (ii) expressing the recombined nucleic acid, or the complementary strand thereto, in the population of cells, thereby producing the one or more product; and, (iii) selecting or screening the cell population or the one or more product for the desired property.                    
                    80. A method of identifying a recombined polynucleotide with a desired functional property, comprising: (a) providing at least one single-stranded uracil-containing polynucleotide; (b) providing a plurality of non-identical nucleic acid fragments capable of hybridizing to the single-stranded uracil-containing polynucleotide, wherein said plurality of nucleic acid fragments are produced by fragmentation of one or more substrate nucleic acids differing in sequence from the single-stranded uracil-containing polynucleotide; (c) contacting the single-stranded uracil-containing polynucleotide with the plurality of nucleic acid fragments, thereby producing an annealed nucleic acid; (d) incubating the annealed nucleic acid with a polymerase and a ligase, thereby producing a recombined polynucleotide strand annealed to the uracil-containing polynucleotide; (e) amplifying the recombined polynucleotide strand under conditions wherein the uracil-containing polynucleotide is not amplified, thereby producing a population of recombined polynucleotides; and, (f) screening or selecting the population of recombined polynucleotides for the desired functional property, thereby identifying one or more polynucleotide(s) with the desired functional property.                    
                    81. A method of identifying a recombined DNA molecule encoding a protein with a desired functional property, comprising: (a) providing at least one single-stranded uracil-containing DNA molecule, which single-stranded uracil-containing DNA molecule, or a complementary strand thereto, encodes a protein; (b) providing a plurality of non-identical DNA fragments capable of hybridizing to the single-stranded uracil-containing DNA molecule, wherein said DNA fragments are produced by fragmentation of one or more substrate DNA molecules encoding at least one additional variant of the protein and wherein the fragmentation is by digestion with DNAse I; (c) contacting the single-stranded uracil-containing DNA molecule with the plurality of DNA fragments, thereby producing an annealed DNA molecule; (d) incubating the annealed DNA molecule with a polymerase and a ligase, thereby producing a recombined DNA strand annealed to the uracil-containing DNA molecule; (e) amplifying the recombined DNA strand under conditions wherein the uracil-containing DNA molecule is not amplified, thereby producing a population of recombined DNA molecules; and, (f) screening or selecting the population of recombined DNA molecules to identify those that encode a polypeptide having the desired functional property, thereby identifying one or more DNA molecules(s) that encode a polypeptide with the desired functional property.                    
                    82. A method of producing a recombined polynucleotide having a desired characteristic, comprising: (a) providing a plurality of related-sequence double-stranded template polynucleotides, comprising polynucleotides with non-identical sequences; (b) providing a plurality of single-stranded nucleic acid fragments capable of hybridizing to the template polynucleotides; (c) hybridizing single-stranded nucleic acid fragments to the template polynucleotides and extending the hybridized fragments on the template polynucleotides with a polymerase, thereby forming a plurality of sequence-recombined polynucleotides; (d) subjecting the sequence recombined polynucleotides of step (c) to at least one additional cycle of recombination to produce further sequence-recombined polynucleotides; and, (e) selecting or screening the further sequence-recombined polynucleotides for the desired characteristic.                    
                    83. The method of claim 82, wherein the plurality of template polynucleotides comprises bacterial polynucleotides.                    
                    84. The method of claim 82, wherein the plurality of template polynucleotides comprises fungal polynucleotides.                    
                    85. The method of claim 82, wherein the plurality of template polynucleotides comprises viral polynucleotides.                    
                    86. The method of claim 82, wherein the plurality of template polynucleotides comprises plant polynucleotides.                    
                    87. The method of claim 82, wherein the plurality of template polynucleotides comprises animal polynucleotides.                    
                    88. The method of claim 82, wherein the plurality of template polynucleotides encode an antibody chain.                    
                    89. The method of claim 82, wherein the additional cycle of recombination is performed in vitro.                    
                    90. The method of claim 82, wherein the desired characteristic is the capacity of a protein encoded by a further sequence-recombined nucleic acid to bind a receptor or a ligand.                    
                    91. The method of claim 82, wherein the desired characteristic is the capacity of a protein encoded by a further sequence-recombined nucleic acid to bind to an antigen.                    
                    92. The method of claim 82, wherein the desired characteristic is suitability of a protein encoded by a further sequence-recombined nucleic acid as an agent for DNA-based vaccination.                    
                    93. A method of non-stochastically producing a library of chimeric nucleic acid molecules having an overall assembly order that is non-random comprising:(a) non-randomly generating a plurality of nucleic acid building blocks having mutually compatible ligatable ends; and(b) assembling the nucleic acid building blocks, such that a designed overall assembly order is achieved; whereby a set of progenitor templates can be shuffled to generate a library of progeny polynucleotide molecules and correspondingly encoded polypeptides, and whereby screening of the progeny polynucleotide library provides a means to identify a desirable species that have a desirable property.                    
                    94. A method of non-stochastically producing a library comprised of a defined number of groupings comprised of one or more groupings of chimeric nucleic acid molecules having an overall assembly order that is chosen by design, said method comprised of-(a) generating by design for each grouping a set of specific nucleic acid building blocks having serviceable mutually compatible ligatable ends, and (b) assembling these nucleic acid building blocks according to said groupings, such that a designed overall assembly order is achieved; whereby a set of progenitor templates can be shuffled to generate a library of progeny polynucleotide molecules and correspondingly encoded polypeptides, and whereby the expression screening of the progeny polynucleotide library provides a means to identify a desirable species that has a desirable property.                    




Description:

CROSS-REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONS [0001] This application claims benefit of priority of the following applications: U.S. application Ser. No. 09/840,861, filed Apr. 25, 2001; U.S. Provisional Application No. 60/285,998; U.S. application Ser. No. 09/723,316, filed Nov. 28, 2000; PCT Application No. PCT/FR99/01973, filed Dec. 8, 1999; French Patent Application No. FR98/10338, filed Dec. 8, 1998; the U.S. Application filed by Applicant on Apr. 25, 2002; and the PCT Application filed by Applicant on Apr. 25, 2002. The foregoing applications are herein incorporated by reference in their entireties.BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION [0002] The present invention relates broadly to genetic recombination and to the field known variously as directed evolution, molecular breeding or DNA shuffling. The invention aims particularly at generating novel sequences with improved characteristics compared to those of a reference sequence. When performed outside a living organism, the process comprises a technique for in vitro evolution. The invention further relates to the sequences generated by the method, libraries of such sequences, hosts and vectors containing such sequences, proteins translated therefrom, to arrays that simulate the method of the invention, and to arrays in which the method can be performed. The invention further relates to intermediate products of the method, to reaction mixtures of certain types of polynucleotide fragments and assembly templates, and to compositions of certain assembly templates and recombinant polynucleotides produced therewith. [0003] Various techniques are known to facilitate in vitro recombination of polynucleotide sequences. The most well-known conventional techniques are DNA shuffling with sexual PCR (multiple cycles with no added primer) and staggered extension (StEP), which both rely on polymerization. [0004] Typically, in DNA shuffling with sexual PCR, DNase I randomly cuts polynucleotide sequences to form oligonucleotide fragments, the fragments initiate polymerization or PCR extension, and the recombined polynucleotides are amplified. At each hybridization step, crossovers occur at homologous regions among the sequences (“strand switching”). A schematic representation of this method appears in FIG. 1A. [0005] StEP consists of mixing various polynucleotide sequences containing various mutations in the presence of a pair of initiators. Hybridization of the initiators and polymerization is consolidated into a single, very brief step. These conditions make it possible to hybridize the initiators but also slow the polymerization so that the initiators have time to synthesize only fragments which, after denaturation, re-hybridize randomly to the various polynucleotide sequences. A schematic representation of this method appears in FIG. 1B. [0006] Relying heavily on polymerization has drawbacks. Such methods do not confer control over the rate or location of recombination, which occurs randomly during the successive stages of polymerization. Depending on the conditions and polymerase used, the polymerization can also produce either undesired supplemental mutations or insufficient numbers of mutations. The latter occurs when long gaps are filled with residues that are fully complementary to the opposite strand. Further, after enough cycles, the fragments grow very long and become what are known as “mega-initiators” (6). Mega-initiators can cause various problems, particularly when the starting polynucleotides exceed about 1.5 kb. ADVANTAGES OF THE INVENTION [0007] The invention need not rely on polymerization, size fractionation (isolation of fragments by size) or amplification of the polynucleotides or fragments. Further, Applicant believes, though not wishing except where stated otherwise to be limited thereto in any way, that the invention and embodiments confer broad advantages. [0008] First, the invention provides some control over the locations of recombination. Hybridization on a template, especially without polymerization, enables precise control of the locations where recombination occurs. For example, if a target protein contains an active site that one desires to leave unchanged, the invention is capable of limiting recombination to regions other than the active site. Furthermore, the invention can achieve high recombination between closely neighboring sequence segments. Rather than treating close-lying sequences as “linked,” and moving them in chunks, the invention can separate the close-lying sequences. Therefore, in a sense the invention also achieves high resolution, fidelity and quality of genetic diversity. Indeed, the embodiment of the invention that employs nonrandom fragmenting can use fragments as short as about 15 residues. [0009] The invention may also generate more recombination and incorporation of fragments per reaction cycle, particularly in embodiments other than ligation-only embodiments (defined below). In other words, it achieves a high quantity of genetic diversity. High quantity is achieved directly by stimulating more total recombination events. It is achieved indirectly by increasing overall efficiency. Overall efficiency is increased by using, inter alia, oriented ligation. Without oriented ligation, a sequence cut into “n” fragments will reassociate into an enormous variety of possible forms, even if only one or a few forms are useful. The present invention, on the other hand, facilitates direct achievement of the desired form. Indeed, in some embodiments of the invention, it is possible to obtain a recombinant polynucleotide after only a single reaction cycle. [0010] Typically, the invention further increases efficiency by generating relatively few unshuffled parental clones and duplicate chimeras. Avoiding these unwanted by-products provides room for more novel chimeras. The conventional methods may produce screening libraries that consist of 30% to 70% parental DNA. In all methods of directed evolution, molecular breeding or gene shuffling, a screening library of recombinant DNA molecules is produced and these molecules are expressed and screened. Screening is the most expensive and time-consuming part of the process since the libraries may contain 100,000 to several million recombinant molecules. Eliminating parental DNA from the screening libraries mitigates this problem. The elimination of parental DNA is enhanced when the template is transient, as in more preferred embodiments of the invention, because the final population is composed of only the new, variant polynucleotides. [0011] Preferred embodiments of the method, particularly those that employ solitary-stranded or non-identical templates or fragments, also facilitate low-homology shuffling, e.g., of distantly-related members of gene families. The terms “solitary-stranded” and “non-identical” are used herein to describe a population of particular single-stranded sequences that do not complement each other because they are all from the same strand, either the sense or antisense strand, of one polynucleotide or multiple homologous polynucleotides. Since on-identical fragments, for example, are not complementary or at least not strictly complementary to another fragment in the reaction mixture, hybridization is not biased toward the “wild type” sequences that would be formed by complementary fragments. Hybridization temperatures can be adjusted to the degree of homology among the sequences, thereby maximizing diversity and greatly increasing the chances of finding the right mutant in the shortest number of recombination cycles. (Note that the invention may still comprise achieving a desired bias, e.g., by using higher amounts of one parental polynucleotide.) [0012] In addition, the invention demands little preparation of the starting DNA library. The invention allows immediate use of complex or genomic DNA which may include introns. Some other methods require time-consuming isolation of mRNA and re-creation of the cDNA sequence in order to generate fragments for shuffling or reassembly. [0013] Additional advantages of the invention or its embodiments are further described herein. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION [0014] Although the present invention relates broadly to genetic recombination, “recombination” is somewhat of a misnomer with regard to the invention insofar as the term implies that two strands disassociate and then recombine with each other to form a recombinant sequence. In other words, the invention does not rely on strand switching or crossovers. Nevertheless, “recombination” and related terms are retained herein, subject to this caveat. [0015] In one embodiment, the invention includes a template-mediated method for shuffling polynucleotides, comprising hybridizing fragments of at least two homologous polynucleotides to one or more assembly templates to form at least one recombinant polynucleotide, wherein the fragments are shorter than all or substantially all of the assembly templates. [0016] In a preferred embodiment, the assembly template is not fragmented. In a more preferred embodiment, no polymerization or extension is used to create a sequence complementary to the template or to fill in long gaps. Similarly, in a preferred embodiment, the fragments are non-initiating fragments that do not act as extension primers. In yet another preferred embodiment, the formation of the recombinant polynucleotide entails (i) ligating nicks, and (ii) where necessary, any one of or any combination of the following gap filling techniques: [0017] filling in gaps by further hybridizing said fragments to said templates to increase the number of fragments that are adjacently hybridized, [0018] filling in short gaps by trimming any overhanging flaps of any partially hybridized fragments, and [0019] filling in short gaps via polymerization. [0020] In a yet a more preferred embodiment, no polymerization is used except to optionally amplify the final recombinant polynucleotides. In a still more preferred embodiment, no polymerization is used at all. Most preferably, the method uses only a ligase and/or flap endonuclease to form the hybridized fragments into a recombinant polynucleotide. [0021] Preferably, any of the steps or substeps may be repeated as necessary. In another embodiment, the method of the invention generates a recombinant polynucleotide after only one round, cycle or single operation of each step of the invention. In a preferred embodiment, the method further comprises step (d) selecting at least one of said recombinant polynucleotides that has a desired property. More preferably, the steps occur in vitro (outside a living organism). In some preferred embodiments, the method employs, inter alia, nonrandom fragmentation, transient templates, and non-identical templates or fragments. In a more preferred embodiment, the assembly template is devised. [0022] In an alternative embodiment, at least two of the fragments adjacently hybridize to the template, more preferably all of the fragments adjacently hybridize. [0023] In another alternative embodiment, the invention comprises a template-mediated method for nonrandom low-homology shuffling of gene families in vitro. Whether homology is considered low differs in different contexts, but homology that ranges below 50% (e.g., 40-70% or 20-45%) would typically be considered low. In another alternative embodiment, the parental polynucleotides vary in length by more than two residues. [0024] In yet another alternative embodiment, the invention comprises a template-mediated method for in vitro nonrandom shuffling of mutation-containing zones of polynucleotide alleles. This embodiment further comprises locating restriction sites for mutation-containing zones among the alleles, and obtaining fragments corresponding to those restriction sites. [0025] The invention further includes sequences created by the method, libraries of same, hosts and vectors containing same and proteins translated therefrom. It also includes a logical array, such as a computer algorithm, that simulates the inventive method, or a physical array, such as a biochip, in which the inventive method may be performed. The invention further relates to intermediate products of the method, to reaction mixtures of polynucleotide fragments and assembly templates that can be used to carry out some or all steps of the method, and to compositions of certain assembly templates and recombinant polynucleotides produced therewith. [0026] The foregoing summaries are nonexhaustive. Further alternative embodiments and additional optional features of the invention appear throughout this application. DEFINITIONS [0027] “In vitro”, as used herein, refers to any location outside a living organism. [0028] “Homologous” polynucleotides differ from each other at least at one corresponding residue position. Thus, as used herein, “homologous” encompasses what is sometimes referred to as “partially heterologous.” The homology, e.g., among the parental polynucleotides, may range from 20 to 99.99%, preferably 30 to 90, more preferably 40 to 80%. In some embodiments the term homologous may describe sequences that are, for example, only about 20-45% identical at corresponding residue positions. Homologous sequences may or may not share with each other a common ancestry or evolutionary origin.[0029] “Polynucleotide” and “polynucleotide sequence” refer to any nucleic or ribonucleic acid sequence, including mRNA, that is single-stranded, non-identical or partially or fully double-stranded. When partially or fully double-stranded, each strand may be identical or heterologous to the other, unless indicated otherwise. A polynucleotide may be a gene or a portion of a gene. “Gene” refers to a polynucleotide or portion thereof associated with a known or unknown biological function or activity. A gene can be obtained in different ways, including extraction from a nucleic acid source, chemical synthesis and synthesis by polymerization. “Parental polynucleotide” and “parent” are interchangeable synonyms that refer to the polynucleotides that are fragmented to create donor fragments. Parental polynucleotides are often derived from genes. “Recombined polynucleotide,” “mutant polynucleotide,” “chimeric polynucleotide” and “chimera” generally refer to the polynucleotides that are generated by the method. However, these terms may refer to other chimeric polynucleotides, such as chimeric polynucleotides in the initial library. “Reference sequence” refers to a polynucleotide, often from a gene, having desired properties or properties close to those desired, and which is used as a target or benchmark for creating or evaluating other polynucleotides. [0030] “Polynucleotide library” and “DNA library” refer to a group, pool or bank of polynucleotides containing at least two homologous polynucleotides or fragments thereof. A polynucleotide library may comprise either an initial library or a screening library. “Initial library,” “initial polynucleotide library,” “initial DNA library,” “parental library” and “start library” refer to a group, pool or bank of polynucleotides or fragments thereof containing at least two homologous parental polynucleotides or fragments thereof. The initial library may comprise genomic or complex DNA and include introns. It may also comprise sequences generated by prior rounds of shuffling. Similarly, a screening library or other limited library of recombinant polynucleotides or fragments may serve as and be referred to as an initial library. “Screening library” refers to the polynucleotide library that contains chimeras generated by the inventive process or another recombinant process. [0031] “Residue” refers to an individual nucleotide or ribonucleotide, rather than to multiple nucleotides or ribonucleotides. Residue may refer to a free residue that is not part of a polynucleotide or fragment, or to a single residue that forms a part of a polynucleotide or fragment. [0032] “Donor fragments” and “fragments” generally refer to the fragmented portions of parental polynucleotides. Fragments may also refer to supplemental or substitute fragments that are added to the reaction mixture and/or that derive from a source other than fragmentation of the parental polynucleotides. Most or all of the fragments should be shorter than the parental polynucleotides. Most or all of the fragments are shorter than the assembly templates. As used herein, the donor fragments preferably do not initiate polymerase extension, i.e., they are not primers. [0033] “Nonrandom” and “controlled,” as used herein, refer broadly to the control or predictability, e.g., over the rate or location of recombination, achieved via the template and/or ligation-orientation of the invention. Nonrandom and controlled may also refer more specifically to techniques of fragmenting polynucleotides that enable some control or predictability over the size or sequence of the resulting fragments. For example, using restriction enzymes to cut the polynucleotides provides some control over the characteristics of the fragments. Note that the invention may still be considered nonrandom when it employs random fragmentation (typically by DNase I digestion). In such cases, the assembly template and other features of the invention still provide a degree of control. In preferred embodiments, however, the fragmentation is nonrandom or controlled. [0034] “Assembly template” and “template” refer to a polynucleotide used as a scaffold or matrix upon which fragments may anneal or hybridize to form a partially or fully double-stranded polynucleotide. The templates of the invention are to be distinguished from various sequences in the art that have been referred to as “templates.” For example, the templates of the present invention do not include overlapping donor fragments that facilitate the extension of complementary donor fragments hybridized thereto. As such, the template is distinct from the donor fragments at some point in the process. The templates of the present invention also do not include those sequences used in processes that rely heavily on polymerase extension to generate all or most of the opposing strand. In other words, the invention relies on hybridization of donor fragments to form the brunt of the recombinant strand. Preferably, the template strand of the recombinant polynucleotide formed by the process, although it may itself be recombinant, does not undergo recombination during the process. In other words, preferably no donor fragments are incorporated into the template strand during a cycle of the process. The template may be synthetic, result from shuffling or other artificial processes, or it may exist in nature. “Transient template” refers to a template that is not itself incorporated into the final recombinant polynucleotides. This transience is caused by separation or disintegration of the template strand of the nonfinal recombinant polynucleotide generated during the method. The template may derive from the reference sequence, the initial library, the screening library or elsewhere. Although the template may comprise or derive from a parental polynucleotide of the initial library, in a preferred embodiment the template is “devised,” and a polynucleotide does not qualify as a devised template if it enters the shuffling process accidentally, e.g., by somehow slipping into the hybridization step without being fragmented. In other words, a devised template is not entirely random or accidental. Rather, at least to some extent a devised template is directly or indirectly obtained for use as a template by a human being, or a computer operated thereby, via purposeful planning, conception, formulation, creation, derivation and/or selection of either a specific desired polynucleotide sequence(s) or a sequence(s) from a source(s) that is likely to contain a desired sequence(s). Finally, note that the word “template” is unnecessary. A polynucleotide, often a single-stranded polynucleotide, that acts like the template of the invention is indeed the template of the invention whether or not it is referred to as a template. “Matrix” or “scaffold” are also synonyms of template. Similarly, embodiments of the method are “template-mediated” whether or not they are expressly described as such. For example, the “ligation-oriented” and “exonuclease-mediated” embodiments of the invention use the template of the invention. “Solitary-stranded” or “non-identical” is used to describe a population of single-stranded sequences that do not complement each other because they are all from the same strand, either sense or antisense, of one polynucleotide or multiple homologous polynucleotides. In other words, sequences from the opposing complementary strands are absent, so the population contains no sequences that are complementary to each other. For example, the population of non-identical fragments may consist of fragments of the top strands of the parental polynucleotides, whereas the population of non-identical templates may consist of bottom strands of one or more of the parental polynucleotides. [0035] “Ligation” refers to creation of a phosphodiester bond between two residues. [0036] “Nick” refers to the absence of a phosphodiester bond between two residues that are hybridized to the same strand of a polynucleotide. Nick includes the absence of phosphodiester bonds caused by DNases or other enzymes, as well as the absences of bonds between adjacently hybridized fragments that have simply not been ligated. As used herein, nick does not encompass residue gaps. [0037] “Gap” and “residue gap,” as used herein, refer to the absence of one or more residues on a strand of a partially double-stranded polynucleotide. In some embodiments of the invention, short gaps (less than approximately 15-50 residues) are filled in by polymerases and/or flap trimming. Long gaps are conventionally filled in by polymerases. [0038] “Hybridization” has its common meaning except that it may encompass any necessary cycles of denaturing and re-hybridization. [0039] “Adjacent fragments” refer to hybridized fragments whose ends are flush against each other and separated only by nicks, not by gaps. [0040] “Ligation-only” refers to embodiments of the invention that do not utilize or require any gap filling, polymerase extension or flap trimming. In ligation-only embodiments, all of the fragments hybridize adjacently. Note that embodiments that are not ligation-only embodiments still use ligation. [0041] As used herein, “ligation-oriented,” “oriented ligation” and “ligation-compatible” generally represent or refer to a template-mediated process that enables ligation of fragments or residues in a relatively set or relatively predictable order. In “ligation-only” embodiments, the method employs no gap filling techniques and instead relies on ligation of adjacent fragments, often achieved after multiple hybridization events. [0042] As used herein, “exonuclease-mediated” generally refers to a template-mediated process that employs flap trimming to enable ligation of fragments or residues in a relatively set or relatively predictable order.BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS [0043] Reference is made to the appended drawings in which: [0044] FIG. 1 is a schematic representation of conventional DNA-shuffling (FIG. 1A) and StEP (FIG. 1B). [0045] FIG. 2 is a schematic representation of an embodiment of the process of the invention and of certain of its variations and applications. [0046] FIG. 3 represents the positions of the ten zones of mutations (Pvu II and Pst I) carried by each mutant of the ponB gene. [0047] FIG. 4 represents the position of the primers used compared to the sequence of the ponB gene. [0048] FIG. 5 represents the migration on agarose gel of RLR and of PCR reaction products of these RLR reactions. [0049] FIG. 6 represents the position of the mutations compared to the restriction fragments. [0050] FIG. 7 depicts the results of error-prone PCR on WT XynA gene using 1% agarose gel. [0051] FIG. 8 depicts thermal inactivation of mutant 33 at 82° C. [0052] FIG. 9 depicts the results of fragmentation of PCR products with six restriction endonucleases, using 3% agarose gel. [0053] FIG. 10 depicts the results of L-Shuffling™ experiments using 1% agarose gel. [0054] FIG. 11 depicts the results of using PCR Pfu on L-Shuffling™ products, using 1% agarose gel. [0055] FIG. 12 depicts thermal inactivation of mutants at 95° C. [0056] FIG. 13 depicts the results of DNaseI fragmentation of Thermotoga neapolitana (A) and Acidobacterium capsulatum (B) genes, using 1% agarose gel. [0057] FIG. 14 depicts the results of L-Shuffling™ experiments, using 1% agarose gel. [0058] FIG. 15A depicts the results of L-Shuffling™ using n cycles of steps (b) and (c), and FIG. 15B shows the PCR amplification of the corresponding L-Shuffling™ products. [0059] FIG. 16 depicts the results of L-Shuffling™ experiments using increased quantities of fragments.DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF PREFERRED EMBODIMENTS OF THE INVENTION [0060] One embodiment of the invention comprises a template-mediated method for shuffling polynucleotides, comprising hybridizing fragments of at least two homologous polynucleotides to one or more assembly templates to form at least one recombinant polynucleotide, wherein the fragments are shorter than all or substantially all of the assembly templates. [0061] Preferably, once the partially double-stranded polynucleotides become adequately double-stranded, they are selected for advantageous properties compared to those of one or several reference sequences. Advantageous characteristics may include, for example, thermostability of an enzyme or its activity under certain pH or salinity conditions. Among many other possible uses, such enzymes may be used for desizing textile fibers, bleaching paper pulps, producing flavors in dairy products, or biocatalyzing synthesis of new therapeutic molecules. [0062] The process may also comprise disintegrating the template strand or separating it from the recombinant strand before or after the selection. It may further comprise amplifying the recombinant sequences before selection, or cloning of recombinant polynucleotide sequences after separation of the recombinant strand from the template. Any amplification technique is acceptable. Due to initiators that can hybridize only to the ends of recombinant sequences, PCR enables selective amplification of the recombinant sequences. However, unlike shuffling with sexual PCR, the invention does not require amplification during the recombination reactions. [0063] A preferred screening technique entails in vitro expression via in vitro transcription of recombinant polynucleotides, followed by in vitro translation of the mRNAs. This technique eliminates cellular physiological problems and the drawbacks connected with in vivo expression cloning. Further, this technique is easily automated, which enables screening of a high number of recombinant sequences. [0064] Although embodiments of the invention may not in fact need to cycle through any steps more than once (“non-iterative”), the invention also encompasses repetition of any of its steps or substeps. For instance, the process may or may not entail multiple hybridization events. The hybridization may encompass any necessary cycles of denaturing and re-hybridizing. If necessary, repeated hybridization may be performed in part or in whole on ligated and/or non-ligated fragments produced during the process, rather than only on the initial donor fragments produced. The ligation-only embodiments typically require multiple iterations. In addition to encompassing repetition of steps, the invention includes embodiments that allow simultaneous operation of those steps that are known in the art as capable of simultaneous operation. [0065] In a preferred embodiment, the initial library is itself produced by the present invention. Either in vivo or in vitro screens can be used to form this library for repeating the process of the invention. The recombinant sequences selected after a first running of the process can be optionally mixed with other sequences. [0066] The initial library can also be produced by any method known to one skilled in the art, for example, by starting from a wild-type gene, by successive managed stages of mutagenesis, by “error-prone” PCR (2), by random chemical mutagenesis, by random mutagenesis in vivo, or by combining genes of close or relatively distant families within the same or different species. Preferably, the initial library results from chain polymerization reactions under conditions that create random, localized mutations. The invention may also comprise synthetic sequences. Assembly Templates [0067] The assembly template is, for example, a polynucleotide from the initial library or a polynucleotide produced therefrom. The template may be synthetic, result from shuffling or other artificial processes, or it may exist in nature. The template can be single- or double-stranded. If double-stranded, it must be denatured before actual hybridization can occur. [0068] Preferred embodiments use a non-identical template. More preferred embodiments use as a non-identical template the bottom-strand from one parent polynucleotide and use as fragments top-strand fragments from other homologous parents. This prevents re-annealing of sequences to their own complementary strands. To obtain non-identical DNA molecules, a Bluescript phagemide or a vector of the family of filamentous phages such as M13mp18 can be used. Another method consists in creating double-stranded molecules by PCR by using an initiator phosphorylated at 5′ and the other non-phosphorylated. The digestion of the lambda phage by the exonuclease will destroy the strands of DNA phosphorylated at 5, leaving the non-phosphorylated strands intact. Another method of creating non-identical molecules consists in making an amplification, by asymmetric PCR, starting from a methylated DNA template. Digestion by Dpn I will destroy the methylated strands, leaving intact the amplification products that will then be able to be purified after denaturation. [0069] Preferred embodiments also use transient templates that are not incorporated within the final recombined polynucleotide, e.g., not part of the polynucleotide that is transferred to the screening library. One technique of conferring transience employs markers on either the recombinant strand or the template. For example, the template may be marked by a hapten and separated by, for example, fixing an antihapten antibody on a carrier or by initiating a biotin-streptavidin reaction. Another technique comprises synthesizing a transient template by PCR amplification using methylated dATP, which enables degradation of the template by restriction endonuclease Dpn I. In this case, the recombinant strand must not contain methylated dATP. A transient template can also by prepared by PCR amplification with dUTP, which enables degradation with uracil-DNA-glycosylase. Conversely, it is possible to protect the recombinant strand by amplifying it with selective PCR with oligonucleotides carrying phosphorothioated groups at 5′. A treatment with an exonuclease thus enables exclusive degradation of the template. In most preferred embodiments, transience is conferred by using a uracil-containing template such as mRNA. mRNA has a higher affinity of binding and can be removed by mRNA-specific enzymes. Such an mRNA template can be prepared in vivo or in vitro. In more preferred embodiments, use of an mRNA template entails including in the process at least three primers linked with a ligase. [0070] In yet another preferred embodiment, the template enables orientation of multimolecular ligation of flush ends. In this embodiment, the template comprises a single- or double-stranded polynucleotide that is exactly complementary to the 3′ end of a first fragment and to the 5′ end of a second fragment that is adjacent to the first fragment in the parental polynucleotide. This facilitates adjacent hybridization of these two ends on the template. [0071] Further embodiments include any or all of the following: the template and donor fragments are from different sources, the template is separately added to the reaction mixture, and/or the template is modified in specific ways to increase chimeragenesis. Donor Fragments [0072] Fragments can be recruited from homologous polynucleotides, related genes or from other genes. The parental DNA need not be characterized at all, but can be extracted from cells, clinical samples or the environment. As used herein, “hybridizing fragments” encompasses not only using pre-fragmented single- or double-stranded fragments from an initial fragment-containing library, but also the substep of fragmenting single- or double-stranded parental polynucleotides from an initial library to obtain the fragments which are then hybridized. he fragments may comprise fragments produced by combining distinct libraries of fragments, fragmenting parental polynucleotides from distinct starting libraries or fragmenting parental polynucleotides from the same library in different ways, such as with different restriction enzymes. Furthermore, the invention may comprise employing more fragments from one parental polynucleotide than another. For example, an experimenter using the process may bias the results by using more fragments of or parts of polynucleotide X than fragments of or parts of polynucleotide Y. [0073] In one embodiment, supplemental single- or double-stranded fragments of variable length are added to the reaction mixture. These supplemental fragments may substitute for some of the donor fragments, particularly if their sequences are homologous to the donor fragments. Such supplemental fragments may, for example, introduce one or more direct mutations. Donor or supplemental fragments may also comprise synthetic fragments. [0074] Fragmenting may occur before or after denaturing of the sequences that are fragmented. Fragmentation can be controlled or random. If random, any enzymatic or mechanical means known to those skilled in the art can be used to randomly cut the DNA, for example, digestion by DNase I or ultrasonication. If the fragmentation is controlled, it facilitates management over the degree, rate, efficiency and/or location of recombination. A preferred embodiment comprises hydrolyzing the parental polynucleotides with restriction enzymes to create restriction donor fragments. Restriction enzymes provide control over the degree, rate and efficiency of recombination by controlling the number of fragments produced per sequence. For example, the number may be increased by using restriction enzymes with many cutting sites or by using several different restriction enzymes. The greater the number of fragments produced per sequence, the greater the number (n) of fragments that must be recomposed to form a recombinant sequence. Preferably, n is 3 or more. [0075] By controlling the nature and position of the fragment ends, restriction enzymes further provide control over not only degree and rate but also the location where recombination occurs. For example, the fragmenting can be designed so that the cuts occur in zones of the parent sequences that are homologous to zones in a reference sequence or an assembly template. [0076] Fragments are preferably about 15-500 residues in length. When fragmentation is performed nonrandomly, the fragments are advantageously at least 15 residues in length and more preferably about 15-40 residues in length. The phrase “at least 15 residues” means between about 15 residues and the length of the longest polynucleotide used less one residue. When fragmentation is performed randomly, they are more preferably about 50-500 residues in length. [0077] Preferably, the ends of at least two of the fragments are capable of being adjacently hybridized and ligated. In a preferred embodiment the invention employs flap trimming enzymes to make ligatable ends that would otherwise result in unproductive fragments. These enzymes recognize and degrade or cut in a specific way the nonhybridized ends of fragments when they cover other hybridized fragments on the same template. [0078] A preferred enzyme is Flap endonuclease. When the fragments are initially double-stranded, an embodiment of the invention comprises using specific exonucleases that recognize and degrade single-stranded sequences like the nonhybridized ends of the fragments. Such single-strand exonucleases or Flap endonucleases are preferably at a concentration (e.g., about 1.8-2.2 μg/ml of Flap endonuclease) that avoids their more general exonuclease activity, which could, for example, degrade the templates or recombinant sequences. These enzymes increase the number of fragment ends that can be ligated, which is particularly useful for randomly cut fragments because they tend to result in many overhanging flaps. Use of such enzymes with low hybridization temperatures and/or high hybridization times (e.g., two minutes) also facilitates recombination between low-homology polynucleotides. For example, a preferred embodiment that employs random fragmenting includes use of a Flap endonuclease and a wide range of hybridization temperature (e.g., from 5 to 65° C.) that can be disconnected from ligation with regard to temperature, particularly when the hybridization temperature is lower than the high ligation temperature (e.g., about 60-75° C.). Most preferably, the Flap endonuclease concentration is about 2 μg/ml, the hybridization temperature is about 10° C. and the ligation temperature is about 65° C. When such trimming enzymes are employed, they are preferably thermoresistant, thermostable and active at high temperatures, like the ligase. Alternative Embodiments and Optional Features of the Invention [0079] Unlike conventional shuffling methods, various embodiments of the invention do not require thermocycling, e.g., the repeated heating and cooling necessary for sexual PCR. In various embodiments, the process may be used to create gene-length polynucleotides or short polynucleotides. In various embodiments, hybridization may occur under conditions of low stringency. In various embodiments, the ratio between templates and chimeric polynucleotides produced is about 1. In various embodiments, no DNases are employed. In various embodiments, the initial library comprises variants of a single gene. In various embodiments, the initial library may comprise polynucleotides having artificially induced point mutations. In various embodiments, the invention may be used for whole genome shuffling. In various embodiments, the steps may occur in vivo rather than in vitro. Further, when amplifying fragments by PCR, for example, the initiated sequences can be designed to produce fragments whose ends are adjacent all along the assembly template. [0080] Additional alternative embodiments of the invention are listed below. This list is nonexhaustive and variations of these embodiments may appear in the claims and elsewhere in this application. [0081] A polynucleotide shuffling reaction mixture comprising fragments of at least two homologous polynucleotides and at least one assembly template upon which the fragments can hybridize, wherein the fragments are shorter than all or substantially all of the templates. [0082] A polynucleotide shuffling reaction mixture comprising free fragments of at least two homologous polynucleotides and at least one partially double-stranded polynucleotide comprising a strand of an assembly template and an opposite partial strand of hybridized fragments, wherein the free fragments are shorter than all or substantially all of the templates. [0083] A method for producing a recombinant DNA encoding a protein, the method comprising: (a) digesting at least a first and second DNA substrate molecule, wherein the at least first and second substrate molecules are homologous and differ from each other in at least one nucleotide, with a restriction endonuclease, wherein the at least first and second DNA substrate molecules each encode a protein, or are homologous to a protein-encoding DNA substrate molecule; (b) ligating the resulting mixture of DNA fragments to generate a library of recombinant DNA molecules, which library comprises a plurality of DNA molecules, each comprising a subsequence from the first nucleic acid and a subsequence from the second nucleic acid, wherein the plurality of DNA molecules are homologous; (c) screening or selecting the resulting products of (b) for a desired property; (d) recovering a recombinant DNA molecule encoding an evolved protein; and (e) repeating steps (a)-(d) using the recombinant DNA molecule of step (d) as the first or second DNA substrate molecule of step (a), whereby a recombinant DNA encoding a protein is produced. Preferably, steps (a)-(d) are repeated more than once. More preferably, the first or second DNA substrate molecule comprises a gene cluster. Still more preferably, at least one restriction endonuclease fragment from a DNA substrate molecule is isolated and subjected to mutagenesis to generate a library of mutant fragments. The library of mutant fragments may be used in the ligation of (b). Even more preferably, the mutagenesis comprises recursive sequence recombination. The product of (d) may also be subjected to mutagenesis, preferably recursive sequence recombination. Further, the product of (e) may be used as a DNA substrate molecule in (b). Also, the recombinant DNA substrate molecule of (d) may comprise a library of recombinant DNA substrate molecules. Some other preferred features of this alternative embodiment appear elsewhere in this application. [0084] A method for making recombined nucleic acids, the method comprising: (a) providing at least one single-stranded polynucleotide; (b) providing one or more nucleic acids, at least one of which differs from the single-stranded polynucleotide(s) in at least one nucleotide, and fragmenting the one or more nucleic acids to produce a plurality of non-identical nucleic acid fragments that are capable of hybridizing to the single-stranded polynucleotide(s); (c) contacting the single-stranded polynucleotide(s) with the plurality of nucleic acid fragments, thereby producing annealed nucleic acid products; (d) contacting the products of(c) with a polymerase; and, (e) contacting the products of (d) with a ligase, thereby producing recombined nucleic acids annealed to the single-stranded polynucleotide(s). Preferred features of this alternative embodiment appear elsewhere in this application. [0085] A method for making a modified or recombinant nucleic acid, the method comprising: (a) providing a selected single-stranded template nucleic acid; (b) contacting the selected single-stranded template nucleic acid with a population of nucleic acid fragments, wherein the population of nucleic acid fragments comprises one or more of: (i) nucleic acid fragments which comprise nucleic acid sequences which are homologous to the single-stranded template nucleic acid; (ii) nucleic acid fragments resulting from digestion of at least first substrate molecules with a DNase, (iii) nucleic acid fragments which comprise nucleic acid sequences produced by mutagenesis of a parental nucleic acid, (iv) nucleic acid fragments comprising at least one nucleic acid sequence which is homologous to the single-stranded template nucleic acid, which sequence is present in the population at a concentration of less than 1% by weight of the total population of nucleic acid fragments, (v) nucleic acid fragments comprising at least ˜one-hundred nucleic acid sequences which are homologous to the template, or (vi) nucleic acid fragments comprising sequences of at least 50 nucleotides, thereby producing an annealed nucleic acid product; and (c) contacting the annealed nucleic acid with a polymerase and a ligase, thereby producing a recombined nucleic acid strand, wherein the template nucleic acid comprises uracil and the method further comprises degrading the template nucleic acid. Some preferred features of this alternative embodiment appear elsewhere in this application. [0086] A method for making a recombined nucleic acid, the method comprising: (a) providing a selected single-stranded template nucleic acid; (b) contacting the selected single-stranded template nucleic acid with a population of nucleic acid fragments, wherein the population of nucleic acid fragments comprises one or more of: (i) nucleic acid fragments which comprise nucleic acid sequences which are homologous to the single-stranded template nucleic acid; (ii) nucleic acid fragments resulting from digestion of at least first substrate molecules with a DNase, (iii) nucleic acid fragments which comprise nucleic acid sequences produced by mutagenesis of a parental nucleic acid, (iv) nucleic acid fragments comprising at least one nucleic acid sequence which is homologous to the single-stranded template nucleic acid, which sequence is present in the population at a concentration of less than 1% by weight of the total population of nucleic acid fragments, (v) nucleic acid fragments comprising at least one hundred nucleic acid sequences which are homologous to the template, or (vi) nucleic acid fragments comprising sequences of at least 50 nucleotides. thereby producing an annealed nucleic acid product; and (c) contacting the annealed nucleic acid with a polymerase and a ligase, thereby producing a recombined nucleic acid strand, wherein the template nucleic acid comprises uracil and the method further comprises degrading the template nucleic acid and releasing the resulting cleaved template nucleic acid from the annealed nucleic acid. Some preferred features of this alternative embodiment appear elsewhere in this application. [0087] A method for making a recombined nucleic acid, the method comprising: (a) providing a selected single-stranded template nucleic acid; (b) contacting the selected single-stranded template nucleic acid with a population of nucleic acid fragments, wherein the population of nucleic acid fragments comprises one or more of: (i) nucleic acid fragments which comprise nucleic acid sequences which are homologous to the single-stranded template nucleic acid; (ii) nucleic acid fragments resulting from digestion of at least first substrate molecules with a DNase, (iii) nucleic acid fragments which comprise nucleic acid sequences produced by mutagenesis of a parental nucleic acid, (iv) nucleic acid fragments comprising at least one nucleic acid sequence which is homologous to the single-stranded template nucleic acid, which sequence is present in the population at a concentration of less than 1% by weight of the total population of nucleic acid fragments, (v) nucleic acid fragments comprising at least one hundred nucleic acid sequences which are homologous to the template, or (vi) nucleic acid fragments comprising sequences of at least 50 nucleotides, thereby producing an annealed nucleic acid product; (c) contacting the annealed nucleic acid with a polymerase and a ligase, thereby producing a recombined nucleic acid strand; and (d) transforming the recombined nucleic acid into a host, wherein the host is a mutS host. Some preferred features of this alternative embodiment appear elsewhere in this application. [0088] A method of isolating nucleic acid fragments from a set of nucleic acid fragments, the method comprising: hybridizing at least two sets of nucleic acids, wherein a first set of nucleic acids comprises single-stranded nucleic acid templates and a second set of nucleic acids comprises at least one set of nucleic acid fragments; separating the hybridized nucleic acids from nonhybridized nucleic acids by at least one first separation technique; and, denaturing the separated hybridized nucleic acids to yield the single-stranded nucleic acid templates and isolated nucleic acid fragments. Some preferred features of this alternative embodiment include: the first set of nucleic acids comprises nucleic acids selected from the group consisting of sense cDNA sequences, antisense cDNA sequences, sense DNA sequences, antisense DNA sequences, sense RNA sequences, and antisense RNA sequences; the first and second sets of nucleic acids comprise substantially homologous sequences; the second set of nucleic acids comprises a standardized or a non-standardized set of nucleic acids; the second set of nucleic acids to comprises chimeric nucleic acid sequence fragments; the second set of nucleic acids is derived from the group consisting of: cultured microorganisms, uncultured microorganisms, complex biological mixtures, tissues, sera, pooled sera or tissues, multispecies consortia, fossilized or other nonliving biological remains, environmental isolates, soils, groundwaters, waste facilities, and deep-sea environments; the second set of nucleic acids is synthesized; the second set of nucleic acids is derived from the group consisting of: individual cDNA molecules, cloned sets of cDNAs, cDNA libraries, extracted RNAs, natural RNAs, in vitro transcribed RNAs, characterized genomic DNAs, uncharacterized genomic DNAs, cloned genomic DNAs, genomic DNA libraries, enzymatically fragmented DNAs, enzymatically fragmented RNAs, chemically fragmented DNAs, chemically fragmented RNAs, physically fragmented DNAs, and physically fragmented RNAs; the single-stranded nucleic acid templates each comprise at least one affinity-label; the method further comprises performing each step sequentially in a single reaction vessel. Additional preferred features of this embodiment appear elsewhere in this application. [0089] A method for producing in vitro a plurality of polynucleotides having at least one desirable property, said method comprising: (a) subjecting a plurality of starting or parental polynucleotides to an exonuclease-mediated recombination process so as to produce a plurality of progeny polynucleotides; and (b) subjecting the progeny polynucleotides to an end selection-based screening and enrichment process, so as to select one or more of the progeny polynucleotides having at least one desirable property. Some preferred features of this alternative embodiment include: the recombination process generates ligation-compatible ends in the plurality of progeny polynucleotides; the method further comprises one or more intermolecular ligations between members of the progeny polynucleotides via the ligation-compatible ends, thereby achieving assembly and/or reassembly mutagenesis; and the intermolecular ligations are directional ligations. Additional preferred features of this embodiment appear elsewhere in this application. [0090] A method for producing a plurality of mutant polypeptides having at least one desirable property, said method comprising: (a) subjecting a plurality of starting or parental polynucleotides to an exonuclease-mediated recombination process so as to produce a plurality of progeny polynucleotides; (b) introducing the progeny polynucleotides into a host cell so as to cause expression of a plurality of mutant polypeptides having an end selection marker; and (c) subjecting the mutant polypeptides to an end selection-based screening so as to select one or more having at least one desirable property. Some preferred features of this alternative embodiment include: the recombination introduces ligation-compatible ends into the progeny polynucleotides and wherein the method further comprises ligation of the progeny polynucleotides into an expression vector system via the ligation-compatible ends prior to introducing the progeny polynucleotides into the host cell; the method further comprises expression cloning of the polynucleotide set, and the screening involves screening of a plurality of the mutant polypeptides produced by the expression cloning. Other preferred features of this alternative embodiment appear elsewhere in this application., [0091] A method of making a recombined nucleic acid that encodes a product having a desired property, the method comprising: (a) providing at least one single-stranded polynucleotide; (b) hybridizing a plurality of nucleic acid fragments to the single-stranded polynucleotide, which nucleic acid fragments are produced by fragmentation of a plurality of non-identical substrate nucleic acids; (c) extending and ligating the resulting hybridized nucleic acid fragments, thereby producing one or more recombined nucleic acid; and, (d) screening or selecting one or more product encoded by the recombined nucleic acid, or a complementary strand thereto, for the desired property, thereby identifying the recombined nucleic acid that encodes the product having the desired property. Preferred features of this alternative embodiment appear elsewhere in this application. [0092] A method of identifying a recombined DNA molecule encoding a protein with a desired functional property, comprising: (a) providing at least one single-stranded uracil-containing DNA molecule, which single-stranded uracil-containing DNA molecule, or a complementary strand thereto, encodes a protein; (b) providing a plurality of non-identical DNA fragments capable of hybridizing to the single-stranded uracil-containing DNA molecule, wherein said DNA fragments are produced by fragmentation of one or more substrate DNA molecules encoding at least one additional variant of the protein and wherein the fragmentation is by digestion with DNAse I; (c) contacting the single-stranded uracil-containing DNA molecule with the plurality of DNA fragments, thereby producing an annealed DNA molecule; (d) incubating the annealed DNA molecule with a polymerase and a ligase, thereby producing a recombined DNA strand annealed to the uracil-containing DNA molecule; (e) amplifying the recombined DNA strand under conditions wherein the uracil-containing DNA molecule is not amplified, thereby producing a population of recombined DNA molecules; and, (f) screening or selecting the population of recombined DNA molecules to identify those that encode a polypeptide having the desired functional property, thereby identifying one or more DNA molecules(s) that encode a polypeptide with the desired functional property. Some preferred features of this alternative embodiment appear elsewhere in this application. [0093] A method of producing a recombined polynucleotide having a desired characteristic, comprising: (a) providing a plurality of related-sequence double-stranded template polynucleotides, comprising polynucleotides with non-identical sequences; (b) providing a plurality of single-stranded nucleic acid fragments capable of hybridizing to the template polynucleotides; (c) hybridizing single-stranded nucleic acid fragments to the template polynucleotides and extending the hybridized fragments on the template polynucleotides with a polymerase, thereby forming a plurality of sequence-recombined polynucleotides; (d) subjecting the sequence recombined polynucleotides of step (c) to at least one additional cycle of recombination to produce further sequence-recombined poly-nucleotides; and, (e) selecting or screening the further sequence-recombined polynucleotides for the desired characteristic. Some preferred features of this alternative embodiment appear elsewhere in this application. [0094] A method of non-stochastically producing a library of chimeric nucleic acid molecules having an overall assembly order that is non-random comprising:(a) non-randomly generating a plurality of nucleic acid building blocks having mutually compatible ligatable ends; and(b) assembling the nucleic acid building blocks, such that a designed overall assembly order is achieved; whereby a set of progenitor templates can be shuffled to generate a library of progeny polynucleotide molecules and correspondingly encoded polypeptides, and whereby screening of the progeny polynucleotide library provides a means to identify a desirable species that have a desirable property. [0095] A method of non-stochastically producing a library comprised of a defined number of groupings comprised of one or more groupings of chimeric nucleic acid molecules having an overall assembly order that is chosen by design, said method comprised of—(a) generating by design for each grouping a set of specific nucleic acid building blocks having serviceable mutually compatible ligatable ends, and (b) assembling these nucleic acid building blocks according to said groupings, such that a designed overall assembly order is achieved; whereby a set of progenitor templates can be shuffled to generate a library of progeny polynucleotide molecules and correspondingly encoded polypeptides, and whereby the expression screening of the progeny polynucleotide library provides a means to identify a desirable species that has a desirable property. EXAMPLE I [0096] The object of Example I is to produce recombinant polynucleotides from the kanamycin resistance gene, using non-identical fragments. [0097] First, the resistance gene (1 Kb) of pACYCI84 is cloned in the polylinker of M13mp18 so that the non-identical phagemide contains the noncoding strand of the gene. [0098] In parallel, this gene is amplified by PCR mutagenesis (error-prone PCR) with two initiators that are complementary to vector sequence M13mp18 on each side of the gene sequence. The initiator for the noncoding strand is phosphorylated while the initiator for the coding strand is not. The product of the PCR mutagenesis is digested by the lambda exonuclease, which produces a library of coding strands for mutants of the kanamycin resistance gene. [0099] This library of non-identical sequences is digested by a mixture of restriction enzymes, notably Hae III, Hinf I and Taq I. The resulting non-identical fragments are then hybridized with the non-identical phagemide and ligated with a thermostable ligase. This step is repeated several times until the small fragments can no longer be observed during deposition on an agarose gel. Meanwhile, the band corresponding to the non-identical of the complete resistance gene becomes a major component of the “smear” visible on the gel. [0100] The band corresponding to the size of the gene is cut from the gel and purified. It is then hybridized with two complementary oligonucleotides (40 mer) of the M13mp18 sequences on each side of the gene and this partial duplex is digested by Eco RI and Sph I, then ligated in an M13 mp18 vector digested by the same enzymes. [0101] The cells transformed with the ligation product are screened for increased resistance to kanamycin. [0102] The cloning of non-identical recombinant molecules can optionally be performed by PCR with two initiators of the complete gene and cloning of the double-stranded product of this amplification. To avoid undesirable mutations, this amplification should be performed with polymerase of the Pfu type and with a limited number of cycles. [0103] The plasmids of the clones that are significantly more resistant to kanamycin than the initial stock are purified and used for PCR with the polymerase Pfu, under high fidelity conditions, with the phosphorylated/nonphosphorylated initiator couple as previously defined. This produces the second generation of non-identical fragments after a treatment with lambda exonuclease and fragmentation with restriction enzymes. The enzymes used for this step can comprise a different mixture (e.g., Bst NI, Taq I and Mnl I). [0104] The recombination and selection steps are repeated several times until a substantial increase in resistance to kanamycin is obtained. EXAMPLE II I. Summary [0105] The starting library included 10 gene mutants of ponB, coding for the PBP1b of E. coli (1). The sequence of each mutant differed from that of the native gene by a non-homologous zone 3-16 bases in length resulting from the substitution of five initial codons by five alanine codons, according to the technique described by Lefèvre et al and incorporated herein (8). [0106] The substitution represented a unique site of the restriction enzyme Pvu II surrounded by two Pst I enzyme sites, which permitted the mutants to be distinguished from each other by their digestion profile. FIG. 3 represents the positions of the ten zones of mutations (Pvu II and Pst I) carried by each mutant. [0107] After PCR amplification of the mutants, the PCR products were purified and mixed in equimolar quantity in order to form the library. The polynucleotide sequences of this library were digested with the restriction enzymes Hinf I and Bsa I, in such a way as to generate libraries of restriction fragments. The restriction fragments were then incubated with various amounts of the wild-type template, at different quantities, in the presence of a thermostable ligase. After several denaturation/hybridization/ligation cycles, a fraction of the reaction mixture was used to carry out a PCR amplification with a couple of primers specific to the 5′ and 3′ ends of the mutant genes and non-specific to the 5′ and 3′ ends of the wild-type template. The amplification product was cloned and the clones were analyzed for their digestion profile with the Pvu II or Pst I restriction endonucleases. The obtained profiles indicated which fragments of the mutants were able to be recombined with the others to form an entire gene. II. Materials and Methods A. Strains and Plasmids [0108] The strain MC1061 (F− araD139, Δ (ara-leu)7696, galE15, galK16, Δ (lac)X74, rpsL (StrR), mcrA mcrB1, hsdR2 (rk−mk+)) is derived from Escherichia coli K12. [0109] The vector pARAPONB stems from the vector pARA13 (3) in which the ponB gene carrying a thrombin-cutting site (9) was introduced between the restriction sites Nco I and Nar I The vector pET26b+ is one of the pET vectors developed by Studier and Moffatt (10) and commercialized by NOVAGEN Corporation. B. Oligonucleotides [0110] The oligonucleotides were synthesized by ISOPRIM corporation (Toulouse). The oligonucleotide sequences are reported in Table I below.  
1TABLE IOligo N5′ ACTGACTACCATGGCCGGGAATGACCGCGAGCC 3′ Oligo E5′ CCGCGGTGGAGCGAATTCTAATTACTACCAAACATATCC 3′ Oligo M15′ GCGCCTGAATATTGCGGAGAAAAAGC 3′ Oligo M25′ ACAACCAGATGAAAAGAAAGGGTTAATATC 3′ Oligo A15′ ACTGACTACCATGGCC 3′ Oligo A25′ CCGCGGTGGAGCGAATTC 3′
C. Reagents [0111] The restriction and modification enzymes cited in Table II below were used according to the recommendations of the suppliers.  
2TABLE IIEnzymeConcentrationSupplierNcoI10 U/μlNew England BiolabsPstI20 U/μlNew England BiolabsEco RI20 U/μlNew England BiolabsBsa 1 5 U/μlNew England BiolabsHinf 110 U/μlNew England BiolabsPvu II10 U/μlNew England BiolabsT4 DNA ligase400 U/μl New England BiolabsTaq DNA polymerase 5 U/μlPROMEGAAMPLIGASE100 U/μl EPICENTRE
[0112] The buffers used are reported in Table III below.  
3TABLE IIIBuffersCompositionTTris HC1 10 mM, pH 8.0Polymerization 20×Tris HCl 100 mM pH 8.3, MgCl2 15 mM,KCl 500 mM, 1.0% TRITON X100 ®Restriction A 10×500 mM NaCl, 100 mM Tris HCl pH 7.9,100 mM MgCl2, 10 Mm DTT,Restriction B 10×1 M NaCl, 500 mM Tris HCl pH 7.9, 100 mMMgCl2, 10 mM DTTRestriction C 10×500 mM NaCl, 1 M Tris HCl pH 7.5, 100 mMmM MgCl2, 0.25% TRITON X100 ®AMPLIGASE 10×200 mM Tris HCl pH 8.3, 250 mM KCl, 100 mMMgCl2, 5 mM NAD, 0.1% TRITON X100 ®Ligation 10×500 mM Tris HCl pH 7.5, 100 mM MgCl2,100 mM DTT, 10 mM ATP, 250 μg/ml BSA
III. Preparation of Template [0113] The wild type ponB gene was amplified by a PCR reaction step by using as primers the oligonucleotides M1 and M2 (FIG. 4). Five PCR reactions were prepared by adding 50 ng of pPONBPBR plasmid carrying the wild type gene (7) to a mixture containing 10 μL of polymerization buffer, 10 μl of dNTPs 2 mM, 20 pmol of each oligonucleotide M1 and M2, and 5U of Taq DNA polymerase, in a final volume of 100 μl. These mixtures were incubated in Perkin-Elmer 9600 Thermocycler according to the following program: (94° C. —2 min.)—(94° C. 15 sec.−60° C. 30 sec.−72° C. 1 min.)×29 cycles−(72° C.−3 min.). [0114] The product of the five PCR was mixed and loadedon a 1% TBEagarose gelAfter migration and staining of the gel with ethidium bromide, the band at 2651 bp, corresponding to the ponB gene amplification product surrounded by two fragments of 26 bp and 90 bp respectively, was visualized by trans-illumination under ultraviolet, and cut out with a scalpel in order to be purified with the QUIAquick system (QIAGEN). Allthe DNA thus purified was eluted in 120 μl of buffer T. The concentration of this DNA was approximatively 100 ng/μl as measured by its absorbanceat 260 nm . IV. Preparation of the Library A. Amplification of the Mutant Genes [0115] The genes of the ten mutants were separately amplified by a PCR reaction witholigonucleotides N and E. These oligonucleotides introduce respectively the restriction sites Nco I and Eco RI, permitting the cloning of the products obtained with these two sites. [0116] Each PCR reaction was prepared by adding 50 ng of the plasmid carrying the mutant gene to a mixture containing 10 μl of polymerization buffer, 10 μl of dNTPs 2 mM, 20 pmol of each oligonucleotide N and E, and 5U of Taq DNA polymerase, in a final volume of 100 μl. This mixture was incubated in a Perkin-Elmer 9600 thermocycler according to the following program: (94° C. −2 min.)−(94° C. 15 sec.−60° C. 30 sec.−72° C. 1 min.)×29 cycles−(72° C. −3 min.). [0117] The specificity of the genetic amplification was verified by restriction profile with the Pvu II endonuclease, by incubating 5 μl of each PCR product 1 hour at 37 ° C. in a mixture containing 3 μl of restriction buffer A and 5U of the Pvu II enzyme in a final volume of 30 μl. 15 μl of that digestion reaction were loaded on a TBE 1% agarose gel. After migration and staining with ethidium bromide, the gel was exposed to ultraviolet. The visualization of the restriction fragments permitted confirmation of the specificity of the genetic amplification of each mutant gene. [0118] In parallel, 3 μl of each PCR reaction were loaded on a TBE 1% agarose gel . After migration, the gel was treated as above. The intensity of each band permitted the assessment that the genetic amplifications had the same yield. B. Creation of Libraries of Restriction Fragments [0119] 50 μl of each of the ten PCR were mixed and loaded on a 1% TBE agarose gel. After migration and staining with ethidium bromide, the band at 2572 bp, corresponding to the amplification product of the genes of the ten mutants, was cut out with a scalpel and purified with the Quiaquick system (QIAGEN). Allthe DNA thus purified was eluted in 120 μl of buffer T. The concentration of this DNA was approximately 100 ng/μl according to its absorbance at 260 nm. [0120] In order to generate the libraries of restriction fragments, 100 μl of this DNA were incubated for one hour at 50° C. in a mixture containing 12 μl of restriction buffer B, 1.2 μl of BSA (at 10 mg/ml), 25 U of the enzyme Bsa I and 4 μl of water. Then, 2 μl of restriction buffer B, 2 μl of BSA (at 1 mg/ml), 50 U of the enzyme Hinf I and 11.5 μl of water were added to the mixture, which was incubated for one hour at 37 ° C. The digestion mixture was purified on a QIAquick column (QIAGEN), and eluted with 30 μl of buffer T. 1 μl of this eluate was loaded on a 1% TBE agarose gel in order to verify that the digestion had been total, and that it had generated 6 restriction fragments, and consequently six libraries of fragments, of 590 bp, 500 bp, 472 bp, 438 bp, 298 bp and 274 bp. The concentration of this DNA was approximately 250 ng/μl according to its absorbance at 260 nm. V. Recombining Ligation Reaction (RLR) [0121] The RLR reaction was carried out by incubating determined quantities of restriction fragments Hinf I—Bsa I from the genes of ten mutants with the complete template (i.e., the wild type ponB gene), in the presence of a thermostable DNA ligase. The table IV below reports the composition of the mixtures for RLR.  
4TABLE IVRLR 1RLR 2RLR 3RLR 4T-Fragments Hinf I - Bsa I0.5 μl1 μl2 μl5 μl5 μlof ten mutants(100 ng/μl)Wild type ponB template0.6 μl1.2 μl2.4 μl6 μl6 μl(100 ng/μl)AMPLIGASE 10× Buffer2 μl2 μl2 μl2 μl2 μlAMPLIGASE (25 U/μl)1 μl1 μl1 μl1 μl—H2Oqsp 20qsp 20 μlqsp 20 μlqsp 20 μlqsp 20 μlμl
[0122] The negative control is identical to the reaction of RLR4, but does not contain thermostable DNA ligase. These different mixtures were covered with a drop of mineral oil and incubated in a Perkin-Elmer 9600 thermocycler in 200 μl microtubes according to the following program: (94° C., 5 min.)−(94° C., 1 min. −65° C., 4 min.)×35 cycles. [0123] 10 μl of each RLR reaction were then added to a PCR reaction mixture containing 10 μl of polymerization buffer, 10 μl of 2 mM dNTPs, 40 pmol of each oligonucleotide A1 and A2, and 5 U of Taq DNA polymerase in a final volume of 100 μl. This mixture was incubated in a Perkin-Elmer 9600 thermocycler according to the following program: (94° C., 5 min.)−(94° C., 30 sec.−46° C., 30 sec.−72° C., 1 min.)×29 cycles−(72° C., 2 min.). This PCR reaction per specific amplification of the ligation products formed in the course of the RLR reaction, without amplifying the template, since the oligonucleotides A1 and A2 are not able to hybridize with the template (it), as shown in FIG. 4. [0124] 5 μl of each RLR reaction and 10 μl of each of the previous PCR reactions were loaded on a 1% TBE agarose gel. After staining with ethidium bromide, the gel was exposed to ultraviolet light, as shown in FIG. 5. [0125] The analysis of this gel reveals that only the reaction of RLR4 contains, as the negative control, restriction fragments still visible (tracks 4 and 5). [0126] The absence of PCR product for the negative control (track 10) reveals not only that the PCR reaction is specific (no amplification of the complete template), but also that the restriction fragments present in the mixture cannot be substituted for the primers to generate a contaminant PCR product under the chosen conditions. In parallel, the presence of a unique band at about 2500 bp in tracks 6, 7 and 8 demonstrates that an RLR product was able to be amplified by PCR for the RLR1, 2 and 3 reactions. These three RLR reactions therefore permitted the regeneration of one or more of the complete genes starting from six libraries of restriction fragments. VI. Analysis of the Amplification Products A. Cloning [0127] The PCR amplification products of the RLR 1, 2 and 3 reactions were purified with the Wizard PCR Preps system (PROMEGA) and eluted in 45 μl of buffer T. 6 μl of each purified PCR were incubated 1 hour at 37° C. in a mixture containing 3 μl of restriction buffer C, 3 μl of BSA (1 mg/ml), 20 U of the Eco RI enzyme, 10 U of the Nco I enzyme and 15 μl of water. [0128] In parallel, two vectors (pARAPONB and pET26b+) were prepared for the cloning. These vectors were linearized by incubating 3 μl of these plasmids for 2 hours at 37° C., in a mixture containing 3 μl of restriction buffer C, 3 μl of BSA (1 mg/ml), 20 U of the Eco RI enzyme, 10 U of the Nco I enzyme and 19 μl of water. [0129] The linearized vectors as well as the digested PCR were purified on a TBE 1% agarose gel with the QIAquick system (QUIAGEN). Each vector or each digested PCR was eluted in 30 μl of buffer T. [0130] The ligation of each PCR digested with each of the vectors was carried out according to the conditions described in table V below, and incubated at 16° C. for 16 hours.  
5TABLE VLigation with the vectorpARAPONBLpARLpARLpARLigation with the vector pET26b+123TlpARLpET1LpET2LpET3TLpETPCR4 μl———4 μl———amplificationRLR 1 digestedNco I - Eco RIPCR—4 μl———4 μl——amplificationRLR 2 digestedNco I - Eco RIPCR——4 μl———4 μl—amplificationRLR 3 digestedNco I - EcoRIVector1 μl1 μl1 μl1 μl————pARAPONBdigested Nco I -Eco RIVector pET26b+————1 μl1 μl1 μl1 μldigested Nco I -Eco RILigation Buffer2 μl2 μl2 μl2 μl2 μl2 μl2 μl2 μlLigase1 μl1 μl1 μl1 μl1 μl1 μl1 μl1 μlH2O12 μl 12 μl 12 μl 16 μl 12 μl 12 μl 12 μl 16 μl 
[0131] 200 μl of chimiocompetent MC1061 cells (4) were transformed with 10 μl of each ligation by a thermal shock (5), and the cells thus transformed were spread over a selection medium. [0132] No clone was obtained after transformation of ligation controls TLpAR and TLpET, thus indicating that the Nco I-Eco RI vectors pARAPONB and pET26b+ cannot undergo an intramolecular ligation. [0133] B. Screening by PCR [0134] A first screening of the clones obtained after transformation of the ligations with the vector pARAPONB was carried out by PCR. 42 colonies, 14 from each ligation LpAR1, LpAR2 and LpAR3, were resuspended individually in a PCR mixture containing 5 μl of polymerization buffer, 40 pmol of each oligonucleotide Al and A2, 5 pJ of 2 mM dNTPs and 5U of Taq DNA polymerase in a final volume of 50 μl. A negative control was obtained by adding to the PCR mixture 50 ng of the plasmid pBR322 in place of the colony. These 43 tubes were incubated in a Perkin-Elmer 9600 thermocycler according to the following program: (94° C., 5 min.)−(94° C., 30 sec.−46° C., 30 sec.−72° C., 1 min.)×29 cycles−(72° C., 2 min.). 5 μl of each of these PCR reactions were then incubated for 1 hour at 37° C. in a mixture containing 2 μl of restriction buffer A, 2 μl of BSA (1 mg/ml) and 5 U of the restriction enzyme Pvu II in a final volume of 20 μl of each of these digestions were loaded on a TBE 1% agarose gel in parallel with 5 [0135] 10 μl of each non-digested PCR (thus avoiding possible confusion of non-specific bands of the PCR with a fragment obtained by restriction digestion). After migration and staining of this gel with ethidium bromide, the bands resulting from the digestion by the enzyme Pvu II were analyzed in order to determine which fragment(s) of initial mutants was/were associated with the others in order to reconstruct an entire gene. This screening reveals the presence of 27 genes carrying one mutation, 7 genes carrying two mutations and 8 genes no longer carrying any mutation. C. Screening by Plasmidic DNA Minipreparation [0136] The second screening was carried out by extracting the plasmidic DNA (5) from 21 clones resulting from the transformation of the ligations with the vector pET26b+ (7 clones of each ligation). 5 μl of the plasmidic DNA thus obtained for each clone were incubated for 1 hour at 37° C. in a mixture containing 1 μl of restriction buffer C, 6 U of the enzyme Pst I, 3 U of the enzyme Nco I and 6 U of the enzyme Eco RI in a final volume of 10 μl. 5 μl of each of these digestions were loaded on a TBE 1% agarose gel. After migration and staining of this gel with ethidium bromide, the bands resulting from the digestion by the Pst I enzyme were analyzed in order to determine which fragment(s) of the initial mutants had associated with the others in order to reconstruct an entire gene. This screening reveals the presence of 13 genes carrying a mutation, 5 genes carrying two mutations and 3 genes no longer carrying a mutation. D. Statistical Analysis of the Recombinations. [0137] In view of the position of each mutation with regard to the cutting sites of the enzymes Hinf I and Bsa I (see FIG. 6), it is possible to calculate the probability of obtaining through RLR a gene carrying 0, 1, 2, 3, or 4 of the mutations of the initial genes. [0138] Assuming that the RLR reaction is totally random, the probabilities P are as follows:  
1P(0 mutation)= ∏i=69(i10)=30.24%P(1 mutation)= ∑n=14[n10-n∏i=14(10-i10)]=44.04%P(2 mutations)= ∑n=14[∑a=14-n(10-aa)(10-(a+n)a+n)∏i=14(i10)]=21.44%P(3 mutations)= ∑n=14[(10-nn)∏i=14(i10)]=4.04%P(4 mutations)= ∏i=14(i10)=0.24%
[0139] The two screenings carried out give results close to these statistical predictions, as reported in table VI below, thus indicating that the RLR reaction is quasi-random. A slightly higher proportion of genes carrying one mutation, to the detriment of the genes carrying zero mutation, is observed. This phenomenon could be attributed to a weak toxicity of the ponB gene already observed and to the slight of expression leakage of vectors pARAPONB and pET26b+, which would favor the selection of genes carrying an inactivatingmutation.  
6TABLE IV234%0 mutation1 mutationmutationsmutationsmutationsStatistics30.2444.0421.444.040.24PCR21631600ScreeningMini-14622400preparationScreening
EXAMPLE III [0140] Example III depicts an embodiment of the invention that employs controlled digestion. I. Materials and Methods A. Bacterial Strains, Genomic and Plasmid DNA [0141] For all DNA manipulations, standard techniques and procedures were used. E coli MC1061DE3 cells were used to propagate the expression plasmid pET26b+ (Novagen). B. Oligonucleotides [0142] All synthetic oligonucleotide primers for PCR were synthetized by MWG Biotech. The sense primer 5′ AGGAATTCCATATGCGAAAGAAAAGACGGGGA 3′ and the antisense primer 5′ ATAAAGCTTTCACTTGATGAGCCTGAGATTTC 3′ were used to amplify the Thermotoga Neapolitana Xylanase A gene and introduce NdeI and HindIII restriction sites (underlined). The NdeI site contained the initial codon (boldface). C. Enzymes [0143] Restriction enzymes, DNA polymerases and thermostable ligase were purchased from NEB and EPICENTRE and used as recommended by the manufacturers. D. DNA Amplification, Cloning and Expression [0144] PCR amplifications were carried out on a PE 9600 thermocycler. The Thermotoga Neapolitana Xylanase A amplicon was digested with primer-specific restriction endonucleases, ligated into compatible site on pET26b+, and transformed into E coli MC1061DE3. The MC1061DE3 clone containing the pET26b+XynA expression vector was propagated at 37° C. in LB containing kanamycin (60 μg/ml). E. Biochemical Characterization [0145] Thermal inactivation experiments were performed directly on E coli expressing XynA. Cells were re-suspended, after centrifugation at 6000 g for 5 min at 4° C., in 200 mM acetate buffer pH 5.6. Re-suspension was performed with an appropriate volume in order to standardize the amount of cell per sample. 150 μl of cells were then incubated at the appropriate temperature during different times. 100 μl of these cells were added to 100 μl of 0.5% (w/v) of xylan in 200 mM acetate buffer pH 5.6 and incubated 10 min at 80° C. Then, 200 μl of 3,5-Dinitrosalicylic acid were added and boiled 5 min, refrigerated 5 min on ice and centrifuged 5 min at 12000 g. 150 μl were transferred in μtiterplate and OD at 540 nm was measured. [0146] For optimal temperature experiments, 100 μl of 0.5% (w/v) of xylan in 200 mM acetate buffer pH 5.6, were added to 100 μl of resuspended cells and incubated for 10 min at different temperatures during the 10 min. Then, 200 μl of 3,5-dinitrosalicylic acid were added and boiled for 5 min, refrigerated for 5 min on ice and centrifuged for 5 min at 12000 g. 150 μl were transferred in μtiterplate and OD at 540 nm was measured. II. Results A. Generation of Low Thermostable Mutant of XynA [0147] To generate a low thermostable mutant of XynA protein, error-prone PCR was performed as shown in FIG. 7, Error-prone PCR on WT XynA gene, using 1% agarose gel. The products were digested with primer-specific restriction endonucleases, ligated into compatible sites on pET26b+, and transformed into E coli MC1061DE3 to generate an error-prone library. [0148] One clone (mutant 33) from the error-prone library seemed to have very low thermostability compared to the WT protein. A rapid biochemical analysis, including determination of an optimal temperature and thermal inactivation, was done and compared to the WT one. Regarding the optimal temperature, mutant 33 had an optimal temperature around 78° C. compared to the WT one (above 90° C.) but, for mutant 33 no residual activity was detected after 30 min incubation at 82° C. or 1 min at 95° C. and the inactivation constant calculated from FIG. 8, Thermal inactivation of mutant 33 at 82° C., was estimated at 0,120 min−1 at 82° C. No or low thermal inactivation was detected for the WT protein at these temperatures. B. Shuffling Experiments [0149] The mutant 33 and WT genes were then recombined using L-Shuffling™ technology to generate mutants with different thermostabilities. Different mutants were expected: mutants with WT optimal temperature, mutants with lower thermostability than WT and mutants with higher thermostability than that of the mutant 33's optimal temperature. 1) Fragments Library [0150] After PCR amplification of WT and mutant 33, the products were digested with a mix of six restriction enzymes, HincII, BamHI, XhoI, SphI, EcoRI, EcoRV, generating eight fragments (from 120 to 700 pb). See FIG. 9, Fragmentation of PCR products with a mix of six restriction endonucleases, using 3% agarose gel. 2) Shuffling Experiment [0151] RLR (recombining ligation reaction) was performed with standardized fragments (shown in FIG. 9) and NdeI/HindIII digested pET26+XynA as template with the thermostable ligase using several cycles of denaturation and hybridation/ligation steps. [0152] A negative control was done with the same conditions without the thermostable ligase (B) and the results are shown in FIG. 10, L-Shuffling™ experiments using 1% agarose gel. FIG. 10 shows that without thermostable ligase, the fragments are not used for any recombination. A selective digestion of the template was then performed by adding DpnI to the reaction mixture. 3) Cloning Products [0153] A PCR Pfu amplification (FIG. 11, PCR Pfu on L-Shuffling™ products using 1% agarose gel) was performed on DpnI digested L-shuffling™ products both for A and B (negative control, FIG. 9) using 5′ sense and 5′ antisense synthetic primers and the protocol described above. No template amplification occurred, despite obtaining a large amount of amplified L-shuffling™ products for cloning. For this, L-shuffling™ products were digested with primer-specific restriction endonucleases, ligated into compatible sites on pET26b+, and transformed into E coli MC1061DE3 to generate a L-Shuffling™ library. 4) Biochemical Characterization [0154] Several clones were selected from the L-Shuffling™ library for activity remaining after 30 min incubation at 82° C. [0155] Clones 24, 41 and 56 (FIG. 12, Thermal inactivation of mutants at 95°) have the optimal temperature of mutant 33, and clone 6 has the optimal temperature of the WT xylanase. In these experimental conditions, WT xylanase retained 100% of activity after 120 min incubation at 95° C. On the contrary, for mutant 33 no residual activity was detected after 1 min at 95° C. FIG. 13 shows four mutants from the L-Shuffling™ library that exhibited characteristics that differ from those of the two parents. EXAMPLE IV [0156] Example IV depicts an embodiment of the invention that employs random digestion. I. Materials and Methods A. Bacterial Strains, Genomic and Plasmid DNA [0157] For all DNA manipulations, standard techniques and procedures were used. E coli MC1061DE3 cells were used to propagate the expression plasmid pET26b+ (Novagen). B. Oligonucleotides [0158] All synthetic oligonucleotide primers for PCR were synthetized by MWG Biotech. The sense primer 5′ AGGAATTCCATATGCGAAAGAAAAGACGGGGA 3′ and the antisense primer 5′ ATAAAGCTTTCACTTGATGAGCCTGAGATTTC 3′ were used to amplify the Thermotoga Neapolitana Xylanase A gene and introduce NdeI and HindIII restriction sites (underlined). The sense primer 5′ GGAATTCCATATGGCGGCGGCAGCCGGCA 3′ and the antisense primer 5′ GGAATTCCTACTGCCGCTCCGATTGTGG 3′ were used to amplify the Acidobacterium capsulatum Xylanase gene and introduce NdeI and EcoRI restriction sites (underlined). The NdeI site contained the initial codon (boldface). C. Enzymes [0159] Restriction enzymes, DNA polymerases and thermostable ligase were purchased from NEB and EPICENTRE, and used as recommended by the manufacturers. II. Results [0160] The Thermotoga neapolitana gene (3.2 kB) and Acidobacterium capsulatum gene (1.2 kB) were recombined. A. Fragments Library [0161] PCR amplification on Thermotoga neapolitana and Acidobacterium capsulatum genes were performed, followed by digestion with DNaseI. See FIG. 13, DNaseI fragmentation of Thermotoga neapolitana (A) and Acidobacterium capsulatum (B) genes, using 1% agarose gel. B. Shuffling Experiment [0162] RLR was performed with standardized fragments (shown in FIG. 13) with thermostable ligase and thermostable flap, via several cycles of denaturation and hybridation/ligation. [0163] Negative controls were performed under the same conditions but without the thermostable ligase and/or thermostable flap (A, B and C). The results are shown in FIG. 14, L-Shuffling™ experiments, using 1% agarose gel. FIG. 14 shows that without thermostable ligase and thermostable flap, the fragments are not recombined. In FIG. 14, A represents fragments without ligase and Flap activities; B represents fragments with only ligase; C represents fragments with only flap; and D represents the shuffling conditions. EXAMPLE V [0164] Example V employed the materials and methods of Example III but experimented with different numbers of cycles of steps (b) and (c). See FIG. 15A, L-Shuffling™ using n cycles of steps (b) and (c), and FIG. 15B, PCR amplification of corresponding L-Shuffling™ products. As shown in FIGS. 15A-B, at least one cycle (n=1) is necessary to obtain a recombinant polynucleotide. EXAMPLE VI [0165] Example VI employed the materials and methods of Example III but experimented with seven quantities of fragments, as follows: [0166] 1:1×[0167] 2:2×[0168] 3:3×[0169] 4:4×[0170] 5:11×[0171] 6:14×[0172] 7:17×[0173] FIG. 16, L-Shuffling™ experiments using increased quantities of fragments, shows the results for these seven quantities. [0174] The foregoing presentations are not intended to limit the scope of the invention. Although illustrative embodiments of the present invention have been described in detail and with reference to accompanying drawings, it is obvious to those skilled in the art that modifications to the methods described herein can be implemented. These and other various changes and embodiments may be effected by one skilled in the art without departing from the spirit and scope of the invention, which is intended to be determined by reference to the claims and their equivalents in light of the prior art. Biographical References [0175] 1) Broome-Smith J. K., Edelman Al, Yousif S. and Spratt B. G., (1985), The nucleotide sequence of the ponA and ponB genes encoding penicillin-binding proteins 1A and 1B of Escherichia coli K12, Eur. J. Biochem., 147, 437-446. [0176] 2) Caldwell R. C. and Joyce G., 1992, Randomization of genes by PCR mutagenesis, PCR Methods and Application, 2, 28-33. [0177] 3) Cagnon C., Valverde V. and Masson J.-M., (1991), A new family of sugar inducible expression vectors for Escherichia coli, Prot. Eng., 4, 843-847. [0178] 4) Hanahan D., (1985), Techniques for transformation of Escherichia coli, in DNA cloning: a practical approach, Glover D. M. (ed), IRL Press, Oxford vol I, 109-135. [0179] 5) Maniatis T., Fristch E. F. and Sambrook J., (1982), Molecular cloning. A laboratory Manual, Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, Cold Spring Harbor, N.Y. [0180] 6) Landt et al., Gene, 96, 125-128, 1990. [0181] 7) Lefèvre F., Topological Analysis of the Penicillin Binding Protein 1b of Escherichia coli, 1997, Thèse. [0182] 8) Lefèvre F., Rémy M. H. and Masson J. M., 1997 (a), Alanine-stretch scanning mutagenesis: a simple and efficient method to probe protein structure and function, Nuc. Acids Res., 25, 447-448. [0183] 9) Lefèvre F., Rémy M. H. and Masson J. M., 1997 (b), Topographical and functional investigation of Escherichia coli Penicillin-Binding Protein lb by alanine stretch scanning mutagenesis, J. Bacteriol., 179, 4761-4767. [0184] 10) Studier F. W. and Moffatt B. A., 1986, Use of bacteriophage T7 RNA polymerase to direct selective high-level expression of cloned genes, J. Mol. Biol, 189, 113-130.  





 

Previous Patent: High throughput screening for sequences of interestNext Patent: Essential bacterial genes and their use











Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 













Daniel Dupret Inventions, Patents and Patent Applications - Justia Patents Search

































































Log In
Sign Up











Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing












                                    Patents by Inventor Daniel Dupret
                                




                    Daniel Dupret has filed for patents to protect the following inventions. This listing includes patent applications that are pending as well as patents that have already been granted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO).
                







Method for detecting and/or quantifying a known function from a nucleic acid sample



Patent number:  8017318
                                            

Abstract:  The invention concerns a method for detecting a known function, from nucleic acids present in a sample, characterized in that it comprises the following steps: (a) preparing, from the nucleic acids of the sample, nucleic acid molecules comprising the gene(s) coding for the protein(s) corresponding to said function, and the control elements required for the transcription and the translation of said gene(s); (b) in vitro transcription and translation of the nucleic acid molecule prepared in step (a); (c) detecting and/or measuring the function corresponding to the protein(s) produced in step (b).
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        November 28, 2000
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        September 13, 2011
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Proteus S.A.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Jean François Bloch, Sandrine Dautel, Daniel Dupret, Jean-Michel Masson, Fabrice Lefevre
                            





Process for obtaining recombined nucleotide sequences in vitro, libraries of sequences and sequences thus obtained



Patent number:  7718786
                                            

Abstract:  Ligation-mediated method of recombining polynucleotides in vitro. Polynucleotides from a library are fragmented and the fragments are hybridized to an assembly template. The hybridized fragments are iteratively re-hybridized and ligated until the ends of the hybridized fragments are adjacent to the ends of other hybridized fragments on the assembly template. A final ligation produces recombined polynucleotides.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        June 3, 2005
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        May 18, 2010
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Proteus SA
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Daniel Dupret, Jean-Michel Masson, Fabrice Lefevre
                            





Method of preparing polynucleotide fragments for use in shuffling, and shuffling of same



Patent number:  7303897
                                            

Abstract:  The invention relates to a fragmentation process that depends on mismatches between two strands of parental polynucleotides. One embodiment, comprises a method for preparing polynucleotide fragments of DNA comprising formation of heteroduplex molecules by hybridizing polynucleotides. The invention also provides a method and process of forming fragments which can be used with any shuffling process or combination of shuffling processes.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        November 17, 2003
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        December 4, 2007
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Proteus S.A.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Daniel Dupret, Fabrice Lefevre, Laurent Fourage
                            





Process for in vitro creation of recombinant polynucleotide sequences by oriented ligation



Patent number:  6991922
                                            

Abstract:  The object of this invention is a process for the creation of at least one recombinant polynucleotide sequence comprising a step of oriented ligation of fragments derived from a bank of at least two polynucleotide sequences, and optionally cloning the recombinant polynucleotide sequences, and the selection of polynucleotide sequences offering advantageous characteristics compared to one or several reference sequences.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        April 25, 2001
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        January 31, 2006
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Proteus S.A.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Daniel Dupret, Fabrice Lefevre, Jean-Michel Masson
                            





Process for obtaining recombined nucleotide sequences in vitro, libraries of sequences and sequences thus obtained



Publication number:  20050221378
                                            

Abstract:  Ligation-mediated method of recombining polynucleotides in vitro. Polynucleotides from a library are fragmented and the fragments are hybridized to an assembly template. The hybridized fragments are iteratively re-hybridized and ligated until the ends of the hybridized fragments are adjacent to the ends of other hybridized fragments on the assembly template. A final ligation produces recombined polynucleotides.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        June 3, 2005
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        October 6, 2005
                        

Applicant: 
                                                                        Proteus S.A.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Daniel Dupret, Jean-Michel Masson, Fabrice Lefevre
                            





Process for obtaining recombined nucleotide sequences in vitro, libraries of sequences and sequences thus obtained



Patent number:  6951719
                                            

Abstract:  Ligation-mediated method of recombining polynucleotides in vitro. Polynucleotides from a library are fragmented and the fragments are hybridized to an assembly template. The hybridized fragments are iteratively re-hybridized and ligated until the ends of the hybridized fragments are adjacent to the ends of other hybridized fragments on the assembly template. A final ligation produces recombined polynucleotides.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        November 28, 2000
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        October 4, 2005
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Proteus S.A.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Daniel Dupret, Jean-Michel Masson, Fabrice Lefevre
                            





METHOD OF DETECTION IN VITRO OF A TARGET SUBSTANCE IN A SAMPLE COMPRISING THE LABELLING OF SAID SUBSTANCE WITH A REPORTER GENE AND WITH THE SEQUENCES NECESSARY FOR THE EXPRESSION OF SAID REPORTER GENE IN VITRO



Patent number:  6911307
                                            

Abstract:  The present invention relates to a method of detection in vitro of a target substance in a sample. The sample can comprise, among other things, a nucleic sequence or more generally any type of substance. In particular, the present invention provides a method of detection comprising (i) specificly labeling a substance with a reporter gene and any sequences necessary for the in vitro expression of the reporter gene; (ii) in vitro transcription and translation of the reporter gene; and (iii) in vitro detection of a reporter protein coded by the reporter gene.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        November 28, 2000
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        June 28, 2005
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Proteus S.A.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Sandrine Dautel, Cécile Persillon, Daniel Dupret, Jean-Michel Masson, Fabrice Lefevre
                            





Method for producing hybridization complexes whose stability is substantially independent of the base composition of two hybridized nucleic acid molecules



Patent number:  6864049
                                            

Abstract:  The invention discloses a method for producing a hybridization complex whose stability is substantially independent of the base composition of two hybridized nucleic acid molecules, consisting in contacting a first nucleic acid molecule with a second nucleic acid molecule under conditions enabling the formation of a specific hybridization complex. The invention is characterized in that at least one of the four types of bases contained in the sequence of the first and/or of the second nucleic acid molecule is a modified base having pairing properties close to those of the natural base it replaces, such that at least one of the two types of the base pair contained in the composition of the complex comprises a modified base and in that the totality of the base pairs contained in the composition of the said complex has a like stability.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        June 25, 1997
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        March 8, 2005
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Appligene-Oncor S.A.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Thuong Nguyen, Ulysse Asseline, Hong Khanh Nguyen, Maurice Durand, Jean-Claude Maurizot, Daniel Dupret, Edwige Bonfils
                            





Process for determination of the activity of a substance using an in vitro functional test



Patent number:  6818396
                                            

Abstract:  The invention concerns a method for determining the activity of a substance using a functional test, characterized in that it consists in detecting and/or measuring the variation of a known function corresponding to one or several proteins produced in vitro in the presence and in the absence of said substances or to the substance in the presence or in the absence of one or several proteins produces in vitro.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        November 28, 2000
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        November 16, 2004
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Proteus S.A.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Jean François Bloch, Daniel Dupret, Fabrice Lefevre, Sandrine Dautel, Jean-Michel Masson
                            





Method of preparing polynucleotide fragments for use in shuffling, and shuffling of same



Publication number:  20040214197
                                            

Abstract:  The invention relates to a fragmentation process that depends on mismatches between two strands of parental polynucleotides. One embodiment, comprises a method for preparing polynucleotide fragments of DNA comprising formation of heteroduplex molecules by hybridizing polynucleotides. The invention also provides a method and process of forming fragments which can be used with any shuffling process or combination of shuffling processes.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        November 17, 2003
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        October 28, 2004
                        

Applicant: 
                                                                        PROTEUS S.A.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Daniel Dupret, Fabrice Lefevre, Laurent Fourage
                            





Uses of a miniature device for separating and isolating biological objects and methods used



Publication number:  20040175708
                                            

Abstract:  The invention concerns the use of a miniature device for separating and isolating biological objects for various applications in the field of molecular biology, methods for making DNA or protein chips in particular, and the DNA or protein chips obtained by using said methods.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        May 3, 2004
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        September 9, 2004
                        

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Patrice Caillat, Alexandra Fuchs, Frederic Revol-Cavalier, Daniel Dupret, Fabrice Lefevre
                            





Miniature device for separating and isolation biological objects and uses thereof



Publication number:  20040168916
                                            

Abstract:  The invention concerns a miniature device for separating and isolating biological objects, the use of said device for isolating, separating, culturing and/or analysing biological objects and a method for separating and isolating biological objects using said device.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        March 30, 2004
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        September 2, 2004
                        

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Alexandra Fuchs, Patrice Caillat, Daniel Dupret, Fabrice Lefevre
                            





Method and kit for discovering nucleic acids that encode desired functions



Publication number:  20040002101
                                            

Abstract:  Method and kit for using in vitro expression to discover nucleic acids that encode desired functions. Either the existence, presence, identity, properties or function of one or more of the nucleic acids from the sample is unknown to at least the experimenter performing the method or using the kit.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        April 11, 2003
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        January 1, 2004
                        

Applicant: 
                                                                        Proteus S.A.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Daniel Dupret, Jean-Michel Masson, Fabrice Lefevre
                            





Process for in vitro creation of recombinant polynucleotide sequences by oriented ligation



Publication number:  20030215800
                                            

Abstract:  The object of this invention is a process for the creation of at least one recombinant polynucleotide sequence comprising a step of oriented ligation of fragments derived from a bank of at least two polynucleotide sequences, and optionally cloning the recombinant polynucleotide sequences, and the selection of polynucleotide sequences offering advantageous characteristics compared to one or several reference sequences.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        April 25, 2001
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        November 20, 2003
                        

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Daniel Dupret, Fabrice Lefevre, Jean-Michel Masson
                            





Template-mediated, ligation-oriented method of nonrandomly shuffling polynucleotides



Publication number:  20030104417
                                            

Abstract:  Method of gene shuffling using oriented ligation, whereby at least two fragments are adjacently hybridized on an assembly template. Invention is particularly aimed at generating novel polynucleotides that differ in some advantageous respect compared to a reference sequence. Invention further includes sequences created by the method, hosts and vectors containing same, and proteins translated therefrom.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        April 25, 2002
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        June 5, 2003
                        

Applicant: 
                                                                        Proteus S.A.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Daniel Dupret, Jean Michel Masson, Fabrice Lefevre
                            





Method of shuffling polynucleotides using templates



Publication number:  20030092023
                                            

Abstract:  Method of gene shuffling using hybridization of fragments on assembly templates, wherein the fragments are not themselves the templates. Invention is particularly aimed at generating novel polynucleotides that differ in some advantageous respect compared to a reference sequence. Invention further includes reaction mixtures created by or during the method, sequences created by the method, hosts and vectors containing same, and proteins translated therefrom.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        May 24, 2002
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        May 15, 2003
                        

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Daniel Dupret, Fabrice Lefevre, Jean Michel Masson
                            





Method for separating and characterizing functions potentially present in a biological sample containing nucleic acids



Patent number:  6514703
                                            

Abstract:  The present invention is directed to a process for the separation and characterization of the functions potentially present in a biological sample containing nucleic acids, characterized in that it comprises the steps of preparation of nucleic acid fragments starting from said sample, association of each one of said fragments with a vector molecule, isolation of each fragment associated with a vector molecule or with a part of each construction composed of a fragment associated with a vector molecule, in vitro treatment of each fragment associated with a vector molecule or of a part of each construction composed of a fragment associated with a vector molecule to obtain transcripts, and testing of the function of the transcripts or of the proteins encoded thereby after translation of said transcripts.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        November 28, 2000
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        February 4, 2003
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Proteus S.A.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Daniel Dupret, Jean-Michel Masson, Fabrice Lefevre
                            





Method for preparing assay supports having an ordered set of reaction zones



Patent number:  6491869
                                            

Abstract:  The abstract discloses a method for preparing supports for the assay of chemical or biological substances, consisting in preparing N different supports, each being homogeneous for a type of reaction, then in mutually combining, according to a predetermined arrangement, all or part of the said homogenous N supports to constitute assay supports having each an ordered set of reaction zones of N different types or less. The invention also concerns the assay supports prepared by this method and their use in processes of immunological hybridisation assays.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        May 10, 1999
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        December 10, 2002
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Sartorius AG
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Wolfgang Demmer, Dietmar Nussbaumer, Khuong To Vinh, Thang Thuong Nguyen, Edwige Bonfils, Daniel Dupret
                            





Process for in vitro creation of recombinant polynucleotide sequences by oriented ligation



Publication number:  20020160366
                                            

Abstract:  The object of this invention is a process for the creation of at least one recombinant polynucleotide sequence comprising a step of oriented ligation of fragments derived from a bank of at least two polynucleotide sequences, and optionally cloning the recombinant polynucleotide sequences, and the selection of polynucleotide sequences offering advantageous characteristics compared to one or several reference sequences.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        April 25, 2001
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        October 31, 2002
                        

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Daniel Dupret, Fabrice Lefevre, Jean-Michel Masson
                            





Mutation detecting method using photobridging-stabilized double-stranded DNA denaturing gradient electrophoresis



Patent number:  5869236
                                            

Abstract:  A method for the detection of nucleic acid sequence variants is disclosed which method comprises the stabilization of a portion of the sequence by a covalent bond with a photoactivatable intercalating agent and compositions.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        July 25, 1994
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        February 9, 1999
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Appligene, S.A.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Daniel Dupret, Michel Goossens, Marcel Chassignol, Thank Thuong Nguyen
                            



 




Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                                                    1000
                                                



                                            Ask Question
                                        






Find a Lawyer













Lawyers - Get Listed Now!

Get a free directory profile listing










                    Justia Legal Resources
                



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                             © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions










Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Daniel Safety Products 4039 Nixon Chapel Rd Albertville, AL Safety Equipment & Clothing-Mfrs - MapQuest







































































































    Daniel Safety Products
  

4039 Nixon Chapel Rd

Albertville
AL
35950




 Reviews



(256) 878-1440
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!


  
  
            In operation for more than 30 years, Daniel Safety Products offers a range of protective apparel and safety equipment. It provides coveralls for cutting and welding, as well as agricultural spraying and fire-retardant applications. The company also offers chemical protection aprons in various fabrics and designs. Daniel Safety Products provides a variety of gastight suits, gloves, face shields and air relief valves. It uses different brands of materials and fabrics that include the Tyvek, DanKleen, Tychem, Pyrolon, DanGuard and Polypropylene. Daniel Safety Products offers a range of accessories, including shoe covers, bouffant caps and vests. In addition, it provides various laboratory coats, shirts, pants and sleeves.
          






















Legal






Help






















Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


 






Daniel Dupret, Chief Scientific Officer, AzurRx BioPharma


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Daniel Dupret



Chief Scientific Officer
at
AzurRx BioPharma


Location: Montpellier Area, France





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Daniel Dupret



Chief Scientific Officer
at
AzurRx BioPharma


Location: Montpellier Area, France




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Daniel Dupret, President, ProteaBio Europe and Chief Scientific Officer at AzurRx BioPharma.
Dr. Dupret joins after serving as President of ProteaBio Europe, a wholly-owned European subsidiary of Protea Biosciences. He joined Protea Biosciences in October 2008 to launch and manage ProteaBio Europe. Previously, Daniel founded Proteus SA in 1998 and served as its President and CEO from 1998 to 2007. He founded Appligene SA in 1985 and served as CSO, President, and CEO, respectively, until 1998. From 1982 to 1985, he served as Project Leader at Transgene SA. In parallel to his Biotechnology career, Mr. Dupret was an expert for the French government and the European commission in grant commission and funding of young biotech companies. From 2003 to 2007, he served as President of the Board of the University of Nîmes. Dr. Dupret received his PhD. at the Medical University of Strasbourg.



5

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





1

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
R&D in Biotech, Environmental and various industries (no marketing product yet)




Tags
Sciences de la vie, Management, Secteur pharmaceutique, Biotechnologie, Pharmaceutical Industry, Transfert technologique, New Business Development, Business Strategy, Entrepreneurship




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Daniel DupretCareer (5)






2016




AzurRx BioPharma



Chief Scientific Officer







Oct-2008




ProteaBio Europe



President







Jun-1998 to Jan-2007




Proteus SA



President & CEO; Founder







1985 to 1998




Appligene SA



President and CEO; Founder







1982 to 1985




Transgene



Chef de groupe








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Daniel DupretEducation (2)






1982



Université Louis Pasteur (Strasbourg I)


Docteur Ingenieur, Biologie Moléculaire






1979



INSA Lyon


Ingénieur Biochimie, Biochimie - Biotechnologie, Ingénieur et DEA la même année









 Edit



Daniel DupretAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Daniel Dupret






 Edit



Daniel DupretLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Daniel Dupret









Daniel DupretInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Daniel Dupret









Daniel DupretInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Daniel Dupret








Daniel DupretRelated People








Colleagues at AzurRx BioPharma







Thijs Spoor

President, Chief Executive Officer
Jan-2016








View all 
Peers (11)







Charles Albright

Chief Scientific Officer of Editas Medicine









Allan A. Kaspar

Chief Scientific Officer of AveXis









Glenn Noronha

Chief Scientific Officer of Clearside Biomedical









Richard Nuccitelli

Chief Scientific Officer of Pulse Biosciences









Jacques Turgeon

Chief Scientific Officer of Tabula Rasa Healthcare









R. P. Iyer

Co-Founder & Chief Scientific Officer of Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals












View all 



Daniel DupretRecommended Market Profiles








Healthcare/Biotech IPO (2016)

10,000 or More employees
43 companies


















