



People directory - Last Names - Durow















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
D

Durow




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Please select a first name!

A Durow
Abdikadir Durow
Abdirizak Durow
Albert Durow
Alexis Durow
Alfred Durow
Ali Durow
Alicia Durow
Alissa Durow
Alma Durow
Andrea Durow
Anna Durow
Anne Durow
Aoife Durow
Arthur Durow
Barbara Durow
Barni Durow
Berwyn Durow
Bessie Durow
Beth Durow
Bettie Durow
Betty Durow
Brandi Durow
Brian Durow
Bryan Durow
C Durow
Candace Durow
Carl Durow
Carole Durow
Charles Durow
Chris Durow
Christine Durow
Christo Durow
Christopher Durow
Claudia Durow
Claudla Durow
Courtney Durow
Craig Durow
D Durow
Dallas Durow
Dan Durow
Daniel Durow
Danielle Durow
Darci Durow
Darlene Durow
David Durow
Dawn Durow
Dean Durow
Debbie Durow
Debra Durow
Dennis Durow
Diane Durow
Don Durow
Donald Durow
Donna Durow
Douglas Durow
Dwane Durow
Edmund Durow
Edna Durow
Edward Durow
Elaine Durow
Elroy Durow
Eric Durow
Erin Durow
Eve Durow
Evelyn Durow
H Durow
Hamilton Durow
Heather Durow
Helga Durow
Henry Durow
Howard Durow
J Durow
James Durow
Janet Durow
Jennifer Durow
Jereanne Durow
Jessica Durow
Jim Durow
Joan Durow
Joann Durow
Jodi Durow
Jody Durow
Jordan Durow
Jos Durow
Joseph Durow
Josephine Durow
Judith Durow
Justin Durow
K Durow
Karen Durow
Karl Durow
Kathleen Durow
Kathryn Durow
Kathy Durow
Kaylee Durow
Kelli Durow
Kelly Durow
Kevin Durow
Kim Durow
Kimberly Durow
Kjersti Durow
Kori Durow
Korinne Durow
Kristin Durow
L Durow
Laura Durow
Lauri Durow
Leonard Durow
Leonph Durow
Linda Durow
Lindsay Durow
Lisa Durow
Lloyd Durow
Louis Durow
Lucinda Durow
M Durow
Macy Durow
Margo Durow
Margot Durow
Marian Durow
Marianahaj Durow
Marianahaji Durow
Marilyn Durow
Marion Durow
Mark Durow
Marlan Durow
Martin Durow
Marvin Durow
Mary Durow
Maryellen Durow
Melita Durow
Michael Durow
Mildred Durow
Mohamed Durow
Monica Durow
Myrtle Durow
Pamela Durow
Paula Durow
Penny Durow
Peter Durow
R Durow
Randall Durow
Randy Durow
Raymond Durow
Rebecca Durow
Rene Durow
Renee Durow
Richard Durow
Rita Durow
Robert Durow
Rose Durow
Rosemarie Durow
Ruth Durow
Ryan Durow
Sara Durow
Sarah Durow
Scott Durow
Sharon Durow
Shirley Durow
Simone Durow
Steve Durow
Steven Durow
Susan Durow
T Durow
Terry Durow
Thomas Durow
Tim Durow
Timothy Durow
Todd Durow
Traci Durow
Waldermar Durow
Walter Durow
Wes Durow
Wesley Durow
William Durow
Wlater Durow
Wt Durow








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017






YouTube 




 






 









































































































































 

 





 








Sign in

About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube


Terms
Privacy
Policy & Safety
Test new features




© 2017 YouTube, LLC










Wesley Dean Durow - Allen, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Wesley Dean Durow in Allen, TX


Wesley Dean Durow

                                                                           Intelius found that Wesley Dean Durow  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Allen, TX.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                8 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Wes D Durow


Get Report Now

Age

Wesley Dean Durow is in his 50s

Wesley Has Lived In

Allen, TX
Bedford, TX
Richardson, TX

Wesley's Relatives

Maryellen Durow
Chandler Durow







Wesley Dean Durow



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Professional Status
Welcome New Member at Metroplex Technology Business Council



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Wesley? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Wesley, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Wesley Dean Durow
Get a Criminal Check on Wesley Dean Durow
Get a Public Record Report on Wesley Dean Durow
Get a People Search Report on Wesley Dean Durow


Wesley Dean Durow's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Wesley Dean Durow has lived as well as Wesley Dean Durow's phone numbers and email addresses.




Wesley Dean Durow Has Lived in 3 States
Texas Address for Wesley Dean Durow


1001 A*** L* 

Allen, TX


Has Lived In

Allen, TX
Bedford, TX


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Wesley Dean Durow

(214) ***-**** - Allen, TX 
() ***-**** - Allen, TX 
(919) ***-**** - Cary, NC 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Wesley Dean Durow



Get Email Report




Wesley Dean Durow's Professional Information
Information regarding Wesley Dean Durow's professional history.  Find out previous places Wesley Dean Durow has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Wesley Dean Durow Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Metroplex Technology Business Council
               Title: Welcome New Member
Wesley Dean Durow's Experience
Title: Welcome New Member
               Company: Metroplex Technology Business Council
Job Details
               The MTBC strengthens the North Texas' technology community and its reputation by acting as the innovation hub for entrepreneurs, universities and corporations. The MTBC continues to prove that 'Technology lives here' by growing future tech leaders with its talent and workforce development initiative, advocating technology's advancement in governmental arenas and connecting people and inspiring innovative ideas through its programs and special interest groups. The MTBC is the largest technology trade association in Texas, representing a quarter million employees through its 300 member companies.
Additional Professional Information on Wesley Dean Durow

 See Wesley Dean Durow's LinkedIn Profile



Wesley Dean Durow's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Wesley Dean Durow


Wesley Dean Durow's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Wesley Dean Durow's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Wesley Durow
Username Matches

                  WesleyDurow
                  DurowWesley
                  Wesley.Durow
                  Durow.Wesley
                  Wesley_Durow
                  Durow_Wesley
                  Wesley-Durow
                  Durow-Wesley
                  WDurow
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Durow







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Wesley Durow (Dean), 51  - Allen, TX | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 WD


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Wesley Durow
 Allen, TX
 Age: 51 -
								03/26/1966







AKA:
                                                Wesley Durrow, Wesley D Durow, Wesley Duron, Wesley Dean Durow













Work Info








                                    Single






Has Kids






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Wesley










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







(214) 491-6161










****@reunionemail.com

                                
                                     |  Send Message











10*** **** Ln


Allen, TX 75002







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
                        Wesley Durow  was born in 1966.
        Wesley
                   currently lives in 



Allen
.
        
                     Before that, he lived in
                        



Cary
, NC
                                          from 2004 to 2007.
                                    















About & Contact Information


Wesley's Story






Please Wait...


            Wesley Durow  was born in 1966.
            Wesley
                currently lives in 



Allen
.
            
                        Before that, he lived in
                        



Cary
, NC
                                        from 2004 to 2007.
                                    





Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
10*** **** Ln
Allen, TX
View Address


Past Address
56*** **** Dr




Cary
, NC
View Address


Past Address
47*** **** Ln




Richardson
, TX
View Address


Past Address
28*** **** 5511




Richardson
, TX
View Address


Past Address





Cary
, NC
View Address


Past Address





Richardson
, TX
View Address





                                                     
                                                            Current Phone Number
                                                        
(214) 491-6161




Email Address
****@reunionemail.com
View Email





    Wesley may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Wesley's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    Wesley may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    Wesley may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Wesley may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Wesley may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Wesley may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Wesley's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Wesley may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Wesley may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Wesley's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Wesley Durow's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Wesley










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Wesley may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Wesley. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Wesley may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Wesley may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Wesley may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Wesley may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates







 MD

Maryellen Durow




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Wesley may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies



















A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Wesley build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Wesley Durow
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Wesley's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Wesley have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Wesley
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about him on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Wesley

Is there anything you want to say about him on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Wesley

Is there anything you want to say about him concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Wesley?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Wesley Durow?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Wesley 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Wesley .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Wesley Durow
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Wesley Durow's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Wesley's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Wesley Durow











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












ï¿½
Send a message to  Wesley



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Wesley Durow











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Fri Jul 28 07:09:45 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 







 









Duro Wesley Twin over Full Bunk Bed Black - Product Review Video - YouTube 


 
  


















































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    Duro Wesley Twin over Full Bunk Bed Black - Product Review Video
  



 










hayneedle.com














Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from hayneedle.com?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe4.5K 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in





Transcript




Statistics



Add translations

4,510 views







10

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



11


1

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



2











Loading...
    











Loading...
    





Transcript
    





The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
      








Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    




Published on Oct 31, 2013For more details or to shop this Duro Wesley Twin over Full Bunk Bed - Black, visit Hayneedle at: http://www.hayneedle.com/product/roun... To view our full assortment of Bunk Beds, visit Hayneedle at:http://www.hayneedle.com/baby-and-kid...Have questions? Give us a call! 1-866-508-1134 



      Category
    

Howto & Style




      License
    

Standard YouTube License




 Show more
Show less






Loading...
    















Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    Twin over full bunk bed set up | April 2016
  

     - Duration: 4:00.
  
Alli H
22,505 views



4:00














    DOREL twin over full bunk bed review part 2
  

     - Duration: 2:51.
  
george villalba
1,174 views



2:51





    DOREL twin over full size bunk bed REVIEW
  

     - Duration: 8:45.
  
george villalba
25,971 views



8:45





    Timelapse Bunk Bed
  

     - Duration: 6:20.
  
jimdl
1,683 views



6:20





    your zone premium twin-over-full bunk bed
  

     - Duration: 1:12.
  
Loft Bunk Bed
1,018 views



1:12





    Bunk Bed Assembly
  

     - Duration: 2:12.
  
qtiem
24,584 views



2:12





    Walter Twin Over Full Bunk Bed with Steps AC37015
  

     - Duration: 1:55.
  
efurniturehouse1
3,776 views



1:55





    30 Bunk Bed Idea for Modern Bedroom - Room Ideas
  

     - Duration: 2:41.
  
Room Ideas
9,866,413 views



2:41





    Twin Over Full Bunk Bed
  

     - Duration: 0:37.
  
DHP Furniture
1,563 views



0:37





    Dorel Twin Over Full Metal Bunk Bed Black
  

     - Duration: 2:17.
  
Obinna He
2,660 views



2:17





    14 Strange Beds You Won't Believe Exist Part 2
  

     - Duration: 7:10.
  
Talltanic
527,977 views



7:10





    20 Most Awesome Beds in the World!
  

     - Duration: 8:12.
  
Factnomenal
792,558 views



8:12





    Duro Wesley Twin over Full Bunk Bed Silver BB0024SILV
  

     - Duration: 1:28.
  
hayneedle.com
733 views



1:28





    Assembly video metal bunkbed Twin/twin and Twin Futon
  

     - Duration: 6:46.
  
ACME FURNITURE
41,713 views



6:46





    100 Cool Ideas! MORE BEDS!
  

     - Duration: 9:24.
  
100 Cool Ideas!
8,785,650 views



9:24





    Twin over full bunk bed
  

     - Duration: 1:15.
  
nathan Bryson
9,272 views



1:15





    Eclipse Twin Full Futon Bunk Bed Assembly Video
  

     - Duration: 3:43.
  
ACME FURNITURE
50,858 views



3:43





    Twin Over Futon Bunk Bed
  

     - Duration: 0:47.
  
DHP Furniture
9,053 views



0:47





    Full Over Full Bunk Bed
  

     - Duration: 0:46.
  
DHP Furniture
1,686 views



0:46





    View this Metal Full Over Full Bunk Bed by Powell
  

     - Duration: 0:38.
  
FactoryProducts
7,116 views



0:38




Loading more suggestions...
    

Show more









  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 



Wesley Dean  Durow - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Wesley Dean  Durow
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Wesley Dean  Durow. Find out Wesley Dean  Durow address and contact details. View other people related to Wesley Dean  Durow - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

350 LEGGET DRIVE  OTTAWA K2K 2W7 A6




Companies related to Wesley Dean  Durow
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001170534MITEL NETWORKS CORPChief Marketing Officer 350 LEGGET DRIVE  KANATA ONTARIO CANADA K2K 2W7 00000




Wesley Dean  Durow on the Web
Persons related to Wesley Dean  Durow - MITEL NETWORKS CORPNamePositionCityTODD  ABBOTTEVP Global Sales HOLTSVILLERobert Dale  AgnesSee Remarks OTTAWABENJAMIN  BALLSAN JOSEMartha Helena  BejarDirector BRAMPTON A6John Anthony  BellomoSee Remarks OTTAWAGraham  BevingtonSee Remarks OTTAWAJon  BrintonSee Remarks OTTAWAPETER  CHARBONNEAUDirector OTTAWAWesley Dean  DurowChief Marketing Officer OTTAWAELLIOTT ASSOCIATES LPNEW YORKELLIOTT INTERNATIONAL L PGRAND CAYMANGregory James  HiscockSee Remarks OTTAWABalagopal Gopa  KumarFREMONTThomas Gerald  LokarChief Human Resources Officer OTTAWATERENCE H  MATTHEWSChairman of the Board KANATA ONTARIO CANADAColin Ross  McAnuffOTTAWARICHARD D  MCBEESee Remarks BEAVERTONMichael William  McCarthySee Remarks OTTAWAJohn P  McHughDirector OTTAWAStavros  PethakasOTTAWASudhakar  RamakrishnaDirector PLEASANTONSteven Edward  SpoonerChief Financial Officer OTTAWAMahawa Vanessa  TouraySenior Vice President, Finance OTTAWADAVID M  WILLIAMSDirector TORONTO ON












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















DUROW WESLEY DEAN Insider Insider Trades - NASDAQ.com



























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Quotes > 
    Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Individual Insiders






Insider Trades of DUROW WESLEY DEAN





Click on the column header to resort ascending (▲) or descending (▼).



Individual Insider Trades



Company


Relation


Last Date ▼


Type


Tran


OwnerType


Shares Traded


Last Price


Shares Held



MITEL NETWORKS CORP
Officer
05/16/2017
Form 4
Sell
direct
1,334
6.7745
14,782


MITEL NETWORKS CORP
Officer
03/10/2017
Form 4
Sell
direct
2,613
6.9517
11,116















Highest Rated Articles of Last Week



Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon





View All Highest Rated































Most Rated Stocks of Last Week
Rated stocks for NASDAQ, NYSE and AMEX

Symbol  /  Ratings Consensus

AAPL

86% bullish
                    of
                    2911
                    ratings
Rate It


FB

76% bullish
                    of
                    1327
                    ratings
Rate It


MSFT

84% bullish
                    of
                    649
                    ratings
Rate It


TSLA

78% bullish
                    of
                    587
                    ratings
Rate It


GOOG

91% bullish
                    of
                    128
                    ratings
Rate It


JPM

70% bullish
                    of
                    88
                    ratings
Rate It


GM

68% bullish
                    of
                    80
                    ratings
Rate It


NVDA

82% bullish
                    of
                    131
                    ratings
Rate It


BAC

75% bullish
                    of
                    474
                    ratings
Rate It


INTC

83% bullish
                    of
                    266
                    ratings
Rate It


More Most Rated Stocks



























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX













































Durow Wesley Dean - Mitel Networks Corp Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsDurow Wesley DeanMitel Networks Corp (MITL)Chief Marketing Officer Not RankedDurow Wesley Dean's PerformanceDurow Wesley Dean has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Mitel Networks Corp (MITL)$29KSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesMitel Networks Corp (MITL): Chief Marketing OfficerSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Durow Wesley Dean's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateMITLMitel Networks CorpChief Marketing Officer$28,804Uninformative Buy$9,031.18May 17, 2017Durow Wesley Dean has not reported any informative transactions for MITL, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record DateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 May 17, 2017 Uninformative Buy $9K 5,000 $6.55 N/A  Mar 13, 2017 Uninformative Buy $18K 10,125 $6.9 N/A  Dec 21, 2016 Uninformative Buy (undisclosed) 3,604 $6.49 N/A See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by

























Mitel Networks Corp (MITL.PH)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Mitel Networks Corp (MITL.PH)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologySoftware












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				MITL.PH on Philadelphia Stock Exchange


				7.93USD
27 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$7.93


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

5,361




52-wk High

$8.50


52-wk Low

$6.23











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Terence Matthews

73
2001

                                Independent Chairman of the Board




							Richard McBee

53
2011

                                President, Chief Executive Officer, Director




							Steven Spooner

57
2003

                                Chief Financial Officer




							Thomas Lokar

50
2014

                                Chief Human Resource Officer




							Todd Abbott


2017

                                Executive Vice President - Global Sales




							Robert Agnes

58
2014

                                Executive Vice President and President - Enterprise Division




							Graham Bevington

57
2017

                                Executive Vice President - Business Development




							Jon Brinton

52
2015

                                Executive Vice President, President - Mitel Cloud Division




							Rajib Das




                                Senior Vice President - Global Service Delivery




							Jamshid Rezaei




                                Chief Information Officer




							Wesley Durow

51
2015

                                Chief Marketing Officer




							Peter Charbonneau

63
2001

                                Lead Independent Director




							Benjamin Ball

51
2007

                                Independent Director




							Martha Bejar

54
2017

                                Independent Director




							John McHugh

56
2010

                                Independent Director




							Sudhakar Ramakrishna

49
2016

                                Independent Director




							David Williams

75
2014

                                Independent Director




							Michael McCarthy




                                Vice President, Investor Relations



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Terence Matthews


					
							Dr. Terence Hedley (Terry) Matthews serves as Independent Chairman of the Board of Mitel Networks Corp. Dr. Matthews has been a member of our board of directors since February 16, 2001 and has been an investor of Mitel Corporation (re-named Zarlink Semiconductor Inc. and acquired by Microsemi Corporation) for over 34 years. In 1972, he co-founded Mitel Corporation and served as its President until 1985 when British Telecommunications plc bought a controlling interest in the company. In 2001, companies controlled by Dr. Matthews purchased a controlling interest in Mitel Corporation’s communications systems division and the “Mitel” trademarks from Mitel Corporation. Between 1986 and 2000, Dr. Matthews founded Newbridge Networks Corporation and served as its Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. Dr. Matthews is also the founder and Chairman of Wesley Clover International Corporation, an investment group, with offices in the United Kingdom and Canada, that invests in a broad range of next-generation technology companies, real estate and hotels and resorts. In addition, Dr. Matthews is currently Chairman, or serves on the board of directors, of a number of high technology companies including CounterPath Corporation, ProntoForms Corporation, Solace Systems Inc. and Benbria Corporation. Dr. Matthews holds an honors degree in electronics from the University of Wales, Swansea and is a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical Engineers and of the Royal Academy of Engineering. He has been awarded honorary doctorates by several universities, including the University of Wales, Glamorgan and Swansea, and Carleton University in Ottawa. In 1994, he was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire, and in the 2001 Queen’s Birthday Honours, he was awarded a Knighthood. In 2011, he was appointed Patron of the Cancer Stem Cell Research Institute at Cardiff University.




							Richard McBee


					
							Mr. Richard D. McBee serves as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Mitel Networks Corp. Prior to joining the Corporation, Mr. McBee served as President of the Communications & Enterprise Group of Danaher Corporation. In this role, he was responsible for annual sales derived from carrier, enterprise, and SMB markets via both direct sales and channel partners. Mr. McBee joined Danaher in 2007 as President, Tektronix Communications, following the acquisition by Danaher of Tektronix. During his 15 years with Tektronix, he held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President and General Manager, Communications Business Unit; Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales, Service and Marketing; and Vice President of Marketing & Strategic Initiatives. Mr. McBee holds a Master’s Degree in Business Administration from the Chapman School of Business and Economics and graduated from the United States Air Force Academy with a Bachelor of Science in 1986. Mr. McBee serves on the board of the Metroplex Technology Business Council in Texas.




							Steven Spooner


					
							Mr. Steven E. (Steve) Spooner serves as Chief Financial Officer of Mitel Networks Corp. Mr. Spooner has more than 33 years of experience in corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions, corporate governance, strategic business planning and operational leadership with companies in the high technology and telecommunications sectors. Between April 2002 and June 2003, he was an independent management consultant for various technology companies. From February 2000 to March 2002, Mr. Spooner was President and Chief Executive Officer of Stream Intelligent Networks Corp., a competitive access povider and supplier of point-to-point high speed managed bandwidth. From February 1995 to February 2000, Mr. Spooner served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CrossKeys Systems Corporation, a publicly traded company between 1997 and 2001. Prior to that, Mr. Spooner was Vice President Finance and Corporate Controller of SHL Systemhouse Inc., also a publicly traded company. He held progressively senior financial management responsibilities at Digital Equipment of Canada Ltd. from 1984 to 1990 and at Wang Canada Ltd. from 1990 to 1992. Mr. Spooner previously erved as the Chair of the Finance and Audit Committee and was a member of the Executive Committee and Nominating Committee of The Ottawa Hospital Foundation from February 2006 to June 2016. He also previously served on the Board for Magor Communications Corporation from March 2013 to November 2015. Mr. Spooner is an honours Commerce graduate of Carleton University. He is a member of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Ontario (successor of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ontario) and in 2011 was elected by the Institute as a Fellow of the Institute in recognition of outstanding career achievements and leadership contributions to the community and to the profession and received his FCPA credentials in 2013. Mr. Spooner also holds the ICD.D certification, having completed the Directors’ Education Program of the Institute of Corporate Directors of Canada.




							Thomas Lokar


					
							Mr. Thomas Gerald Lokar serves as Chief Human Resource Officer of Mitel Networks Corp. Mr. Lokar has more than 18 years of experience in the technology sector and brings to the company deep expertise in organization effectiveness, talent management, and employee development from his previous time at several Fortune 500 companies. Prior to joining the company, Mr. Lokar worked for Hewlett-Packard as Vice President of Human Resources for Enterprise Services, Global Outsourcing, and Application Services. Prior to that, he spent six years at AOL as Senior Vice President of HR Products, Platforms, and Technology Development, before leaving to become president and co-founder of an online career management and talent management start-up. Mr. Lokar has also worked at Bristol Myers Squibb in leadership development, as well as seven years in management consulting. He holds a PhD in Industrial and Organizational Psychology from Kansas State University. He earned his BA from the University of Detroit.




							Todd Abbott


					
							Mr. Todd Abbott is Executive Vice President - Global Sales of the Company. seasoned executive with more than 30 years of experience in the computing, networking, and business communications industries, Todd Abbott is a customer-focused leader with a keen ability to develop go-to-market strategies, sales models, and channel programs and to drive an execution-focused culture. In his role as Mitel’s Executive Vice President of Global Sales, Todd oversees Mitel’s global sales operations, including cloud and enterprise sales and channel programs. Prior to joining Mitel, Todd was Chief Revenue Officer at Spireon, a private company focused on the vehicle telematics market. Todd has also held senior executive positions at several business communications companies, including leading the sales and marketing programs at Symbol Technologies, Seagate Technology, Avaya, and Sonus Networks. He also has significant start-up experience, as CEO of Tely Labs, focused on the cloud-based video conference market. Earlier in his career, Todd spent eight years at Cisco Systems where he assumed a series of progressively more senior positions around the world, including sales management responsibilities in New York, Sales Vice President in Singapore, and Group Vice President in Paris, and leading the service provider business in Europe, Middle East, and Asia. Todd began his career in 1982 at IBM Corporation




							Robert Agnes


					
							Mr. Robert D. Agnes is Executive Vice President and President - Enterprise Division of the Company. Prior to this role, Mr. Agnes was Executive Vice President and General Manager of Mitel’s Asia-Pacific Operations, focused on implementing the company’s strategy in this key geography. With more than 30 years in global telecommunications organizations, Mr. Agnes is a results-driven leader with deep experience successfully growing businesses. Mr. Agnes began his career as a software engineer with Hamilton Standard, a subsidiary of United Technologies. He moved to a sales engineer position with Tektronix, Inc., in 1985. For the next 21 years, he held various roles with Tektronix, including leading several key businesses. Among his leadership roles at Tektronix, Mr. Agnes was Vice President and General Manager of the company’s video business, Vice President and General Manager of Tektronix Berlin, head of Sales and Operations in the Pacific region, and Vice President of Strategic Initiatives. Prior to his career at Tektronix, Mr. Agnes was President of Asia-Pacific for Lectra S.A.; Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Marketing for X-Rite America, Inc.; Senior Vice President, Worldwide Marketing; and President of Asia-Pacific for PartMiner Worldwide, Inc. Mr. Agnes earned his Associate of Science in Electrical Engineering (ASEE) from Hartford State Technical College (Hartford, Connecticut), and a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science from the University of Connecticut School of Engineering. He also holds a Master of Business Administration (MBA) from George Fox University (Newburg, Oregon).




							Graham Bevington


					
							Mr. Graham Bevington has been re-designated as Executive Vice President - Business Development of Mitel Networks Corp., with effect from 04 April 2017. In this role, Mr. Bevington will have general management responsibility and accountability for Mitel's worldwide sales operations. He will work to co-ordinate and leverage opportunities across regions through global strategic accounts, and to establish a global network of distribution partners to drive Mitel's market presence. In addition, with a strategic vision to expand Mitel's historic strength in vertical markets, Mr. Bevington will introduce and implement a series of global vertical market sales programs. He will also play a lead role in assessing and evaluating potential merger and acquisition opportunities for the company. An industry veteran with more than 25 years of experience, Mr. Bevington has held a series of senior sales management positions at Mitel for more than 15 years. Under his leadership, Mitel has successfully entered and expanded its market presence in regions around the world. Prior to his current position, Mr. Bevington led Mitel's Europe, Middle East and Africa sales organization, which now holds the No. 1 market share position.




							Jon Brinton


					
							Mr. Jon D. Brinton serves as Executive Vice President, President - Mitel Cloud Division of Mitel Networks Corp. Mr. Brinton joined the Corporation in 1999 through the acquisition of his own corporation, Network Services Agency, Inc. by Inter-Tel Technologies, Inc. (now known as Mitel Technologies, Inc.). Through the years, Mr. Brinton has held various positions within the Corporation including: General Manager, Mitel Networks Solutions, Vice President of Networks Services, and President of Mitel NetSolutions, Inc. Mr. Brinton holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Grand Canyon University.




							Rajib Das


					
							Mr. Rajib Das is Senior Vice President - Global Service Delivery of the Company. Mr. Das is Senior Vice President of Global Service Delivery, responsible for the Professional Services, Support Services and Field Operations teams that comprise Mitel’s Global Services organization. Most recently, he was Vice President of Mitel Global Cloud Operations leading the high-growth cloud operations team across multiple regions. Rajib brings to Mitel more than two decades of industry experience across cloud and managed services, product support and implementation services, and leading large and culturally diverse global service delivery organizations for multinational companies. He joined Mitel in 2016 from Hewlett Packard, where as Senior Director, Cloud Services, he played a key role in the outsourcing of the cloud services delivery function from Avaya to HP. Prior to HP, Rajib was with Avaya for more than a decade, driving initiatives centered on service delivery, integration and quality improvements. Rajib has rich experience in managing large service delivery organizations across the globe, including in India, China, Argentina, North America and EMEA. In addition, he worked at Oracle, Philips, and Tata Steel in India in a variety of product support and finance roles. Rajib completed the Executive Program in Business Management from the Indian Institute of Management (Kolkata, India), and holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from St. Xavier’s College (Kolkata, India). He also completed the Company Secretary program from the Institute of Company Secretaries of India; the Cost Accountant program from the Institute of Cost and Works Accountants of India; and the Chartered Accountant program from the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Rajib has a variety of industry certifications, including ITIL Expert, Certified Support Manager and Six Sigma.




							Jamshid Rezaei


					
							Mr. Jamshid Rezaei is Chief Information Officer of the Company. As Chief Information Officer, Jamshid is responsible for driving Mitel’s information technology (IT) initiatives, as well as developing and executing Mitel’s own digital transformation efforts. A passionate driver of change and innovation, Jamshid has been at the forefront of digital technology implementation in business communications for nearly two decades. He joined Mitel in February 2014 following the acquisition of Aastra Technologies, where he held various leadership roles in IT and business operations. As Aastra’s Vice President of IT, Jamshid was instrumental in leading the strategic application of IT to support the company’s successful rise from start-up to a global player in the communications space. He oversaw Aastra’s IT initiatives throughout 14 years of growth, both organically and through acquisitions, including carrying out all IT M&A due diligence, integration and migration activities related to Aastra’s acquisitions of the Ascom PBX System division, the EADS Enterprise Telephony business, the DeTeWe Telecommunications Systems business, and the Ericsson PBX division. In 2012, he assumed the role of Vice President of Global Operations for Aastra and spearheaded the introduction of supply chain management simplifications, including process improvements in inventory and order management. He also initiated warehouse and contract manufacturing consolidation programs to increase cost savings and improve operational efficiencies prior to Aastra’s acquisition by Mitel. In 2017, Jamshid was named an IDG Computerworld Premier 100 Technology Leader, recognized for his exceptional leadership and innovative approach to business. Jamshid holds an Information Technology Diploma from CDI College of Business and Technology (Toronto, Canada) and is a member of the CIO Association of Canada.




							Wesley Durow


					
							Mr. Wesley Durow serves as Chief Marketing Officer of Mitel Networks Corp., with effect from 9 April 2015. Mr. Durow joined us in April 2015 as Chief Marketing Officer as a 20-year technology industry veteran with deep domain knowledge in cloud-based, real-time communications for both enterprises and service providers. Prior to joining Mitel, Mr. Durow was Vice President of Global Marketing for Sonus Networks, Inc. Prior to that Mr. Durow was Chief Marketing Officer at Fonality, Inc. and served as Vice President and General Manager of Global Marketing for Avaya, Inc. Mr. Durow spent more than a decade with Nortel in a number of leadership roles, including end-to-end marketing, go-to-market, and strategic planning for their enterprise business. Mr. Durow began his career in advertising, helping to build brands for leading companies including American Airlines, Pace Picante Sauce, NationsBank (now Bank of America), The Dial Corporation and GTE (now Verizon). Mr. Durow earned his Master’s degree in Advertising from Northwestern University and his Bachelor’s degree in Marketing from the University of Northern Iowa.




							Peter Charbonneau


					
							Mr. Peter D. Charbonneau serves as Lead Independent Director of Mitel Networks Corp. He is an independent corporate director of several companies. Mr. Charbonneau served as a General Partner at Skypoint Capital Corporation, an early-stage technology venture capital firm, a position he held from January 2001 to March 2015. From June 2000 to December 2000, Mr. Charbonneau was an Executive Vice President of March Networks Corporation. Mr. Charbonneau was appointed to our board of directors on February 16, 2001. Prior to his involvement with March Networks Corporation, Mr. Charbonneau spent 13 years at Newbridge Networks Corporation acting in numerous capacities including as Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, President and Chief Operating Officer and Vice Chairman. He also served as a member of Newbridge Networks Corporation’s board of directors between 1996 and 2000. Mr. Charbonneau currently serves on the board of directors of Teradici Corporation. Mr. Charbonneau holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Ottawa and an MBA from University of Western Ontario. He has been a member of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Ontario (and its predecessor, the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ontario) since 1979 and in June 2003 was elected by the Institute as a Fellow of the Institute in recognition of outstanding career achievements and leadership contributions to the community and to the profession. Mr. Charbonneau also holds the ICD.D certification, having completed the Directors’ Education Program of the Institute of Corporate Directors of Canada.




							Benjamin Ball


					
							Mr. Benjamin H. Ball serves as an Independent Director of Mitel Networks Corp. He is a founding partner of Francisco Partners Management, LLC, which is a leading private equity firm focused exclusively on investing in the information technology market. Mr. Ball focuses primarily on investments in the communications and hardware systems sectors. Mr. Ball was appointed to our board of directors on October 23, 2007. He also serves on the board of directors of Cross Match Technologies, Inc., Source Photonics, Inc., WatchGuard Technologies, Inc., Metaswitch Networks, Inc. and WebTrends, Inc. Prior to founding Francisco Partners, Mr. Ball was a Vice President with TA Associates where he led private equity investments in the software, semiconductor and communications segments. Earlier in his career, Mr. Ball worked for AEA Investors, a New York-based private equity firm, and also for the consulting firm of Bain & Company. Mr. Ball holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Harvard College and an MBA from Stanford Graduate School of Business.




							Martha Bejar


					
							Ms. Martha Helena Bejar is an Independent Director of the Company. Ms. Bejar is co-Founder of Red Bison Advisory Group, LLC established in January 2014. Red Bison is a company that identifies opportunities with proven enterprises in China, the Middle East, and the United States, and creates dynamic partnerships focused in two sectors; natural resources, and information, communication, technology (ICT). Ms. Bejar serves on the board of directors at CenturyLink Inc., Humm Kombucha LLC, and UniumWiFi Inc. Ms. Bejar is a member of the President’s Advisory Group at EastWest Institute in New York, and a Board rustee at Rainiers Scholars in Seattle. Most recently, Ms. Bejar served on the Board of Polycom, Inc. from October 013 to September 2016 when the company was sold. Until December 2015, Ms. Bejar held the position of CEO and Director of FlowMobile. Prior to joining Flow Mobile, Ms. Bejar was Chairperson/CEO of Wipro Infocrossing Cloud Computing Services (A Wipro Company). Prior to Wipro, Ms. Bejar was Corporate Vice President for Communications at Microsoft responsible for service and content providers, addressing the specific needs of wireline and wireless telecommunications companies, cable operators, hosting service providers, and media and entertainment companies. Before Microsoft, Ms. Bejar held various executive positions at Nortel Networks reporting to the CEO, including president of the Caribbean and Latin America (CALA) region. Ms. Bejar is the recipient of numerous industry awards including; top fifty Hispanic women in the United States by Hispanic Inc. Business Magazine, and the Hispanic Business Media’s award for the 2008 Woman of the Year and the Visionary Award from LISTA (Latinos in Information Sciences and Technology Association). Ms. Bejar received an Advanced Management Program degree from Harvard University Business School.




							John McHugh


					
							Mr. John P. McHugh serves as an Independent Director of Mitel Networks Corp. Mr. McHugh is an enterprise networking industry veteran with over 30 years of related experience. Since July 2013, Mr. McHugh has been the Senior Vice President of NETGEAR Inc., a company providing networking, storage and media solutions to consumers, small businesses and service providers. Mr. McHugh is the General Manager of the Commercial Business Unit where he is responsible for SMB networking product marketing, research and development, strategic planning and business development. Prior to this role, Mr. McHugh was the Chief Marketing Officer for Brocade Communications Systems, Inc., a public company which offers data center networking and end-to-end enterprise and service provider networking solutions. Previously, Mr. McHugh was Vice President and General Manager of Nortel Networks Limited’s Enterprise Network Solutions Business Unit and oversaw the restructuring and divestiture of that organization from Nortel. He also served briefly as a consultative executive at Silver Lake Management, L.L.C. where he worked on technology and company evaluations. Mr. McHugh also had a 26-year career at Hewlett-Packard Co., where he held a variety of executive management positions including Vice President and Worldwide General Manager of HP ProCurve Networking. Mr. McHugh was responsible for global operations, sales, channels, marketing, research and development, strategic planning and business development. Mr. McHugh holds a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology.




							Sudhakar Ramakrishna


					
							Mr. Sudhakar Ramakrishna serves as Independent Director of Mitel Networks Corporation. He is Chief Executive Officer for Pulse Secure LLC, where he has overseen all aspects of business strategy and execution since July 2015. Mr. Ramakrishna brings nearly 25 years of experience across the cloud, mobility, networking, security and collaboration markets. Prior to joining Pulse Secure, Mr. Ramakrishna served as the Senior Vice President and General Manager for the Enterprise and Service Provider Division of Citrix where he had profit and loss responsibility for approximately a $2.5 billion portfolio of virtualization, cloud networking, mobile platforms and cloud services solutions. Prior to Citrix, he was at Polycom and was President of Products and Services. Mr. Ramakrishna has also held senior leadership roles at Motorola, 3COM and US Robotics. Mr. Ramakrishna is also a member of the board of directors at Tely Labs. Mr. Ramakrishna earned his Master’s degree in Computer Science from Kansas State, and an MBA from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management.




							David Williams


					
							Mr. David M. (Dave) Williams serves as Independent Director of Mitel Networks Corp. Mr. Williams is an independent corporate director of several Canadian companies. Mr. Williams served as Interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Shoppers Drug Mart Corporation from February 2011 to November 2011. Prior to this, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Ontario Workplace Safety and Insurance Board and held senior executive and finance roles with George Weston Limited and Loblaw Companies Limited, including a term as Chief Financial Officer of Loblaw Companies Limited. Mr. Williams is a director of President’s Choice Bank, Mattamy Homes Corporation and Morrison Lamothe Inc. Mr. Williams is a graduate of the ICD Corporate Governance College and is a member of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Ontario.




							Michael McCarthy














					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Terence Matthews

236,200




							Richard McBee

4,755,950




							Steven Spooner

2,486,140




							Thomas Lokar

1,278,450




							Todd Abbott

--




							Robert Agnes

--




							Graham Bevington

1,721,280




							Jon Brinton

1,087,090




							Rajib Das

--




							Jamshid Rezaei

--




							Wesley Durow

--




							Peter Charbonneau

190,200




							Benjamin Ball

176,200




							Martha Bejar

--




							John McHugh

181,200




							Sudhakar Ramakrishna

176,200




							David Williams

171,200




							Michael McCarthy

--



As Of 
30 Dec 2016





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Terence Matthews

0
0




							Richard McBee

0
0




							Steven Spooner

0
0




							Thomas Lokar

0
0




							Todd Abbott

0
0




							Robert Agnes

0
0




							Graham Bevington

0
0




							Jon Brinton

0
0




							Rajib Das

0
0




							Jamshid Rezaei

0
0




							Wesley Durow

0
0




							Peter Charbonneau

0
0




							Benjamin Ball

0
0




							Martha Bejar

0
0




							John McHugh

0
0




							Sudhakar Ramakrishna

0
0




							David Williams

0
0




							Michael McCarthy

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


McBee (Richard D)
80,000
$5.16


McBee (Richard D)
80,000
$7.26


McBee (Richard D)
55,000
$5.16


McBee (Richard D)
55,000
$7.07


Williams (David Michael)
10,000
$7.51


Hiscock (Gregory James)
1,750
$7.34


Hiscock (Gregory James)
600
$7.35


Hiscock (Gregory James)
1,400
$7.34


Hiscock (Gregory James)
3,750
$3.80


Matthews (Terence Hadley)
971,900
$7.08


Kanu (Mahawa Vanessa)
250
$0.00


Kanu (Mahawa Vanessa)
127
$6.59


Durow, Wesley Dean
1,334
$6.77


Matthews (Terence Hadley)
2,245
$6.60


Durow, Wesley Dean
5,000
$0.00


McHugh (John P)
3,207
$0.00


BEJAR MARTHA HELENA
429
$0.00


Matthews (Terence Hadley)
5,012
$0.00


Bellomo (John Anthony)
995
$6.95


McCarthy (Michael William)
1,103
$6.95


Agnes (Robert Dale)
5,102
$6.95


Lokar (Thomas Gerald)
6,413
$6.95


McBee (Richard D)
43,025
$6.95


Williams (David Michael)
15,000
$6.90


Bevington (Graham G)
8,872
$6.95




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologySoftware





















Duro Wesley Twin over Futon Bunk Bed - Silver - Bunk Beds & Loft Beds at Hayneedle




































Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.






Rooms
Styles
Ideas
Free Shipping Over $49
Call Us:
						1.866.530.4155
			 			
Guest # 1-972-308-021




















 in 







 Favorites











 Account













0


My Cart
Your cart is currently empty.Sign in to see items you might have added previously.








Qty: 



View all items in my cart


Checkout










Furniture


Outdoor


Decor


Baby & Kids


Bed & Bath


Kitchen & Dining


Lighting


Pets


Home Improvement


Seasonal Shop


More ...


Sale



















Outdoor Sale & Clearance

Cut-a-Rug Sale

Style Spotlight: Farmhouse

Nursery & Kids Furniture Sale




Hayneedle

Baby & Kids

Kids Furniture


Bunk Beds & Loft Beds



Item # SBP011











Full Screen








































Duro Wesley Twin over Futon Bunk Bed - Silver
by  Duro


$419.99

$28698


32% OFF




























13 Reviews

6 Questions Answered























Add To Cart

























FREE Shipping
arrives by Aug 07





														Upgrade to get it sooner
													









Earn 3% cash back in My Rewards












Product Overview

Specifications


Delivery




Hayneedle exclusive
Upper bunk&colon; 75L x 39W inches
Lower bunk&colon; 75L x 54W inches
Overall dimensions&colon; 78&period;75L x 42W x 65&period;5H inches
Durable metal tube construction in modern silver
Futon converts to full-size bed for sleeping
Safety guard rails and simple built-in ladder
Top bunk weight capacity is 300 lbs&period;
Futon weight capacity is 400 lbs&period;
Mattress for top bunk should not exceed 7 inches deep


More Product Info




								Dimensions
							

								78.75L x 42W x 65.5H inches
							

								Material
							

								Metal
							

								Bed Material
							

								Metal
							

								Bed Size
							

								Twin Over Full
							
More Specs







Similar Bunk Beds & Loft Beds
Shop All Bunk Beds & Loft Beds








49

$274.98








3

$1,599.00








89

$149.00








45

$558.99








3

$299.00








3

$299.00








3

$1,599.00








57

$169.00








11

$421.99








27

$260.47








2

$299.00








2

$599.00









Recommended Accessories








1

$70.50








1

$70.50








4

$152.99








4

$168.29








2

$132.76








1

$177.46








0

$53.30








0

$152.94












Product Information




Overview

Hayneedle exclusive
Upper bunk&colon; 75L x 39W inches
Lower bunk&colon; 75L x 54W inches
Overall dimensions&colon; 78&period;75L x 42W x 65&period;5H inches
Durable metal tube construction in modern silver
Futon converts to full-size bed for sleeping
Safety guard rails and simple built-in ladder
Top bunk weight capacity is 300 lbs&period;
Futon weight capacity is 400 lbs&period;
Mattress for top bunk should not exceed 7 inches deep




What's Included

Futon bunk bed




What's Not Included

Mattress
Futon mattress
Bedding




Description
Research has shown that using the bed for activities other than sleep cuts down on the quality of rest we get - and as parents, you know quality rest is a must-have for busy kids. That's why the Duro Wesley Twin over Futon Bunk Bed - Silver is such a perfect solution for today's little ones. A roomy futon in the lower bunk area gives kids a place to read, do homework, and hang out with friends, so they can devote the upper twin bed entirely to night's of sound sleep. If the friends stay the night, too, then all you have to do is unfold the futon sofa into a full-size bed and hope they'll get some sleep - once the chatting subsides.    This twin-over-futon bunk bed is crafted with super-durable metal tubing finished in a gleaming silver shade. An included built-in ladder attaches to the side, safely out of walkways and securely situated for late-night and early-morning climbing. Open-design guard rails offer as much safety as style, as do rounded edges throughout. Top it all off with bright, bold pillows and blankets, and you'll create spaces so inviting, you might have to coax kids out of their rooms for quality family time - another important must-do. Mattresses and bedding are not included.





Bunk Bed Buying Guide







Technical Details



Specifications


									Dimensions
								

								
									78.75L x 42W x 65.5H inches
								
								



									Material
								

								
									Metal
								
								



									Bed Material
								

								
									Metal
								
								



									Bed Size
								

								
									Twin Over Full
								
								



									Brand
								

								
									Duro
								
								



									Feature
								

								
									Futon
								
								



									Gender
								

								
									Neutral
								
								



									Style
								

								
									Transitional
								
								



									Upholstery
								

								
									Metal
								
								



									Weight Capacity
								

								
									400 lbs Futon
								
									350 lbs Top Bunk
								
								



Assembly & Care


												Click Here to View Assembly Instructions
											








Reviews









REVIEW SNAPSHOT®by PowerReviewsDuro Wesley Twin over Futon Bunk Bed - Silver - BE1653SILV-KD SLT 3.9(based on 13 reviews)Ratings Distribution5 Stars (3)4 Stars (8)3 Stars (1)2 Stars (0)1 Stars (1)83% of respondents would recommend this to a friend.Ratings Distribution5 Stars (3)4 Stars (8)3 Stars (1)2 Stars (0)1 Stars (1)ProsComfortable (5)Good color scheme (4)ConsNo ConsBest UsesGuest bed (5)Primary bed (4)Reviewer Profile:Budget shopper (6), Midrange shopper (6)Primary use:Personal (11)Write a ReviewMost Liked Positive Review good after the initial hellour experiecne with this product started out as our own personal hell. it took about 6 hours to be completely done due to problems we encountered. [...]the directions were not always...Read complete reviewour experiecne with this product started out as our own personal hell. it took about 6 hours to be completely done due to problems we encountered. [...]the directions were not always clear.  some of the pieces had to be oriented based on holes on certain sides of the piece. the directions don't mention this and the only way to realize it is to either get farther along and see the mistake or try to find the tiny dot on the picture of that step.  each step would give you a summary of the parts needed, but, frequently did not include half of the work to be done on that page. based on the directions, the ladder must be on the right side.[...]we got past this by reversing the futon brackets so that the futon would open to the other side. then, we could turn the bed around and have the ladder on the left side. once it was completed we were very happy with the finished product. we've tested it with about 200 lbs on the top bunk without fear over safety. this replaced a unit that we didn't feel could safetly handle our 7 year old son anymore and it does that job. we just expected more quality control and service for a bed normally priced at [$]VSMost Liked Negative Review Futon is already failingThere is not a center support for the futon. Nor are there washers for the bolts included with the hardware to connect the 2 futon bottom parts. The futon brackets are not made...Read complete reviewThere is not a center support for the futon. Nor are there washers for the bolts included with the hardware to connect the 2 futon bottom parts. The futon brackets are not made well. The punched holes were off slightly and the bolts would not push through properly. Not what I paid for. Thought if I paid a bit more I'd get a better quality made item. I'd return it if I could, but it is together and the packaging is long gone.Reviewed by 13 customersSort byNewestOldestHighest ratingLowest ratingMost helpfulLeast helpfulClear all filtersDisplaying reviews 1-10Back to topPrevious | Next »Nov142016(1 of 1 customers found this review helpful) 4.0Great bed to grow with my daughter By Christyfrom undisclosedComments about Duro Wesley Twin over Futon Bunk Bed - Silver - BE1653SILV-KD SLT:This is for my 10 year old daughter.  She LOVES it- it gives space to hang out and read, etc. and still have a separate sleeping space.  Silver modern design can grow up with her.  Wasn't excessively hard to put together.  Downsides:  wish the ladder could move, or was at least against the wall rather than the front of the couch/bed.  And it shakes a lot.  Seems sturdy, but it's irritating when there's more than one person on the couch/bed.(1 of 1 customers found this review helpful)Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this reviewMar152015(4 of 4 customers found this review helpful) 4.0duro wesley twin over futon By Dianafrom OMAHA,NEAbout Me Budget ShopperComments about Duro Wesley Twin over Futon Bunk Bed - Silver - BE1653SILV-KD SLT:I love this bed. I bought this bed for my 2 daughters ages 13 & 18. The bed is sturdy and stylish. It was a little difficult to build in the beginning but once we finished the first step everything else was a breeze. I highly recommend this bed. Also, customer service at hayneedle was great. My bed arrived promptly and undamaged, no complains from me. Thus was my first time buying from hayneedle but I will definitely be buying from them again.Primary use:PersonalBottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend(4 of 4 customers found this review helpful)Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this reviewApr62014(3 of 3 customers found this review helpful) 5.0great bed for a spare room! By icemomfrom new yorkAbout Me Midrange ShopperProsComfortableConsBest UsesGuest BedComments about Duro Wesley Twin over Futon Bunk Bed - Silver - BE1653SILV-KD SLT:I bought this bed for a spare room and I love it. I bought a good quality futon mattress for it, and when a long term guest stayed in it she said it was plenty comfortable. I like that this is versatile, you could have up to three people sleeping in this small space if needed, yet, it doesn't take up much space.Primary use:PersonalBottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend(3 of 3 customers found this review helpful)Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this reviewAug162013(1 of 2 customers found this review helpful) 1.0Futon is already failing By Royfrom SPARTA,MIAbout Me Midrange ShopperProsConsFlimsyBest UsesComments about Duro Wesley Twin over Futon Bunk Bed - Silver - BE1653SILV-KD SLT:There is not a center support for the futon. Nor are there washers for the bolts included with the hardware to connect the 2 futon bottom parts. The futon brackets are not made well. The punched holes were off slightly and the bolts would not push through properly. Not what I paid for. Thought if I paid a bit more I'd get a better quality made item. I'd return it if I could, but it is together and the packaging is long gone.Primary use:PersonalBottom Line No, I would not recommend this to a friend(1 of 2 customers found this review helpful)Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this reviewJun232013(3 of 3 customers found this review helpful) 4.0Very sturdy easily converts By Marlene Afrom PHILADELPHIA,PAAbout Me Budget ShopperProsComfortableEasy to ChangeConsBest UsesDorm RoomGuest BedPrimary BedComments about Duro Wesley Twin over Futon Bunk Bed - Silver - BE1653SILV-KD SLT:Very sturdy frame easily converts from bed to couch . My grandchildren love it.Primary use:PersonalBottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend(3 of 3 customers found this review helpful)Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this reviewFeb182013(1 of 2 customers found this review helpful) 5.0Great Bed! By Mouse in Virginiafrom Chesapeake VirginiaAbout Me Midrange ShopperProsComfortableGood Color SchemeVery sturdyConsBest UsesGuest BedComments about Duro Wesley Twin over Futon Bunk Bed - Silver - BE1653SILV-KD SLT:This is awesome! I really needed something to replace my old futon frame, yet needed another bed for my granddaughters. I was going to just get a bunkbed, but this works perfectly! I can leave it set up as a couch until the little one needs a bed. Its VERY sturdy, wasn't too hard to put together and will be easy and versatile to match as its metal and not wood. The only drawback is the ladder is only set up to go on the right side as you look at it, and we needed it on the opposite end. My husband just drilled some holes and it was done. HIGHLY RECOMMEND this item.Primary use:PersonalBottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend(1 of 2 customers found this review helpful)Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this reviewAug272012(7 of 9 customers found this review helpful) 4.0Rough Start But Fine in the End. By cjcv65from Sacramanto, CAAbout Me Midrange ShopperProsComfortableGood Color SchemeConsBest UsesComments about Duro Wesley Twin over Futon Bunk Bed - Silver - BE1653SILV-KD SLT:I ordered this bed for my thirteen year old daughter because her room is only 10x10 and she needed a sitting area. The description said that the upper bunk could support up to 300 pounds so I thought it would be a good choice for an older child. When the bed was delivered, it had been damaged in transit and had parts falling out of the package so I refused the shipment. Hayneedle was good about getting it reshipped quickly however it still took another week for the next delivery. This second delivery was damaged so badly I told them not to even take it off the truck. The box had torn open completely and bed parts were scattered about. Once again, Hayneedle was good about getting it reordered and shipped but it took another week for the shipment to arrive. This time, the package was intact so I accepted the delivery. 	The box is heavy so expect to have some help moving it around. It took me about 3 hours to assemble the bed. Very few of the parts were actually labeled with the letters described in the instructions but I managed to figure it out anyway. I would suggest looking ahead in the instructions if not completely sure about a particular assembly. Usually that cleared up any ambiguity. I didn't have any trouble with stripped screw holes in the frame although I did get one bad nut that would not fit the bolt that I needed it to. I found a replacement in the garage so that was not a big deal. 	The futon opens and closes easily and the top bunk is almost 13 inches deep so it can hold a thick twin mattress with enough rail left over to keep anyone from rolling out. The bed looks really nice with a good silver color finish. 	I did have some issues with this bed. It does wobble, especially with a larger child up top. It doesn't feel like it will fall apart or anything like that but it wobbles more than I expected it to. I fixed this by bolting 3 six inch L-brackets from the upper mattress frame to the wall studs on the back side of the bed. It's rock solid now. I also needed the ladder on the left side of the bed instead of the right side. I couldn't reverse the futon brackets and turn the bed around like another reviewer had suggested because I needed the ladder in the front on the left side. Instead, I switched the top end rails so that the one the ladder bolts to is now on the left and I drilled two holes in the lower left panel, similar to the ones that were drilled for the right side ladder panel and used large machine screws in them to hold the bottom of the ladder in place. This worked very well and is also solid. Another issue is that because of the rail on the end of the bed, it is very difficult to get in and out of the bed from the top rung of the ladder. It is doable but is not as easy as it should be. I can't take the rail out because the top of the ladder bolts to it. I'm not sure how I'm going to solve that yet. In addition, the ladder rungs are hard on the feet. I got some thick pipe insulation and put that over the ladder and top rail to make things a little easier. 	Overall, I am happy with this bed and would recommend it.Primary use:PersonalBottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend(7 of 9 customers found this review helpful)Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this reviewJun252012(2 of 6 customers found this review helpful) 3.0Not as sturdy as it looks By Karenfrom ELKINS PARK,PAAbout Me Midrange ShopperProsFuton converts easilyConsBed shakes alotBest UsesComments about Duro Wesley Twin over Futon Bunk Bed - Silver - BE1653SILV-KD SLT:Bed looks a lot bigger (bulkier) in room than expected. It looks like it would be very solid however, bed is very shaky.Nice looking bed just like picture. Futon converts very easily.Primary use:PersonalBottom Line No, I would not recommend this to a friend(2 of 6 customers found this review helpful)Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this reviewMar72012(6 of 6 customers found this review helpful) 5.0"Great buy" By Double Afrom Sandusky, OHAbout Me Budget ShopperProsGreat for kidsConsBest UsesPrimary BedComments about Duro Wesley Twin over Futon Bunk Bed - Silver - BE1653SILV-KD SLT:My daughter loves her new bed!  Its great for her sleepovers.Primary use:PersonalBottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend(6 of 6 customers found this review helpful)Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this reviewJan312012(5 of 5 customers found this review helpful) 4.0Good Product By HappyCamperfrom Baltimore, MDAbout Me Budget ShopperProsComfortableExcellent weight capacityGood Color SchemeSturdyConsIncomplete instructionsBest UsesChild's bedGuest BedPrimary BedComments about Duro Wesley Twin over Futon Bunk Bed - Silver - BE1653SILV-KD SLT:We love the product. Our 10 year old loves the versitility and the comfort. Good quality material. Some of the holes did not line up when assembling. No instructions on how to change the direction the ladder, therefore, took up a lot of space to accomodate the placement of the ladder.  Would have given it a 5star if we could have made that adjustment. I do like that the ladder is permanently attached.Primary use:PersonalBottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend(5 of 5 customers found this review helpful)Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this reviewDisplaying reviews 1-10Back to topPrevious | Next »










Sponsored Links

Bunk Beds & Loft Beds
















 
