





DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. | Products











About Us
In the News Careers
Contact Us


 





For Patients
For Healthcare Professionals
Products









 




Products






Products





Welcome to DUSA » Products » Products

LEVULAN KERASTICKLevulan® Kerastick® (aminolevulinic acid HCl) for Topical Solution, 20% plus blue light illumination using the BLU-U® Blue Light Photodynamic Therapy Illuminator is indicated for the treatment of minimally to moderately thick actinic keratoses of the face or scalp. 
BLU-U®In addition to its actinic keratoses indication (see above), BLU-U Blue Light Photodynamic Therapy is also a non-drug therapy for moderate acne. The BLU-U is a unique, specially designed blue light that kills the P. acnes bacteria in your skin. BLU-U acne treatments are gentle and typically well tolerated by patients. 






WEB 1366 Rev M

 





For Patients
For Healthcare Professionals
Products
About Us
In the News
Contact Us

Reimbursement / Insurance Support
Careers
Legal Notice/Privacy Policy

© 2017. DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.®, a Sun Pharma company. All Rights Reserved.








  DU5 Stock Quote - Dusa Pharmaceuticals Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Dusa Pharmaceuticals Inc   DU5:GR      Ticker Delisted     EUR             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (EUR)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. provides pharmaceutical products. The Company offers therapy illuminator and actinic keratoses products. DUSA Pharmaceuticals operates in the State of Massachusetts.    Address  25 Upton DriveWilmington, MA 01887United States   Phone  1-978-657-7500   Website   www.dusapharma.com     Executives Board Members    William F O'Dell  Exec VP:Sales & Marketing    Stuart L Marcus  VP:Scientific Affairs    Mark C Carota  VP:Operations    Scott L Lundahl  VP:Intellectual Property     Show More         

DUSA Pharmaceuticals Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:18 AM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of DUSA Pharmaceuticals Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a vertically integrated dermatology company, develops and markets Levulan photodynamic therapy (PDT) and other products for common skin conditions primarily in the United States, Canada, and Korea. The company’s marketed products include Levulan Kerastick 20% Topical Solution with PDT, as well as the BLU-U brand light source for the treatment of non-hyperkeratotic actinic keratoses of the face or scalp. It also markets the BLU-U without Levulan PDT for the treatment of moderate inflammatory acne vulgaris and general dermatological conditions. The company was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Wilmington, Massachusetts. As of December 19, 2012, DUSA Pharmaceut...
DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a vertically integrated dermatology company, develops and markets Levulan photodynamic therapy (PDT) and other products for common skin conditions primarily in the United States, Canada, and Korea. The company’s marketed products include Levulan Kerastick 20% Topical Solution with PDT, as well as the BLU-U brand light source for the treatment of non-hyperkeratotic actinic keratoses of the face or scalp. It also markets the BLU-U without Levulan PDT for the treatment of moderate inflammatory acne vulgaris and general dermatological conditions. The company was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Wilmington, Massachusetts. As of December 19, 2012, DUSA Pharmaceuticals Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Caraco Pharmaceutical Laboratories Ltd.
Detailed Description


25 Upton DriveWilmington, MA 01887United StatesFounded in 199199 Employees



Phone: 978-657-7500

Fax: 978-657-9193

www.dusapharma.com







Key Executives for DUSA Pharmaceuticals Inc.




Mr. Mark C. Carota


      	Vice President of Operations
      


Age: 62
        







Dr. Stuart L. Marcus M.D., Ph.D.


      	Chief Medical Officer and Vice President of Scientific Affairs
      


Age: 70
        







Mr. Michael J. Todisco CPA


      	Vice President and Controller
      


Age: 52
        







Mr. Scott L. Lundahl


      	Vice President of Intellectual Property & Regulatory Affairs
      


Age: 58
        







Mr. David Page


      	Director of Southeastern Region Sales
      


Age: 57
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 20n Labs, Inc. United States 23andMe, Inc. United States 2C Tech Corporation, Inc. United States 3-V Biosciences, Inc. United States 3Bar Biologics Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact DUSA Pharmaceuticals Inc., please visit www.dusapharma.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close







































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





LEVULAN KERASTICK (DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.): FDA Package Insert

 







DrugInserts.com
Prescription Medications



    


LEVULAN KERASTICK: Package Insert and Label InformationBy DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. | Last revised: 2 May 2013
LEVULAN KERASTICK — aminolevulinic acid hydrochlorideDUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Step 1Step 2Step 3Step 4KERASTICK7 OpenKERASTICK7 Close HandlesKERASTICK7 ClosedStep 3Step 4Physicians SampleSample LabelDusa — Sun LogoPackage LabelCarton LabelInside of Carton
    1 INDICATIONS AND USAGEThe LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution plus blue light illumination using the BLU-U Blue Light Photodynamic Therapy (PDT) Illuminator is indicated for the treatment of minimally to moderately thick actinic keratoses of the face or scalp.
2 DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATION



LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution 20% is intended for direct application to individual lesions diagnosed as actinic keratoses and not to perilesional skin. This product is not intended for application by patients or unqualified medical personnel. Application should involve either scalp or face lesions, but not both simultaneously. The recommended treatment frequency is: one application of the LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution and one dose of illumination per treatment site per 8-week treatment session. Each individual LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution should be used for only one patient. Photodynamic therapy for actinic keratoses with LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution is a two stage process involving a) application of the product to the target lesions with LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution, followed 14 to 18 hours later by b) illumination with blue light using the BLU-U Blue Light Photodynamic Therapy Illuminator. The second visit, for illumination, must take place in the 14-18 hour window following application. Patients in clinical trials usually received application in the late afternoon, with illumination the following morning.
  TABLE 1 Schedule for LEVULAN KERASTICK and Blue Light Administration        LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution Application  Time Window for Blue Light Illumination      6 am 8 pm to Midnight   7 am 9 pm to 1 am   8 am 10 pm to 2 am   9 am 11 pm to 3 am   10 am Midnight to 4 am   11 am 1 am to 5 am   12 pm 2 am to 6 am   1 pm 3 am to 7 am   2 pm 4 am to 8 am   3 pm 5 am to 9 am   4 pm 6 am to 10 am   5 pm 7 am to 11 am   6 pm 8 am to Noon   7 pm 9 am to 1 pm   8 pm 10 am to 2 pm   9 pm 11 am to 3 pm   10 pm Noon to 4 pm   Treated lesions that have not completely resolved after 8 weeks may be treated a second time with LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution Photodynamic Therapy.
 Step A — LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution Application: Actinic keratoses 
 Preparation of lesions 
Actinic keratoses targeted for treatment should be clean and dry prior to application of LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution.
 Preparation of LEVULAN KERASTICK 
LEVULAN KERASTICK can be prepared either manually, or using the optional Kerastick Krusher.  These methods are illustrated below.
        Manual Preparation:       
    
     1.                                         Hold the LEVULAN KERASTICK so that the applicator cap is pointing up.     2.                                         Crush the bottom ampule containing the solution vehicle by applying finger pressure to Position A on the cardboard sleeve.        
    
     3.                                         Crush the top ampule containing the ALA HCl powder by applying finger pressure to Position B on the cardboard sleeve. To ensure both ampules are crushed continue crushing the applicator downward, applying finger pressure to Position A.    4.                                         Holding the LEVULAN KERASTICK between the thumb and forefinger, point the applicator cap away from the face, shake the LEVULAN KERASTICK gently for at least 30 Seconds to completely dissolve the drug powder in the solution vehicle. Do not press on the end cap while shaking.            Optional Kerastick Krusher Preparation:         (click image for full-size original) 
       (click image for full-size original)     (click image for full-size original) 
     1.      Open the Kerastick Krusher and properly position one LEVULAN KERASTICK into the Krusher making sure to orient the LEVULAN KERASTICK label “A” with the Krusher “A”. Firmly seat LEVULAN KERASTICK against the closed end of the Krusher (cap should be at open end).
       2.      Once positioned properly, close and firmly press the top and bottom handles together until the top and bottom handles touch one another along their length. A distinct crushing sound is made during this process. Ensure Krusher handles meet.
       
    
     3.                                         Remove the LEVULAN KERASTICK from the Krusher.     4.                                         Holding the LEVULAN KERASTICK between the thumb and forefinger, point the applicator cap away from the face, shake the LEVULAN KERASTICK gently for at least 30 Seconds to completely dissolve the drug powder in the solution vehicle. Do not press on the end cap while shaking.     Application of solution 
Following solution admixture, remove the cap from the LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution. The dry applicator tip should be dabbed on a gauze pad until uniformly wet with solution.  Apply the solution directly to the target lesions by dabbing gently with the wet applicator tip. Enough solution should be applied to uniformly wet the lesion surface, including the edges without excess running or dripping. The effect of LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution on ocular tissues is unknown. LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution should not be applied to the periorbital area or allowed to contact ocular or mucosal surfaces. Once the initial application has dried, apply again in the same manner. The LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution must be used immediately following preparation (dissolution) due to the instability of the activated product. If the solution application is not completed within 2 hours of activation, the applicator should be discarded and a new LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution used.
Photosensitization of the treated lesions will take place over the next 14-18 hours. The actinic keratoses should not be washed during this time. The patient should be advised to wear a wide-brimmed hat or other protective apparel to shade the treated actinic keratoses from sunlight or other bright light sources until BLU-U treatment. The patient should be advised to reduce light exposure if the sensations of stinging and/or burning are experienced.
If for any reason the patient cannot be given BLU-U treatment during the prescribed time after LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution application, he or she may nonetheless experience sensations of stinging and/or burning if the photosensitized actinic keratoses are exposed to sunlight or prolonged or intense light at that time. The patient should be advised to wear a wide-brimmed hat or other protective apparel to shade the treated actinic keratoses from sunlight or other bright light sources until at least 40 hours after the application of LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution. The patient should be advised to reduce light exposure if the sensations of stinging and/or burning are experienced.
 Step B — Administration of BLU-U Treatment 14 to 18 hours after application 
LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution is not intended for use with any device other than the BLU-U Blue Light Photodynamic Therapy Illuminator. Use of LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution without subsequent BLU-U illumination is not recommended.
At the visit for light illumination, the actinic keratoses to be treated should be gently rinsed with water and patted dry. Photoactivation of actinic keratoses treated with LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution is accomplished with BLU-U illumination from the BLU-U Blue Light Photodynamic Therapy Illuminator. A 1000 second (16 minutes 40 seconds) exposure is required to provide a 10 J/cm2 light dose. During light treatment, both patients and medical personnel should be provided with blue blocking protective eyewear, as specified in the BLU-U Operating Instructions. Please refer to the BLU-U Operating Instructions for further information on conducting the light treatment. Patients should be advised that transient stinging and/or burning at the target lesion sites occurs during the period of light exposure.
If blue light treatment with the BLU-U Blue Light Photodynamic Therapy Illuminator is interrupted or stopped for any reason, it should not be restarted and the patient should be advised to protect the treated lesions from exposure to sunlight or prolonged or intense light for at least 40 hours after application of the LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution.
 For patients with facial lesions: 
 The BLU-U Blue Light Photodynamic Therapy Illuminator is positioned so that the base is slightly above the patient’s shoulder, parallel to the patient’s face.  The BLU-U is positioned around the patient’s head so the entire surface area to be treated lies between 2” and 4” from the BLU-U surface: a)                                The patient’s nose should be no closer than 2” from the surface;  b)                                The patient’s forehead and cheeks should be no further than 4” from the surface;  c)                                The sides of the patient’s face and the patient’s ears should be no closer than 2” from the BLU-U surface.   A Chin Rest, available from DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc., may be used to provide support for the patient’s head during treatment.
 For patients with scalp lesions: 
 The knobs on either side of the BLU-U are loosened and the BLU-U is rotated to a horizontal position.   The BLU-U is positioned around the patient’s head so the entire surface area to be treated lies between 2” and 4” from the BLU-U surface:  a)  The patient’s scalp should be no closer than 2” from the surface;  b)  The patient’s scalp should be no further than 4” from the surface;  c)  The sides of the patient’s face and the patient’s ears should be no closer than 2” from the BLU-U surface.   A Chin Rest, available from DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc., may be used to provide support for the patient’s head during treatment.
3 DOSAGE FORMS AND STRENGTHSSolution containing 20% aminolevulinic acid hydrochloride (ALA HCl) by weight in a plastic applicator device. 
4 CONTRAINDICATIONSThe LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution plus blue light illumination using the BLU-U Blue Light Photodynamic Therapy Illuminator is contraindicated in patients with cutaneous photosensitivity at wavelengths of 400-450 nm, porphyria or known allergies to porphyrins, and in patients with known sensitivity to any of the components of the LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution.
5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS 5.1 Photosensitivity During the time period between the application of LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution and exposure to activating light from the BLU-U Blue Light Photodynamic Therapy Illuminator, the treatment site will become photosensitive. After LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution application, patients should avoid exposure of the photosensitive treatment sites to sunlight or bright indoor light (e.g., examination lamps, operating room lamps, tanning beds, or lights at close proximity) during the period prior to blue light treatment. Exposure may result in a stinging and/or burning sensation and may cause erythema and/or edema of the lesions. Before exposure to sunlight, patients should, therefore, protect treated lesions from the sun by wearing a wide-brimmed hat or similar head covering of light-opaque material. Sunscreens will not protect against photosensitivity reactions caused by visible light. It has not been determined if perspiration can spread the LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution outside the treatment site to eye or surrounding skin.
Application of LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution to perilesional areas of photodamaged skin of the face or scalp may result in photosensitization. Upon exposure to activating light from the BLU-U Blue Light Photodynamic Therapy Illuminator, such photosensitized skin may produce a stinging and/or burning sensation and may become erythematous and/or edematous in a manner similar to that of actinic keratoses treated with LEVULAN KERASTICK Photodynamic Therapy. Because of the potential for skin to become photosensitized, the LEVULAN KERASTICK should be used by a qualified health professional to apply drug only to actinic keratoses and not perilesional skin.
If for any reason the patient cannot return for blue light treatment during the prescribed period after application of LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution (14 to 18 hours), the patient should call the doctor. The patient should also continue to avoid exposure of the photosensitized lesions to sunlight or prolonged or intense light for at least 40 hours. If stinging and/or burning is noted, exposure to light should be reduced.





Share this Drug Information

Facebook

Stumble!
Tweet
Google +1

Pin

Print
Tell a Friend
More…

Also by this Manufacturer

Additional medications in the ‘Prescription Medications’ section by DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Or get DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. product information by RSS.

Related Searches
Within the ‘Prescription Medications’ section:

Brand names beginning with the letter ‘L’ (LEVULAN KERASTICK).
Medications with generic name beginning with the letter ‘A’ (Aminolevulinic Acid Hydrochloride).
Medication information from May 2013, newest first or May 2013, earliest first.

Clinical Trials
Use Trial Bulletin to search for clinical trials involving this product:

LEVULAN KERASTICK

FDA MedWatch

Sterile Drug Products by Cantrell Drug Company: Recall –  Lack of Sterility AssuranceTue, 25 Jul 2017. Administration of a drug product intended to be sterile that is not sterile could result in serious infections that may be life-threatening.La Bri’s Body Health Atomic and Xplode Capsules by EZ Weight Loss TX: Recall – Undeclared Drug IngredientTue, 25 Jul 2017. Sibutramine is known to increase blood pressure and/or pulse rate in some patients and may present a risk for patients with a history of coronary artery disease, congestive heart failure, arrhythmias, or stroke.

Trustworthy Health Information


This site complies with the  HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.

VetLabel.com
Our full Veterinary Products section for consumers and veterinary professionals is now available exclusively via VetLabel.com.
 









 









DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. | Delivering Solutions for Dermatology®











About Us
In the News
Careers
Contact Us


 




For Patients
For Healthcare Professionals
Products









 
















In the News
December 20, 2012
Caraco Pharmaceutical Laboratories Announces Successful Tender Offer To Acquire DUSA
December 5, 2012
Caraco Pharmaceutical Laboratories and DUSA Pharmaceuticals Announce Early Termination of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Waiting Period Relating to Tender Offer 
November 8, 2012
Sun Pharma to Acquire DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
November 5, 2012
DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to Host Third Quarter 2012 Corporate Highlights and Financial Results Webcast and Conference Call


Patients
Empower yourself with information about our innovative therapeutic options for Actinic Keratoses and Acne. Take a few moments to review our educational video to learn how you can achieve healthier skin as well. 
Take control of your skin's health 
 


Products
Our product portfolio includes innovative technology solutions aimed at treating Actinic Keratoses and Acne. 
Here’s a look at our product solutions for your skin care needs 
 
REIMBURSEMENT SUPPORT 
You can count on a DUSAdelivers team member to provide you with the support you need to effectively manage your reimbursement needs.
DUSAdelivers 

Healthcare Professionals
DUSA is committed to delivering quality dermatological treatments that improve the health of patients' skin. Click here to learn more about our innovative therapeutic treatments.

About DUSA
DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.® is an integrated dermatology pharmaceutical company committed to improving people's health and confidence through its quality dermatological treatments.Click here to learn more .

 
WEB 1401 Rev T




For Patients
For Healthcare Professionals
Products
About Us
In the News
Contact Us

Reimbursement / Insurance Support
Careers
Legal Notice/Privacy Policy

© 2017. DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.®, a Sun Pharma company. All Rights Reserved.













DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. | Delivering Solutions for Dermatology®











About Us
In the News
Careers
Contact Us


 




For Patients
For Healthcare Professionals
Products









 
















In the News
December 20, 2012
Caraco Pharmaceutical Laboratories Announces Successful Tender Offer To Acquire DUSA
December 5, 2012
Caraco Pharmaceutical Laboratories and DUSA Pharmaceuticals Announce Early Termination of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Waiting Period Relating to Tender Offer 
November 8, 2012
Sun Pharma to Acquire DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
November 5, 2012
DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to Host Third Quarter 2012 Corporate Highlights and Financial Results Webcast and Conference Call


Patients
Empower yourself with information about our innovative therapeutic options for Actinic Keratoses and Acne. Take a few moments to review our educational video to learn how you can achieve healthier skin as well. 
Take control of your skin's health 
 


Products
Our product portfolio includes innovative technology solutions aimed at treating Actinic Keratoses and Acne. 
Here’s a look at our product solutions for your skin care needs 
 
REIMBURSEMENT SUPPORT 
You can count on a DUSAdelivers team member to provide you with the support you need to effectively manage your reimbursement needs.
DUSAdelivers 

Healthcare Professionals
DUSA is committed to delivering quality dermatological treatments that improve the health of patients' skin. Click here to learn more about our innovative therapeutic treatments.

About DUSA
DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.® is an integrated dermatology pharmaceutical company committed to improving people's health and confidence through its quality dermatological treatments.Click here to learn more .

 
WEB 1401 Rev T




For Patients
For Healthcare Professionals
Products
About Us
In the News
Contact Us

Reimbursement / Insurance Support
Careers
Legal Notice/Privacy Policy

© 2017. DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.®, a Sun Pharma company. All Rights Reserved.










Dusa Pharmaceuticals Inc.                                                                                                - Wilmington                                        , MA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



Wilmington



Pharmaceutical Preparations



Pharmaceutical Preparations



                            Dusa Pharmaceuticals Inc.
                                    



 





















D 


Dusa Pharmaceuticals Inc.                                                                                               
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



25 UPTON DR WILMINGTON, MA 01887
Get Directions



(978) 657-7500
www.dusapharmaceuticals.com                                                                             





Business Info



 Founded 2012
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $16,409,482.00
 Employee Count 97
 Industries Pharmaceutical Preparations
 Contacts Robert F Doman                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Dusa Pharmaceuticals Inc.                                                                                                was founded in 2012. Dusa Pharmaceuticals Inc.                                                                                                specializes in Pharmaceutical Preparations. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. | Prescribing Information











About Us
In the News Careers
Contact Us


 





For Patients
For Healthcare Professionals
Products









 




Actinic Keratoses 
Levulan® Kerastick®
(aminolevulinic acid HCl) for Topical Solution, 20%






Actinic Keratoses 
Levulan® Kerastick®
Levulan® Photodynamic Therapy
What to Expect
Before & After
Take Our AK Survey
For Healthcare Professionals
Product Information


Patient Education Video


Acne





Welcome to DUSA » For Patients » Actinic Keratoses  » Levulan® Kerastick® » Product Information
Prescribing Information
Levulan® Kerastick®(aminolevulinic acid HCl) for Topical Solution, 20%
PATIENT Insert
DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.® 
PHOTODYNAMIC THERAPY (PDT) using the LEVULAN® KERASTICK® for Topical Solution, 20% (generic name = aminolevulinic acid HCl) & the BLU-U® Blue Light Photodynamic Therapy Illuminator for Topical Use on the Face or Scalp.
What is LEVULAN® KERASTICK® for Topical Solution + Blue Light PDT?
This is a two-step (drug + blue light) treatment designed to treat actinic keratoses (AK) lesions on the face or scalp. AKs are precancerous skin changes caused by chronic sun exposure. If untreated, AKs may develop into skin cancer.
In the first part of the treatment, your doctor or other health care provider applies LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution, using the LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution applicator, to individual AK lesions of the face or scalp. Your treatment is completed the next day when you return to your doctor’s office to receive BLU-U® treatment.
Clinical studies have shown that 8 weeks after LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution + BLU-U treatment, about 80% of patients had 75% or more of their treated AKs completely clear (could not be identified by sight or touch). About 65% of patients had complete clearing of all their treated AK lesions. 
Eight weeks after the first treatment, those AK lesions which do not completely clear may be treated a second time. In clinical studies, at 12 weeks after the first treatment or four weeks after the second treatment, about 90% of the patients had 75% or more of their treated AKs completely clear. About 72% of patients had complete clearing of all their treated AK lesions.
LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution + BLU-U treatment works better for patients with lesions on the face than for patients with lesions on the scalp. In clinical studies, about 10% of the patients who had completely cleared all their treated AK lesions had an AK lesion come back within 12 weeks after treatment. Clinical studies did not examine what happened to completely cleared lesions more than 12 weeks after treatment.
Who should not have LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution + Blue Light PDT?
You should not have LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution + Blue Light treatment if you have:
• skin sensitivity to blue light• porphyrias• allergies to chemicals called porphyrins
Tell your doctor if you are pregnant or nursing. It is not known if LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution can cause harm to an unborn child when administered to a pregnant woman or if it can affect the capacity to conceive a child. It is not known whether its use by a nursing mother can affect her baby. If you are pregnant, plan to become pregnant, or are nursing a baby, talk to your doctor about whether you should have LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution + BLU-U Treatment.
LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution has not been tested on patients with inherited or acquired bloodclotting defects.
If any of these conditions apply to you, inform your doctor immediately.
Tell your doctor if you are using other medicines, especially if they increase sensitivity to light. These medicines include thiazides (used to treat high blood pressure), tetracyclines, fluoroquinolones, griseofulvin, or sulfonamides (used to treat infection), sulfonylureas (used to treat diabetes), and phenothiazines (used to treat serious emotional problems).
There are other medicines that may increase sensitivity to light. Therefore, if you are taking any prescription medicines, non-prescription medicines, herbal remedies (such as St. John’s Wort) or are using any medicines or creams that you put directly on your face or scalp, check with your doctor to make sure they do not interact with LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution + BLU-U Treatment.
How are actinic keratoses treated with LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution + Blue Light PDT?
After LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution is applied to your AKs in the doctor’s office, you will be told to return the next day. Keep the treated areas dry and protected from bright light. Fourteen to eighteen hours after LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution is applied, you will return to your doctor’s office to receive BLU-U treatment. Before BLU-U treatment, the areas which LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution was applied will be rinsed with tap water. You will wear goggles to protect your eyes during the BLU-U treatment. The light is low intensity and will not heat your skin.
If for any reason you cannot return to your doctor for BLU-U treatment during the prescribed period after application of LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution (14 to 18 hours), you should call your doctor. You should also continue to avoid exposure of the photosensitized areas to sunlight or to bright light for at least 40 hours after application of the LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution.
What should I avoid after LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution is applied?
Between the time of the application of LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution and BLU-U treatment your AK lesions will become photosensitive (sensitive to light). Care should be taken to keep the areas to which LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution has been applied protected from bright light during this time.
Light-protective headgear, such as a wide-brimmed hat of sufficient size to provide shade to areas to which LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution has been applied, should be worn during this time if you are exposed to sunlight or sources of bright indoor light such as lights at close range, examination lamps or tanning beds.
If you feel burning and/or stinging of the areas to which LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution has been applied, light exposure should be reduced by wearing protective headgear or by reducing the light intensity.
Sunscreens will not protect the areas to which LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution has been applied against sensitivity to light. You must cover or shade these areas from sunlight or sources of bright indoor light.
What are the possible side effects of LEVULAN KERASTICK Topical Solution + Blue Light PDT?
During BLU-U treatment, you will feel tingling, stinging, prickling, or burning of the treated areas. These feelings should improve at the end of BLU-U treatment and should end within 24 hours.
Following BLU-U treatment, the AKs and, to some degree, the surrounding skin, will redden. Swelling may also occur. These changes should reach a maximum the day after BLU-U treatment. However, these changes are temporary, should improve markedly by the end of the first week, and should be completely resolved by 4 weeks after treatment. Other side effects at the treatment sites may include scaling, itching, and changes in skin color.
Other Information
This patient information summarizes the most important information about LEVULAN KERASTICK for Topical Solution + Blue Light PDT. If you would like more information, talk to your doctor or other health care provider. There is also a document prepared specifically for health professionals that your doctor or other health professional can give to you.
LEVULAN®, KERASTICK®, BLU-U®, DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.® and DUSA® are registered trademarks of DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.®
US Patents: 5,079,262; 5,211,938; 5,954,703
 
Manufactured for: 
DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.®,a Sun Pharma company25 Upton DriveWilmington, MA 01887
LAB-0529AW Revision: C
 
For more information please contact:
1-877-533-3872
or
1-978-657-7500
www.dusapharma.com
 
You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch, or call 1-800-FDA-1088.

WEB 1459 Rev F

 





For Patients
For Healthcare Professionals
Products
About Us
In the News
Contact Us

Reimbursement / Insurance Support
Careers
Legal Notice/Privacy Policy

© 2017. DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.®, a Sun Pharma company. All Rights Reserved.








