




DWM Securitizations S.A. - Other- Attardo Kontzler  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









DWM Securitizations S.A.

      Industry: Other
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    6, Rue Eugene Ruppert  
    Luxembourg, N4, L-2453Phone: 352-264496603 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-01


New


$60,800,000


$60,800,000


Debt Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Gaelle Attardo Kontzler 
 Director 


 Peter Johnson 
 Director 


 Edward Marshall 
 Director 


 Lennart Stehouwer 
 Director 





















 




Lennart  Stehouwer - profile of CEO, director, businessman





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Lennart  Stehouwer  - profile of CEO, director, businessman


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news for Lennart  Stehouwer.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

Lennart  Stehouwer - Check out list of companies related to Lennart  Stehouwer. Find out people related to Lennart  Stehouwer - coworkers / colleagues / companions.
Address: c/o DWM Securitizations S.A. 6, rue Eugene Ruppert Luxembourg L-2453 Luxembourg  







Companies related to Lennart  Stehouwer
CIKNameStateCIKIRSStock0001688933DWM Securitizations S.A.0001688933



People related to Lennart  Stehouwer, company DWM Securitizations S.A.NameCityCountryEdward MarshallLuxembourgLuxembourgGaelle Attardo-KontzlerLuxembourgLuxembourgLennart StehouwerLuxembourgLuxembourgPeter JohnsonLuxembourgLuxembourg

















DWM STRATEGIC EQUITY INCOME FUND LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











DWM STRATEGIC EQUITY INCOME FUND LLC  Funding details


DWM STRATEGIC EQUITY INCOME FUND LLC Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001457456Address: 801 Main Street  Concord 01742Phone number: 978-369-5144



Latest news
DWM STRATEGIC EQUITY INCOME FUND LLC raised $52,910,476 from 83 investors on 2016-02-08.



DWM STRATEGIC EQUITY INCOME FUND LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-02-06Amended Form DIndefinite$53,368,362Indefinite$08306b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2016-02-08Amended Form DIndefinite$52,910,476Indefinite$08306b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2015-02-06Amended Form DIndefinite$52,354,977Indefinite$0833C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2014-02-13Amended Form DIndefinite$51,969,005Indefinite$0833C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2013-02-21Amended Form DIndefinite$49,988,859Indefinite$08306 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2012-02-27Amended Form DIndefinite$48,753,905Indefinite$08306 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2011-03-02Amended Form DIndefinite$47,420,289Indefinite$08106 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2010-03-11Amended Form DIndefinite$46,607,223Indefinite$500,0008106 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2009-03-16Amended Form DIndefinite$43,948,834Indefinite$500,0008206 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2009-03-12Amended Form DIndefinite$43,948,834Indefinite$500,0008206[SEC Filing]
DWM STRATEGIC EQUITY INCOME FUND LLC raised $53,368,362 in total.



Directors and Executives of DWM STRATEGIC EQUITY INCOME FUND LLC
Key People in DWM STRATEGIC EQUITY INCOME FUND LLC:

N/A The Darrow Company, Inc.Thomas McFarlandMichelle Wells
Similar companiesDWM Income Funds S.C.A. SICAV-SIF, DWM FUNDS S.C.A.-SICAV SIF, DWM Securitizations S.A.








Last visited companies: GRUNION FUND LP, Healthcare Value Capital, LLC, Ifbyphone Inc, Innovative Biosensors Inc, KOLLTAN PHARMACEUTICALS INC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.


















        DWM : Employer Identification Number Registry






























































Tweet


Change Text Size | 
                            
                Sign In | 
                            

                Documentation | 
                            Contact Us




Lookups
SOAP/REST API
Medicare
Payers/EINs
Crosswalks
1500 Claim Form
Library
Validation
All Services



Medical Data Services  Medical Coding Library  EIN Codes  D  DWM









                    DWM : Employer Identification Number Registry














            This Directory Contains 2017 Employer Identification Numbers



            A business needs an EIN in order to pay employees and to file business tax returns. 
            To be considered a Partnership, LLC, Corporation, S Corporation, Non-profit, etc. a business must obtain an EIN. 
            Those business that do not are considered proprietorships and the Owner / Operator SSN is used on any tax documents. 
            Also, financial institutions such as banks, credit unions, and brokerage houses will not open an account for a corporation without an EIN. 
        



880413096 - DWMRC HOLDINGS, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: 10114 WEST SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY, SOUTH, SUITE 200, HOUSTON, TX, 880413096 - DWMRC HOLDINGS, INC.Business Address: 10114 W. SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY SOUTH, SUITE 200, HOUSTON, TX, 77099Mailing Address: 10114 W. SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY SOUTH, SUITE 200, HOUSTON, TX, 77099364286110 - DWM FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.Business Address: 110 N. BROCKWAY STREET, SUITE 330, PALATINE, IL, 60067Mailing Address: Not on file141788965 - DWM, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: Not on file900136926 - DWM CONSULTANTS LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file264784523 - DWM ADVISORS, LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file562633053 - DWM ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file202940055 - DWM FINANCE LLCBusiness Address: 750 WASHINGTON BLVD, 5TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT, 06901Mailing Address: 750 WASHINGTON BLVD, 5TH FLOOR, STAMFORD, CT000000000 - DWM STRATEGIC EQUITY INCOME FUND LLCBusiness Address: 801 Main Street, Concord, MA, 01742Mailing Address: 801 Main Street, Concord, MA000000000 - DWM FUNDS S.C.A.-SICAV SIFBusiness Address: 2, BOULEVARD KONRAD ADENAUER, LUXEMBOURG, N4, L-1115Mailing Address: 2, BOULEVARD KONRAD ADENAUER, LUXEMBOURG, N4000000000 - DWMC II, LLCBusiness Address: 1 SOUTH MAIN STREET, 8TH FLOOR, SALT LAKE CITY, UT, 84133Mailing Address: 1 SOUTH MAIN STREET, 8TH FLOOR, SALT LAKE CITY, UT000000000 - DWM Income Funds S.C.A. SICAV-SIFBusiness Address: 11, RUE ALDRINGEN, LUXEMBOURG, N4, L-1118Mailing Address: 11, RUE ALDRINGEN, LUXEMBOURG, N4000000000 - DWM Securitizations S.A.Business Address: 6, RUE EUGENE RUPPERT, LUXEMBOURG, N4, L-2453Mailing Address: 6, RUE EUGENE RUPPERT, LUXEMBOURG, N4, L-2453000000000 - DWMC II, LLCBusiness Address: 15 WEST SOUTH TEMPLE, SUITE 520, SALT LAKE CITY, UT, 84101Mailing Address: 15 WEST SOUTH TEMPLE, SUITE 520, SALT LAKE CITY, UT, 84101






























Join:
FAQ
Sign Up
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Our Customers
Site Map




Products & APIs:
Buy Medical Data
Cloud REST/SOAP API
1500 Claim Form to EDI
Crosswalk Services
Validation Services
NPI Registry Trends
Documentation
API Information
NPI Service FAQ
REST API Test Drive
Medical Coding Trainer




Medical Coding Library:
Medical Coding Library
NPI Registry
HCPCS Directory
National Drug Codes
ICD-9-CM Codes
ICD-10-CM Codes
ICD-10 Drugs & Chemicals
LOINC Codes Directory
MS-DRGs
Animal Drug Products
NAICS Code Directory
Medical Devices GUDID
EIN Directory
CMS Forms




Validation Services:
All Validation Services
HIPAA/EDI Validation
NPI Validation
UPIN Validation
EIN Validation
ITIN Validation
CLIA Validation
DUNS Validation
DUNS4 Validation
DEA Validation
TNS Validation
HIN Validation
UPC Code Validation
NHRIC Code Validation




Lookup Services:
NPI Number Lookup
HCPCS Codes Lookup
NDC Number Lookup
ICD-9 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Drugs Substance Lookup
CLIA Codes Lookup
NAICS Codes Lookup
LOINC Codes Lookup
DRG Lookup
Taxonomy Codes Lookup
Animal Drug Products Lookup
Global Medical Devices Lookup
PQRS Quality Measures Lookup
RxNorm Concept ID Lookup





                Copyright © 2004-2017 (Powered by
                Swiss Vault Engine), 
                all rights reserved. HIPAA liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply.
                All registered trademarks, used in the content, are the property of their owners. 
                Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The LOINC table, LOINC codes, and LOINC panels and forms file are copyright © 1995-2017, Regenstrief Institute, Inc.
            



















DWM Asset Management, LLC Part 2A of Form ADV The Brochure - PDF





























 Log in
Registration







Search for

















DWM Asset Management, LLC Part 2A of Form ADV The Brochure



































                                                        SHARE 




                                                        HTML 




                                                        DOWNLOAD 




































                                                            Size: px
                                                        

                                                            Start display at page:
                                                        










Download "DWM Asset Management, LLC Part 2A of Form ADV The Brochure"




                                                                Error: 




 Download Document









  Edith Beverley Fox
 6 months ago                                                                                            
 Views:  











Transcription





1 DWM Asset Management, LLC Part 2A of Form ADV The Brochure 800 Post Road, 3 rd Floor Darien, CT Updated: March 2011 This brochure provides information about the qualifications and business practices of DWM Asset Management, LLC ( DWM ). If you have any questions about the contents of this brochure, please contact us at in Connecticut, USA. The information in this brochure has not been approved or verified by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) or by any state securities authority. Additional information about DWM is also available on the SEC s website at:2 Material Changes DWM s most recent update to Part 2 of Form ADV was made in March, DWM s business activities did not change materially in DWM launched The DWM Microfinance Fund J on March 1, 2011, and pertinent information concerning this fund is described in this Part 2 of Form ADV. Additionally, in 2010 the SEC required significant changes to the content and format of Part 2 of Form ADV. This brochure, which reflects those changes, is materially different from brochures used by DWM in prior years. Please read this entire document carefully. Table of Contents Material Changes... 2 Advisory Business... 2 Fees and Compensation... 4 Performance-Based Fees and Side-by-Side Management... 8 Types of Clients... 9 Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss Disciplinary Information Other Financial Industry Activities and Affiliations Code of Ethics, Participation or Interest in Client Transactions and Personal Trading Brokerage Practices Research and Other Soft Dollar Benefits Review of Accounts Client Referrals and Other Compensation Custody Investment Discretion Voting Client Securities Financial Information Kathryn Barrios Biographical Information Peter Johnson s Biographical Information James C. Kaddaras s Biographical Information Judy Kirst-Kolkman s Biographical Information Bradley Swanson s Biographical Information Advisory Business DWM Asset Management, LLC ( DWM ), a Connecticut limited liability company and member of the Developing World Markets group of companies, provides discretionary and nondiscretionary investment advisory and supervisory services to privately-offered pooled and structured investment vehicles that invest primarily in microfinance institutions. 23 DWM is dedicated to making socially positive investments in order to promote sustainable economic and social development on a global scale. DWM believes that the private sector and capital markets can be utilized to create positive economic and social change and are often the most effective catalysts for doing so. DWM primarily invests in economically sustainable microfinance institutions that provide small loans to low-income entrepreneurs in the developing world. DWM currently manages investments in approximately 140 microfinance and other socially motivated institutions in about 40 countries worldwide. At present, DWM provides advisory and supervisory services to the following privately-offered pooled and structured investment vehicles: The DWM Microfinance Fund and The DWM Microfinance Fund J, each a sub-fund of DWM Income Funds S.C.A. SICAV SIF, a Luxembourg entity which is structured to house DWM s funds that are principally focused on debt investments; DWM Microfinance Equity Fund I, a sub-fund of DWM Funds S.C.A. - SICAV SIF, which is structured to house DWM s equity-focused funds (collectively, the DWM Funds ). DWM sub-advises, on a non-discretionary basis, the SNS Institutional Microfinance Fund and SNS Institutional Microfinance Fund II (the SNS Funds ), each a Dutch institutional fund managed by SNS Asset Management N.V., part of the SNS REAAL Group. Additionally, DWM or an affiliate acts as servicer and/or calculation agent to the following microfinance structured investments (the Structured Investments ), each of which is a compartment of a DWM affiliate, DWM Securitizations, S.A., a Luxembourg company: Microfinance Securities XXEB ( MFS XXEB ); Microfinance Bank of Azerbaijan (now Access Bank) Bond I ( MFBA Bond I ); and LokMicro 2007 The DWM Funds and the SNS Funds (collectively the Funds, and each a Fund ), the Structured Investments and other future funds or structured vehicles under management are collectively referred to as Clients or Investment Vehicles, and each is individually referred to as a Client or Investment Vehicle below. In addition, Developing World Markets MicroFinance, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of DWM, advises on the structure, cash flow analysis, investor relations and payments for a microfinance securitization vehicle, BlueOrchard Microfinance Securities I, LLC ( BOMSI ). DWM is also exploring opportunities for structuring new Investment Vehicles in socially beneficial sectors in the developing world beyond microfinance, such as small and medium enterprise ( SME ) lending, low-income housing lending, education financing, water procurement and sanitation financing, and mobile banking. DWM considers these sectors as offering opportunities for social impact investing and believes that they represent adjacent spaces to the microfinance sector. 34 DWM was founded in 2003 and registered with the SEC as an Investment Adviser pursuant the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 in May DWM is 100% owned by DWM Holdings, LLC. Peter H. Johnson and Judy Kirst-Kolkman each owns more than 25% of DWM Holdings, LLC. DWM manages a total of $875,745,331 as of March 1, This total includes assets under management calculated as of December 31, 2010, of which $200,154,088 was managed on a discretionary basis and $438,519,444 was managed on a non-discretionary basis on behalf of 7 Clients, as well as an additional $237,071,799 managed on a discretionary basis on behalf of one new Client, The DWM Microfinance Fund J, initially funded as of March 1, Fees and Compensation DWM charges the Funds for investment advisory fees on a quarterly basis, in advance or arrears, based generally on a percentage of the value of the Fund s committed capital or assets under management. DWM or an affiliate charges the Structured Investments for servicing fees on a semi-annual basis, in arrears, based on a percentage of the value of the assets in the relevant Structured Investment. All fees are negotiated with each Client on an individual basis. The level of the negotiated fee may be based upon a number of factors including, but not limited to, the type and size of the account; the extent of services desired; the complexity of originating and executing on desired assets; competitive factors; as well as the Client s investment objectives, overall financial condition, goals, risk tolerance and other factors unique to a Client s particular circumstances. Fixed fee contracts, if any, with any Client are generally terminable by either party in writing after a period of prior notice. DWM earns most of its revenue from the receipt of management and performance fees. DWM does not receive more than 50% of its revenue from the sale of securities or other investment products. DWM deducts management fees and performance fees, when applicable, directly from the relevant Client s custodial account when such amounts are due and payable. DWM Finance LLC ( DWM Finance ), DWM s affiliated broker dealer, is the structuring and placement agent for the DWM Funds. It received a structuring and placement fee from the DWM Microfinance Equity Fund I that was paid from that Fund s organizational expenses. DWM Finance will receive a structuring and placement fee from The DWM Microfinance Fund if and when that Fund reaches a certain minimum size. The general partner of the DWM Funds, DWM Funds S.à r.l. (the General Partner ), a DWM affiliate, receives an annual fee from each DWM Fund for administrative services. DWM has entered into relationships with affiliated and unaffiliated solicitors to refer European and Asian (including Japanese) investors to the DWM Funds under various compensation arrangements. 45 In addition, DWM may allocate Clients brokerage business to DWM Finance. In particular, DWM Finance may structure private-placement or other offerings that DWM may recommend to its Clients. DWM may reduce its advisory fees to offset the commissions or markups paid by Clients for certain investments placed through DMW Finance. Furthermore, DWM Finance received a structuring and placement fee for MFS XXEB and MFBA Bond I, and could receive similar fees for future structured investments managed by DWM. Below are descriptions of the advisory and performance-based fees and expenses for the Funds and Structured Investments described above that are managed by DWM or its affiliate: The DWM Microfinance Fund (a sub-fund of DWM Income Funds S.C.A. SICAV SIF) Owners of Class A and B units are charged 1.7% annually; owners of Class C units are charged 2.3% annually (out of which a distribution fee is payable to a distributor); and owners of Class D units are charged 1.3% annually. Management fees are paid quarterly, in advance, on the fifth Luxembourg business day of each calendar quarter, based on the net asset value of the fund on the last valuation day of the previous calendar quarter. In the event that Class C-institutional units are offered in the future, Class C-institutional units will be charged a management fee as determined in consultation with the relevant distributor of such units. All subscriptions, once accepted and paid, are debited for the management fee pro rata until the end of the relevant calendar quarter. The performance-based fees that DWM earns for this Fund consist of carried interest of 20% of net new gains above the cumulative hurdle rate, transferred quarterly, in arrears, subject to a high water mark (such that the carried interest is only applicable to gains higher than the highest net asset value ever previously used to calculate the carried interest). The hurdle rate is an annual flat rate of 7.0% for A, B and D units; an annual flat rate of 6.4% for C units; and an annual flat rate which is greater than 6.4%for Class C-institutional units (if any), to the same extent as the management fee applicable to such units is less than the management fee applicable to Class C units. The carried interest that constitutes DWM s performance-based fees is subject to claw-back as follows: upon a redemption of units, if a redeeming investor has paid carried interest that would not have been due to DWM had the calculation of carried interest been made on the entire holding period of the units being redeemed by such investor, then DWM will refund an amount equal to the excess carried interest that such investor previously paid in respect of such redeemed units. DWM has a distribution agreement with Truestone Asset Management, plc ( Truestone ). In this capacity, Truestone has been appointed to place Class B and Class C units of the Fund with eligible investors exclusively in the United Kingdom. Truestone earns 0.4% of the 1.7% annual management fee paid on Class B units and 1% of the 2.3% annual management fee paid on Class C units applicable to the units it places with eligible investors. 56 The DWM Microfinance Fund pays operational expenses necessary for its ongoing administration including expenses in connection with custody, administration, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliation and other such services; the preparation of the books of the Company, including annual audits; regulatory and tax filings; other professional fees necessary to operate the Company; and an annual fee to the Fund s general partner. The Fund also pays for certain third party expenses related to investments made by the Fund including legal costs. No organizational expenses were charged to the Fund. As described above, the Fund will pay a structuring and placement fee to DWM Finance once it reaches a minimum size. The DWM Microfinance Fund J (a sub-fund of DWM Income Funds S.C.A. SICAV SIF) Owners of Class A and J Units are charged a management fee of 0.825% annually. Management fees accrue on a daily basis, are paid quarterly in arrears on the fifth Luxembourg business day of each calendar quarter, in US Dollars, and are calculated on the average daily net asset value of the Fund for the quarter then ended. In addition, the Fund has paid the following organizational expenses: legal and structuring fees, administrative set-up costs, registration costs and expenses, travel expenses to establish the Fund and to meet investors, expenses of Fund service providers, and expenses related to back office systems for tracking fund assets. The Fund also pays operating expenses for daily net asset value calculation, transaction processing, record keeping and other administrative services plus fees for depository, custody, registrar, transfer agent, and domiciliation services, auditor and tax accountant expenses; fees to the independent investment committee members; legal, brokerage and transaction expenses associated with Fund investments, as well as fees for valuation services to an independent microfinance evaluation firm. DWM Microfinance Equity Fund I (a sub-fund of DWM Funds S.C.A. SICAV SIF) Unit-holders are assessed a management fee of 2.5% annually during the commitment period (except that investors with less than $20 million in committed capital pay a management fee of 2.75% annually); and 2.0% annually following the termination of the commitment period (except that investors with less than $20 million in committed capital pay a management fee of 2.25% annually). The management fee is subject to claw-back during the post-commitment period if the Fund fails to draw the aggregate amount of all capital commitments during the commitment period. The performance-based fees that DWM earns for this Fund consist of carried interest of 20% of the distributions following: a) the return of 100% of the investors drawn down capital; and b) a return equal to 7% annually compounded on such drawn down capital, on a fund-as-a-whole basis. The carried interest that constitutes DWM s performance-based fees is subject to claw-back based on the final calculation of the Fund s performance. DWM will place one-third of carried interest received during the life of the Fund into escrow pending the final calculation of the Fund s 67 performance. The terms and conditions of an escrow agreement were negotiated and documented by the Fund and its investors prior to the closing, and an escrow account will be established with the Fund s custodian at such time as DWM first becomes eligible to receive carried interest. The Fund paid certain organizational expenses in connection with the preparation and dissemination of the sales documents of the Fund and all legal, fiscal and printing costs subject to a cap. The Fund pays operational expenses necessary for its ongoing administration including expenses in connection with custody, administration, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliation and other such services; the preparation of the books of the Fund, including annual audits; regulatory and tax filings; other professional fees necessary to operate the Fund; and an annual fee to the Fund s general partner. The Fund also pays for certain third-party expenses related to investments made by the Fund including legal costs. SNS Institutional Microfinance Fund and SNS Institutional Microfinance Fund II The fund manager for the SNS Funds, SNS Asset Management N.V., receives a fund management fee of 1.70% annually, out of which DWM receives an investment management fee of 1.30% annually, in each case payable quarterly in advance. In addition to the management fee paid by each of the SNS Funds, the fund manager receives a performance fee that it fully passes through to DWM and which is equal to 20% of the compounded annualized excess return over 7.0%, net of fees and expenses. The performance fee, if applicable, is payable on a quarterly basis, in arrears. The amount of performance fees paid to DWM is subject to claw-back based on the final calculation of performance for the relevant SNS Fund. No escrow arrangement has been required, however, by the fund manager. The SNS Funds reimburse DWM for certain investment expenses incurred by DWM, in particular legal and translation expenses. DWM also pays a portion of the fees it receives to a third-party sub-advisor of the SNS Funds. MFS XXEB Developing World Markets MicroFinance, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of DWM, (i) received an origination fee equal to 1% of the aggregate principal balance of microfinance loan proceeds disbursed by MFS XXEB, together with the documented out-of-pocket costs related to the diligence and origination efforts undertaken by it with respect to such loans and (ii) receives a semi-annual servicing fee payable equal to the sum of: (a) 1/360 of 1.1% annually multiplied by the daily average aggregate principal balance of the loans for the relevant semi-annual period multiplied by the number of days in such semiannual period; plus (b) $32, DWM s affiliate pays a portion of the fees it receives to certain third-party sub-advisors of MFS XXEB. MFS XXEB pays DWM s subsidiary for costs and expenses of legal proceedings relating to or involving any investment. Additionally, MFS XXEB paid a structuring and placement fee to DWM Finance at the closing in8 MFBA Bond I DWM receives a fee as servicer and calculation agent payable on a semiannual basis equal to 0.5% annually of the outstanding amount of the notes issued thereunder minus certain operating costs of MFBA Bond I. MFBA Bond I paid a structuring and placement fee to DWM Finance at two closings in 2007 and LokMicro 2007 DWM receives a fee as servicer and calculation agent payable on a semi-annual basis equal to 0.5% annually of the outstanding amount of the notes issued thereunder minus certain operating costs of LokMicro SIDE LETTERS A prospective investor in an Investment Vehicle may request a side letter arrangement regarding the investment. Such side letters may provide for various terms that differ from those described in the Fund s private placement memorandum. Terms addressed in side letters may include, but are not limited to: Most favored nation status; Immediate notification of certain material events; Reduced fees; Better liquidity terms; Better transparency regarding trades and holdings; and More frequent or detailed reporting. All side letter agreements must be approved in writing by the Chief Compliance Officer of DWM. DWM will not enter into side letters that are prohibited under an Investment Vehicle s constitutional documents and only as disclosed in the relevant Fund s offering documents or this Part 2 of DWM s Form ADV filing. DWM may consult with outside counsel to determine whether a side letter is permissible, requires additional disclosure, or the terms of which should be offered to other investors. Performance-Based Fees and Side-by-Side Management As stated in the Fees and Compensation section above, DWM charges performance-based fees to certain of the Funds, which consist of a portion of the carried interest from capital gains on or capital appreciation of Fund assets, subject to specified hurdle rates. DWM does not receive any 89 performance-based fees with respect to The DWM Microfinance Fund J or the Structured Investments. DWM may have an incentive to make investments on behalf of the Funds that may pay such performance-based fees that are riskier or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of such compensation. In addition, since the performance-based fees received by DWM are based both on realized and unrealized gains and losses, the performance-based fees earned could be based on unrealized gains that clients may never realize, although the performance fee claw-back provisions described in the Fees and Compensation Fees section above substantially mitigate such risk. Types of Clients DWM provides discretionary and non-discretionary investment advisory services to pooled investment vehicles and other structured investments. Investors in the Investment Vehicles may include high net worth individuals, banking or thrift institutions, investment companies (including mutual funds), pension and profit-sharing plans, other pooled investment vehicles (e.g., hedge funds), charitable organizations, trusts and estates, corporations and other business entities, development finance institutions and federal, as well as state or municipal government entities. CONDITIONS FOR MANAGING ACCOUNTS The DWM Microfinance Fund The minimum investment size is USD 500,000. The general partner may waive, in certain cases, the minimum investment size; provided, that, in the event of an investment less than EUR 125,000, the investor must produce a written assessment which satisfies EU guidelines certifying to the investor s expertise, experience and knowledge to adequately appraise an investment in The DWM Microfinance Fund. All U.S. investors must be accredited investors as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 and qualified clients as defined in Rule 205-3(d)(1) under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ( Advisers Act ). In addition, the general partner of the Fund reserves the right to limit purchases of units by prospective new investors or existing investors in line with the availability of appropriate investments. In such case, priority generally will be given to existing investors. The DWM Microfinance Fund J The minimum investment size is the Japanese Yen equivalent of EUR 125,000 subject to waiver by the general partner in certain cases; provided, that, in the event of an investment less than EUR 125,000, the investor must produce a written assessment which satisfies EU guidelines certifying to the investor s expertise, experience and knowledge to adequately appraise an investment in The DWM Microfinance Fund J. 910 In addition, the General Partner reserves the right to limit purchases of units in the fund by prospective new investors or existing investors in line with the availability of appropriate investments. In such case priority will be given to existing investors, if possible. The Fund is not available to US investors. DWM Microfinance Equity Fund I Sales of units were subject to a minimum investment size of USD 500,000. All U.S. investors were required to be accredited investors as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 and qualified clients as defined in Rule 205-3(d)(1) under the Advisers Act. The Fund is now closed to investors. The SNS Funds Sales of units in the SNS Institutional Microfinance Fund and SNS Institutional Microfinance Fund II were subject to a minimum amount of EUR 250,000. Sales were limited to Dutch institutional investors. Both funds are now closed to investors. There is no standard minimum investment for any other Investment Vehicles. The Investment Vehicles require investors to make representations concerning investors eligibility, sophistication, awareness of the inherent risks and ability to bear the risk of loss of their entire investment. Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss Investment in the Investment Vehicles is speculative and entails a high degree of risk, since the Investment Vehicles may not achieve their investment objectives and an investor could suffer a substantial or full loss of his or her investment. The following section describes the principal types of assets managed by DWM on behalf of Clients: (1) microfinance and related assets, in the form of debt or equity investments in microfinance and related financial institutions, including banks, that focus on fields related to microfinance such as SME lending, low-income housing, education financing, water procurement and sanitation, micro-insurance, housing loans for the poor and remittances and (2) bonds or other similar debt securities issued primarily by development finance institutions whose focus is economic development in the developing world. MICROFINANCE AND RELATED INVESTMENTS The Funds invest debt and equity in microfinance institutions and related financial institutions, including banks, that focus on fields related to microfinance such as SME lending, low-income housing, education financing, water procurement and sanitation, micro-insurance, housing loans for the poor and remittances ( MFIs and each an MFI ). MFI debt assets typically take the form of senior unsecured loans, but may also include senior secured loans and subordinated loans, 1011 as well as structured holdings representing MFI debt assets. Debt exposures range from shortto long-term maturities. MFI equity assets typically are unlisted, private equity shares, as well as warrants or other call options on the equity of MFIs; convertible instruments; and structured holdings representing MFI equity or profit participation notes. In selecting suitable MFI investments, DWM employs a research-intensive bottom-up approach. Each investment is selected for inclusion in a Fund only after substantial due diligence has been performed by DWM and after review and approval by the investment committee of the relevant Fund. MFIs are selected by DWM from Central America, South America, Eastern Europe, the Caucasus & Central Asia, the Middle East & Africa and South & Southeast Asia or from other developing world areas that meet sufficiently robust financial and institutional criteria as to be suitable for investment by DWM s Clients. Additionally, DWM and its Clients may have social-impact goals that are taken into consideration during the investment process (e.g., raising income levels for micro-entrepreneurs as well as owners and employees of small or medium enterprises currently in poverty; increasing the size of the ability of MFIs to finance micro-entrepreneurs and small or medium enterprises; opening a sizable funding supply to help meet growing demand from MFIs, etc.). MFI DEBT INVESTMENTS Origination: DWM uses a wide variety of contacts, relationships and financial engineering techniques to originate potential MFI debt assets. Using any combination of these techniques, DWM examines a broad selection of MFIs and identifies those that DWM believes are most likely to meet the standards required for selection as microfinance assets for its Funds. DWM then contacts those MFIs that look promising and invites them to proceed to an initial negotiation and deeper screening process. Screening: Potential MFI debt investments are first screened via desk top analysis of the company s business model, financial performance and business plan resulting in an initial assessment of the expected return on investment. Following agreement to a preliminary term sheet, DWM s debt team presents promising deals to the investment committees for discussion and feedback. Due Diligence: DWM seeks to substantiate its knowledge of the MFI candidates by conducting due diligence. This process involves the submission by each MFI of detailed financial and other information, as well as meetings or other discussions with the MFI management to assess their competence. This is both a backward-looking and forward-looking process, involving reviews of past performance and future business plans and projections. In nearly all cases DWM will have visited the head office of the MFI and met the management of the MFI prior to submitting the potential investment to the relevant investment committee(s). Evaluation: DWM employs a proprietary scoring system that evaluates each MFI that is a candidate for debt financing based on a number of quantitative and qualitative criteria. The scoring process is based upon the MFIs financials and track record as well as subjective 1112 judgments of management and other intangible factors. The following criteria are used in evaluating MFIs for potential debt investment by any Fund: Financial Strength: Financially strong, as measured by the quality of the MFI s portfolio, its operating costs and its overall profitability. Social Impact: Evidence of demonstrable social impact through the MFI serving large numbers of poor clients. Long Term Competitiveness: A clear and compelling strategy for achieving or maintaining long-term sustainability. Management Values: Commitment to financial sustainability, transparency of information, and the evaluation of both financial and social impact based on results. Investment Approval: After DWM s relationship managers have completed the evaluation process described above, recommendations and supporting memos are submitted to DWM s internal review process. The first level of internal review for each potential MFI debt investment is by DWM s Chief Credit Officer. The Chief Credit Officer evaluates the MFI and the loan conditions from a credit and risk standpoint, and if approved, it is then forwarded to the internal DWM credit committee, which consists of the four partners of DWM, plus the Chief Credit Officer. The investment proposal is evaluated on the credit committee level and either approved, rejected entirely, or sent back for more due diligence. Debt investments that are approved by the internal DWM credit committee are submitted by DWM to the investment committee of the relevant Fund(s) eligible to invest for consideration. The approval of a Fund s investment committee is required for the Fund to make the investment. MFI EQUITY INVESTMENTS Origination: DWM originates MFI equity transactions via a variety of sources, including its existing debt relationships, partners contacts with MFI managers and stakeholders, as well as industry conferences and brokers. Screening: Potential deals are first screened via desk top analysis of the company s business model, financial performance and business plan resulting in an initial assessment of the expected return on investment. Following agreement to a preliminary term sheet, the equity team presents promising MFI equity investments to the investment committee(s) of the relevant Fund(s) for discussion and feedback. Due Diligence: On site due diligence is required for final presentation to and approval from the relevant investment committees. Over 3 4 days, DWM employees conduct meetings with senior and middle management, visit branches and borrowers, and in some cases meet with competitors and regulators. Evaluation: Based on the results of its due diligence, the equity team builds a complete financial model that is accompanied by a detailed investment report describing the proposed MFI equity asset. In its evaluation of each individual MFI, DWM focuses especially on the quality of 1213 management, reputation, track record and performance. DWM employs rigorous risk analysis methodologies for MFI based on thorough evaluation of risk and performance dimensions. Risk analysis includes country and industry analysis as well as in-depth specific risk assessment focusing on governance, finance and operations. Performance dimensions cover the double bottom line of each microfinance or related lending program, its social performance and its financial performance. Throughout the process, the following criteria are used in evaluating the microfinance institution or microfinance related assets for investment: Financial Strength: DWM desires to invest only in MFIs that are financially strong, as measured by the quality of their portfolio, their operating costs and their overall profitability. Social Impact: DWM desires to invest in MFIs that show evidence of demonstrable social impact through serving large numbers of poor clients. Long Term Competitiveness: DWM desires to invest in MFIs with a clear and compelling strategy for achieving or maintaining long-term sustainability. Management Values: DWM desires to invest in MFIs committed to financial sustainability, transparency of information, and the evaluation of both financial and social impact based on results. Prospects for Growth: Although this criterion is in many respects a derivative of the above four criteria, it is a key focus of the investment analysis performed by DWM. Investment Approval: Once the evaluation process above is completed, the recommendation of the equity team and the supporting memorandum for each proposed equity investment is submitted for internal approval. All prospective equity investments must be approved by the internal DWM equity investment committee (which consists of all four partners of DWM) before being recommended to the investment committee of the relevant Fund(s) eligible to invest for consideration. The approval of a Fund s investment committee is required for the Fund to make the investment. BONDS On March 1, 2011 DWM launched a new fund, The DWM Microfinance Fund J. The Fund provides the underlying investments for a mutual fund in Japan, which is the sole investor to date in the Fund. In order to provide liquidity to investors, DWM targets investing the majority of the Fund s assets in bonds, as described further below, sovereign debt, and other similar marketable debt instruments. The Fund is primarily invested in bonds issued by multilateral development finance institutions and development finance institutions that focus on economic development in the developing world ( DFI Bonds ). The Fund also has the ability to invest in bonds issued by microfinance institutions. The Fund will invest in short-term sovereign debt to provide liquidity for redemptions, funding of MFI loans, and semiannual dividend payments. DWM aims to maintain a diversified portfolio of DFI Bonds targeting a range of issuers, tenors, emerging market currencies and geographies. DWM selects the DFI Bonds that meet the objectives of the Fund, in particular capital preservation, interest income in currencies which offer higher interest rates than offered on Japanese Yen denominated instruments, and substantial liquidity. 1314 The DWM Microfinance Fund J intends to maintain full exposure to emerging market currencies and does not intend to hedge currency or interest rate exposure. DWM has invested the Fund primarily in DFI Bonds denominated in emerging market currencies, and as the fund makes loans to MFIs, the bonds will mature or be sold to fund the loans. As the bonds are public issues of multilateral institutions established by treaty or governmental entities, there is no extensive due diligence performed other than due attention to the role such instruments are intended to play in accomplishing the investment objectives. Each issuer of DFI Bonds will be submitted to the Fund s investment committee for approval, while DWM will retain overall responsibility for selection of such individual assets within the parameters of the Fund s investment guidelines. There is no limit on the allocation to DFI Bonds or DFIs rated AAA. The majority of the DFI Bonds are rated AAA, but DFIs or DFI Bonds rated below AAA can be included in the bond portfolio, and the majority of the DFI Bonds by volume are issued by development finance institutions which are multilateral institutions. While up to 100% of DFI Bonds may be denominated in currencies of developing countries, the majority of DFI Bond exposures by volume are to instruments denominated in investment grade currencies of developing countries; DFI Bonds issued in non-investment grade currencies, together with microfinance loans extended in such currencies, may constitute no more than 10% of the total net assets of the Fund. The maximum percentage of the portfolio allocated to DFI Bonds rated lower than AAA that are not issued by multilateral institutions is 20%. MATERIAL RISKS Investment in any of DWM s Investment Vehicles is speculative and entails a high degree of risk, since the Investment Vehicles may not achieve their investment objectives and an investor could suffer a substantial or full loss of his or her investment. Some of the material risks for investments in the Investment Vehicles are set out below: 1. Most of the MFI debt and equity assets are invested in MFIs that are small and recently formed (relative to many small and medium-sized nonprofit and for-profit entities in Europe, United States and other countries with developed economies). Many have not previously received external financing from traditional commercial sources and may not qualify for such financing under traditional bases of evaluation. Many of these MFIs have not been rated by traditional rating agencies or similar commercial institutions. 2. Changes in the economic or political conditions of a country in which an MFI operates or changes in the financial condition of any given MFI could have a material negative impact on the ability of the relevant Investment Vehicle to receive on a timely basis payments due in respect of any given investment and may impair the ability of the MFIs to make, analyze, supervise, record or collect on microloans or similar assets, to function successfully in the other businesses they operate or to service their obligations. Further, the countries in which the MFIs are located are all relatively less well equipped to deal with natural disasters or major upheavals, such as floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, war, terrorism or riots than are the United States and other economically developed countries and may not efficiently and quickly recover from such disaster events. If any Investment Vehicle s receipt, on a timely basis, of payments from any MFI is interrupted, then such 1415 Fund may be unable to make payments and such Investment Vehicle s net asset value could decline. 3. Although DWM has been involved in the initiation, development and fund management of several MFI-related Investment Vehicles, each new fund or structured investment managed by DWM is a new enterprise that lacks both operating and financial experience. 4. Investors in any of the DWM Funds may be paid dividends and may be able to redeem their units in a DWM Fund only to the extent that the assets in such Fund(s) are serviced and repaid or can be sold for value. 5. MFI debt assets may be senior or subordinated, may not be ranked equally in right of payment with all other unsecured debt of the MFIs and will in most cases not be backed by any collateral, liens on assets or other guarantees or security. Furthermore, MFIs typically either do not require collateral security from their clients, the micro-borrowers, or if they do have collateral security from the micro-borrowers they may not have a perfected security interest in such collateral. 6. The MFI equity assets have no right of repayment, and the ability to realize a return or even simply to return capital to investors will be entirely dependent upon the success of a Fund in finding an opportunity to exit, primarily through a secondary sale or an initial public offering. The market for such exit opportunities is not well-developed and only a few MFIs have gone public in the history of microfinance. 7. If The DWM Microfinance Fund is unable to meet its limited offer of liquidity the investors in this Fund may have no choice but to maintain their investment for many years. The DWM Microfinance Fund has no wind up date and DWM intends to operate The DWM Microfinance Fund indefinitely. 8. There is no public market for the units in the DWM Microfinance Equity Fund I, and there likely will be no trading market for them in the future. Accordingly, investors will have difficulty selling or otherwise disposing of their units. 9. The DWM Microfinance Fund J offers redemptions on a limited basis. Based on these redemption procedures there is no assurance that the value of the funds will be the same as at the time that notice was first given or that the investment will be profitable. Investors bear the risk of a downturn in the markets or of a decline in the value of their investment without the ability to redeem their funds. 10. Risks associated with the bond portfolio of The DWM Microfinance Fund J include, but are not limited to, exchange rate risk, interest rate risk, price risk and liquidity risk. In particular, the Fund s investment strategy is to gain exposure to foreign currencies, particularly in the emerging markets. Accordingly, DWM may but ordinarily does not intend to, hedge currency exposure. The creditworthiness of the development finance institutions issuing the bonds are subject to, among other things, adverse changes in the financial condition of such development finance institutions clients, which may arise from 1516 factors specific to a particular industry or from changes in the macroeconomic environment or the financial markets in the countries in which the clients of the development finance institutions operate. 11. There can be no assurance of a secondary market for bonds in the bond portfolio of The DWM Microfinance Fund J or the liquidity of such a market where it exists. Consequently, DWM may not be able to sell the DFI Bonds readily or at prices that will enable them to realize a yield comparable to that of similar instruments, if any, with a developed secondary market. 12. The interests of DWM and its affiliates may conflict in various ways with the interests of the investors in any of the Investment Vehicles. DWM and its related entities may engage in fund management, financing, advisory, lending, financing, or other businesses with or affecting the MFIs in which a particular Investment Vehicle invests and which may compete with the Investment Vehicles in which a particular Investment Vehicle invests, or may have other business with the MFIs unrelated to the investment. Such activities could even take place simultaneously with the origination of a particular MFI debt or equity asset for a particular Investment Vehicle. 13. The financial and other information of the potential MFIs, upon which DWM will rely in part in selecting and monitoring the MFIs, will be provided primarily by the MFIs themselves and may not have been audited or prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ) or United States generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) as many of the MFIs are small, unregulated enterprises with limited access to sources of funding and service a very impoverished clientele. Furthermore, standards of disclosure in certain economically developing countries where MFIs are located may be materially less stringent than those of the United States. In addition, IFRS, which the General Partner anticipates will be used to audit most or all MFIs, differ in certain material respects from U.S. GAAP. The results of an audit of an MFI conducted pursuant to IFRS may differ materially from an audit performed on the microfinance institution conducted pursuant to U.S. GAAP. 14. MFI debt assets will be denominated in local currencies, US Dollars or Euro, and the MFIs will principally make microloans that are denominated in their local currencies. If, during the term of an MFI debt asset, the value of such local currency falls relative to the currency in which the company has made the loan for the relevant Fund, the MFI may have difficulty repaying such MFI debt asset. In addition, local governments may impose foreign exchange controls on, or block entirely, transactions to convert local currency to foreign currency, including the US Dollars and Euro. Such restrictions could impede the ability of MFIs to repay an MFI asset in any currency. 15. All Investment Vehicles are denominated in one or more of the following currencies: US dollars, Euros, Japanese Yen and/or Pounds Sterling. The assets and liabilities denominated in each of these currencies may not be matched and could expose the relevant Investment Vehicle to a material risk of adverse currency movements. Apart from 1617 staying within fund diversification limits, there may be no attempt to hedge this currency risk in any of the Investment Vehicles going forward. 16. DWM may engage in cross currency or interest rate swaps with international banks or other counterparties to reduce currency or interest rate risks. However, there is no assurance that the swap counterparty will not default on or otherwise fail to make the payment obligations to DWM or the relevant Investment Vehicle. In addition, if the Investment Vehicle fails to make scheduled payments to the swap counterparty, the counterparty can omit corresponding payments due to the Investment Vehicle, can terminate the swap and can add payment obligations due to it from the relevant Investment Vehicle to compensate the counterparty for losses due to the cancellation of the contract or otherwise stemming from the failure of the Investment Vehicle to make scheduled payments. 17. An Investment Vehicle may attempt to reduce repayment risk to the overall MFI asset portfolio by agreeing to fund certain MFI assets indirectly by means of a deposit in US dollars, Euros, Japanese Yen and/or Pounds Sterling placed with an international bank which, in turn, issues a stand-by letter of credit to a local bank in the country in which an MFI is based for the purpose of helping secure a local currency loan to the MFI by the local bank. However, there can be no assurance that the international bank will not fail, causing a loss to the relevant Investment Vehicle of its deposit. There can be no reliance on deposit insurance provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) or any analogous institution in another country for any amount of the deposit which exceeds the applicable insured deposit limit in such country. There also can be no assurance that the international bank will perform correctly in its administration of the stand-by letter of credit. Following a drawing under the stand by letter of credit, it is unlikely that the MFI will meet its reimbursement obligations to the relevant Investment Vehicle or it may not be permitted by governmental authorities or policies to do so. 18. An Investment Vehicle may purchase existing MFI assets from a third party. There is a risk that the authorities in the country in which the MFI is based, or in the country where the third party is based, will impose tax or penalties which might or might not have been due had the MFI asset been issued directly to the Investment Vehicle purchasing such asset or that the MFI asset may not be successfully conveyed and that disputes could arise as to the ownership of the MFI asset or as to the obligation of the MFI to repay such a loan. 19. An Investment Vehicle may purchase participations in MFI assets from a third party. In such circumstances, such Investment Vehicle may not have direct contractual relationship with the MFI and may only enforce its right against the third party. Further, the presence of the third party as the intermediary with the MFI leads inevitably to the assumption of credit risk and performance risk on the third party relating to its ability and willingness to collect and make payments to such Investment Vehicle, to enforce such Investment Vehicle s rights and to ensure that such Investment Vehicle may successfully collect its investment. 1718 20. An Investment Vehicle s MFI assets may not comprise the majority or a substantial amount, by aggregate value, of such MFI s outstanding short-term or long-term indebtedness. Consequently, DWM may have limited leverage over any MFI to enforce the repayment and other terms of the MFIs obligations to the relevant Investment Vehicles in the event of the failure of an MFI to make principal and interest payments on the MFI assets to any Investment Vehicle. 21. DWM may have more difficulty establishing and securing legal rights in respect of the MFI debt or equity assets on behalf of the Investment Vehicles in the countries in which the MFIs operate than it would establishing and securing the rights in the United States, Western Europe, Japan or other more developed countries. Accordingly, DWM s recourse to legal and regulatory proceedings in such foreign countries, to establish or secure DWM s rights in respect of one or more MFI debt or equity assets, may be limited or nonexistent. In addition, in connection with the making of the MFI debt or equity assets, DWM s Investment Vehicles may be subject to the jurisdiction of authorities in one or more such foreign countries. 22. DWM may engage third parties to assist or entirely provide the evaluation, due diligence, negotiation and on-going monitoring of certain investments to be made for an Investment Vehicle. There is an inherent risk that the third-party may not provide the same quality of advice as DWM. 23. DWM seeks to place all of the funds subscribed by investors in the Investment Vehicles. There is a substantial likelihood, however, that a portion of funds to be invested in MFI debt or equity assets will remain un-invested for a meaningful period. The outstanding funds will be invested in cash and will earn a correspondingly lower return than the return due on such funds. In certain Investment Vehicles, at DWM s sole discretion, such cash might be invested with MFIs as deposits or other short term instruments in local currencies. 24. If withholding or deduction of any taxes from payments of principal, interest or capital gains in respect of the MFI debt or equity assets is required by law in any jurisdiction, the MFI may not be under any obligation to make any additional payments to any investors in respect of such withholding or deduction. Each investor assumes and is solely responsible for all taxes of any jurisdiction or governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local taxes or other like assessments or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of its investment in any Investment Vehicle. OTHER SOURCES OF INFORMATION DWM includes in its due diligence and collection of information of potential portfolio companies discussions with senior management, regular monitoring of financial statements and other financial metrics and onsite visits of potential portfolio companies. Such onsite visits occur during the initial stage of the investment process and annually after investment in the portfolio company. During onsite visits, DWM interviews management of the portfolio companies to assess their competence and collects financial data, control systems information and other quantitative and qualitative information needed to perform DWM s due diligence on the portfolio 18  View more














Similar documents





ADELL, HARRIMAN & CARPENTER, INC. Investment Management & Financial Counsel



        ADELL, HARRIMAN & CARPENTER, INC. Investment Management & Financial Counsel Part 2A of Form ADV The Brochure 2700 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 1200 Houston, TX 77056 (713) 621-1155 www.ahcinvest.com Updated:    

        More information 




Tenaska Capital Management, LLC. March 30, 2015



        Tenaska Capital Management, LLC 14302 FNB Parkway Omaha, Nebraska 68154-5212 (402) 691-9500 www.tenaskacapital.com March 30, 2015 This Brochure provides information about the qualifications and business    

        More information 




F I R M B R O C H U R E



        Part 2A of Form ADV: F I R M B R O C H U R E Dated: 03/24/2015 Contact Information: Bob Pfeifer, Chief Compliance Officer Post Office Box 2509 San Antonio, TX 78299 2509 Phone Number: (210) 220 5070 Fax    

        More information 




Global Atlantic Wellington Research Managed Risk Portfolio (formerly FVIT Wellington Research Managed Risk Portfolio)



        Global Atlantic Wellington Research Managed Risk Portfolio (formerly FVIT Wellington Research Managed Risk Portfolio) Class II shares 1-877-881-7735 www.globalatlantic.com Summary Prospectus April 29,    

        More information 




Pope Asset Management 5100 Poplar Avenue Suite 805 Memphis TN,



        Item 1 Cover Page Pope Asset Management 5100 Poplar Avenue Suite 805 Memphis TN, 38137 901 763 4001 www.popeasset.com 12 31 2012 This Brochure provides information about the qualifications and business    

        More information 




Harry R. Holm, Financial Advisory Services, LLC One West Chestnut Street Hanover, Pennsylvania (717)



        Harry R. Holm, Financial Advisory Services, LLC One West Chestnut Street Hanover, Pennsylvania 17331 (717) 633-6844 March 31, 2011 This brochure provides information about the qualifications and business    

        More information 




Capped Certificates of Deposit Linked to the Dow Jones Industrial Average due August 28, 2024



        February 1, 2017 JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association Structured Investments Capped Certificates of Deposit Linked to the Dow Jones Industrial Average due August 28, 2024 The certificates of deposit    

        More information 




SAMPLE FUND, LP FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2015



        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTENTS INDEPENDENT AUDITOR S REPORT 1 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 2 CONDENSED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 3-4 STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 5 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN PARTNERS CAPITAL    

        More information 




G&G Planning Concepts, Inc. Part 2A of Form ADV The Brochure



        G&G Planning Concepts, Inc. Part 2A of Form ADV The Brochure 9 East 40 th Street, 15 th Floor, New York, NY 10016 www.gassmanfg.com Updated: March 28, 2014 This brochure provides information about the    

        More information 




POGSON & MATT WEALTH MANAGEMENT GROUP, LLC WRAP BROCHURE



        POGSON & MATT WEALTH MANAGEMENT GROUP, LLC WRAP BROCHURE 6930 E. CHAUNCEY LANE, SUITE 295 PHOENIX, AZ 85054 (602) 282-0189 March 30, 2016 This wrap fee program brochure provides information about the qualifications    

        More information 




Mutual of Omaha Investor Services, Inc. Mutual of Omaha Plaza Omaha, Nebraska [ ]  March 31, 2011



        Item 1 Cover Page Mutual of Omaha Investor Services, Inc. Mutual of Omaha Plaza Omaha, Nebraska 68175 1020 [402 351 5770] www.mutualofomaha.com/mois March 31, 2011 This Brochure provides information about    

        More information 




Part 2A of Form ADV: Firm Brochure



        Part 2A of Form ADV: Firm Brochure Item 1 Cover Page A. VL Capital Management LLC 55 West Church Street Orlando, FL 32801 Mailing Address: P.O. Box 1493 Orlando, FL 32802 Phone: (407) 412-6298 Effective    

        More information 




128 Union Street, Suite 507 New Bedford, MA (888)



        Wrap Fee Brochure September 8, 2014 128 Union Street, Suite 507 New Bedford, MA 02740 (888) 992-8601 www.barryinvestmentadvisors.com This wrap fee brochure provides information about the qualifications    

        More information 




Guidance Solutions from Scottrade Investment Management Wrap Fee



        Guidance Solutions from Scottrade Investment Management Wrap Fee Brochure Scottrade Investment Management 700 Maryville Centre Drive St. Louis, MO 63141 855.327.2253 www.scottradeinvestmentmanagement.com    

        More information 




FORM ADV PART 2 Brochure



        FORM ADV PART 2 Brochure Guardian Wealth Management, Inc. 311 SW Water Street Suite 210 Peoria, IL 61602 309/692 1460 Email: info@gwmanagers.com Website: www.gwmanagers.com March 31, 2015 This brochure    

        More information 




A guide to investing in structured products



        A guide to investing in structured products What you should know before you buy Before you make an investment decision, it is important to review your financial situation, investment objectives, risk tolerance,    

        More information 




Headquarters: 1620 Dodge Street Omaha, NE March 2016



        Headquarters: 1620 Dodge Street Omaha, NE 68197 877.458.0021 www.tributarycapital.com March 2016 This brochure provides information about the qualifications and business practices of Tributary Capital    

        More information 




LVIP PIMCO Low Duration Bond Fund. Summary Prospectus May 1, (Standard and Service Class) Investment Objective.



        LVIP PIMCO Low Duration Bond Fund (Standard and Service Class) Summary Prospectus May 1, 2016 Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s Prospectus, which contains more information about the    

        More information 




Goldman Sachs Funds SICAV Prospectus



        Goldman Sachs Funds SICAV Prospectus An undertaking for collective investment organised under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (S.I.C.A.V.). Supplement III to the Prospectus - Global Manager Strategies    

        More information 




Price to Public (1) Fees and Commissions (2) Proceeds to Issuer Per note $1,000 $ $ Total $ $ $



        The information in this preliminary pricing supplement is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary pricing supplement is not an offer to sell nor does it seek an offer to buy these securities    

        More information 




Part 2A Appendix 1 of Form ADV: Wrap Fee Program Brochure. Asset Advisory Account



        Part 2A Appendix 1 of Form ADV: Wrap Fee Program Brochure Asset Advisory Account Packerland Brokerage Services, Inc. 432 Security Blvd. Green Bay, WI 54313-9709 Telephone: 920-662-9500 Email: aarond@pbshq.com    

        More information 




SUPPLEMENT VIRTUS GF MULTI-SECTOR SHORT DURATION BOND FUND



        IF YOU ARE IN DOUBT ABOUT THE CONTENTS OF THIS PROSPECTUS YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR STOCKBROKER, BANK MANAGER, SOLICITOR, ACCOUNTANT OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR ( PROFESSIONAL ADVISORS ). The Directors    

        More information 




Solomon Hess SBA Management LLC 4301 North Fairfax Drive Arlington VA 22203 703.356.3333 www.solomonhess.com March 19, 2014



        Item 1 Cover Page Solomon Hess SBA Management LLC 4301 North Fairfax Drive Arlington VA 22203 703.356.3333 www.solomonhess.com March 19, 2014 Form ADV, Part 2; our Disclosure Brochure or Brochure as required    

        More information 




Important Information about a Fund of Hedge Funds



        Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Important Information about a Fund of Hedge Funds Fund of Hedge Fund Investing at Baird Baird offers eligible clients the opportunity to invest in funds of hedge funds    

        More information 




Summary Prospectus April 28, Curian/BlackRock Global Long Short Credit Fund



        Summary Prospectus April 28, 2014 Curian/BlackRock Global Long Short Credit Fund Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s Prospectus, which contains more information about the Fund and its    

        More information 




BMO Stable Value Fund disclosure statement



        BMO Stable Value Fund disclosure statement November 2016 Contact bmogam.com Overview A unit of the BMO Stable Value Fund (the Stable Value Fund or the Fund ) represents an interest in a collective investment    

        More information 




i-cthru Inc. Form ADV Part 2A Client Brochure



        i-cthru Inc. Tamarind Hill Road 33 Upper Prince s Quarter Saint Maarten, Dutch Caribbean Mailing address 1562 First Ave # 205-2863 New York, NY 10028-4004 USA http://www.i-cthru.com Form ADV Part 2A Client    

        More information 




Otter Creek Long/Short Opportunity Fund Institutional Class Ticker: OTTRX Investor Class Ticker: OTCRX. Summary Prospectus February 26, 2016



        Otter Creek Long/Short Opportunity Fund Institutional Class Ticker: OTTRX Investor Class Ticker: OTCRX Summary Prospectus February 26, 2016 Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s prospectus,    

        More information 




DECEMBER 8, 2010 FINANCIAL MARKETS UPDATE. SEC Proposes Rules Exempting Certain Private Fund Advisers from Investment Adviser Registration.



        December 8, 2010 FINANCIAL MARKETS UPDATE SEC Proposes Rules Exempting Certain Private Fund Advisers from Investment Adviser Registration The Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) has published    

        More information 




Unison Advisors LLC. The date of this brochure is March 29, 2012.



        Unison Advisors LLC 2032 Belmont Road NW, #619 Washington, DC 20009 T 646 290 7697 F 646 290 5477 www.unisonadvisors.com The date of this brochure is March 29, 2012. This brochure provides information    

        More information 




VERO Capital Management, LLC



        FORM ADV Uniform Application for Investment Adviser Registration Part 2A: Investment Adviser Brochure and Brochure Supplements Item 1: Cover Page 220 Fifth Ave. 19th Floor New York, NY 10001 (212) 991-1300    

        More information 




Part 2A of Form AVD: Firm Brochure



        Part 2A of Form AVD: Firm Brochure Montford Associates, Inc. 3500 Piedmont Road, NE, Suite 225 Atlanta, GA 30305 T: (404) 740-7470 F: (404) 740-7471 www.montfordassociates.com This brochure provides information    

        More information 




GUARDIAN SHORT DURATION BOND FUND



        GUARDIAN SHORT DURATION BOND FUND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2013 March 28, 2014 Independent Auditor s Report To the Unitholders and Trustee of Guardian Short Duration Bond Fund (the Fund) We have    

        More information 




NET WORTH ADVISORY GROUP. Registered Investment Advisor



        NET WORTH ADVISORY GROUP Registered Investment Advisor Form ADV Part 2A Investment Advisor Brochure NET WORTH ADVISORY GROUP, LLC Form ADV Part 2A Investment Advisor Brochure Name of Registered Investment    

        More information 




TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC (A wholly-owned subsidiary of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America) Statement of



        TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC (A wholly-owned subsidiary of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America) Statement of Financial Condition (Unaudited) Index Page(s) Financial    

        More information 




All Season Financial Advisors, Inc. All Season Financial Advisors, Inc.



        Item 1 Cover Page All Season Financial Advisors, Inc. SEC File Number: 801 16626 All Season Financial Advisors, Inc. Brochure Dated 3/12/2015 Contact: Samuel F. Jones, Chief Compliance Officer 731 Sherman    

        More information 




A GUIDE TO INVESTING IN STRUCTURED PRODUCTS



        A GUIDE TO INVESTING IN STRUCTURED PRODUCTS What you should know before you buy In very general terms, Structured Products are investment vehicles whose value is derived from, or based on, a reference    

        More information 




Important information about structured products



        Important information about structured products Disclosure Highlights A structured product is an unsecured obligation of an issuer with a return, generally paid at maturity, that is linked to the performance    

        More information 




TIMBERCREEK MORTGAGE INVESTMENT CORPORATION



        Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements of TIMBERCREEK MORTGAGE INVESTMENT CORPORATION (Unaudited) Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Net Assets (Unaudited) June 30, December 31,    

        More information 




SUMMARY PROSPECTUS. BlackRock Funds SM



        OCTOBER 3, 2016 SUMMARY PROSPECTUS BlackRock Funds SM Investor and Institutional Shares BlackRock Money Market Portfolio Investor A: PINXX Investor B: CIBXX Investor C: BMCXX Institutional: PNIXX Before    

        More information 




ABN AMRO CLEARING CHICAGO LLC. Statement of Financial Condition. June 30, 2016



        Statement of Financial Condition Statement of Financial Condition Assets Cash $ 126,938,916 Cash segregated under federal and other regulations 672,029,869 Securities purchased under agreements to resell    

        More information 




Item 2 Material Changes



        Item 1 Cover Page Prutzman Wealth Management, LLC dba Prutzman Wealth Management 201 W. Liberty Street, Suite 207 Reno, NV 89501 (800) 865-4202 www.prutzmanwm.com 8/31/2015 This Brochure provides information    

        More information 




Form ADV Part 2A Brochure



        Item 1 Cover Page Form ADV Part 2A Brochure Integrated Financial Planning, P.C. 450 S. Camino del Rio, Suite 205, Durango, CO 81301 (970) 259 6739 www.paullemon.com January 09, 2015 This Brochure provides    

        More information 




This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold shares of the Fund.



        Summary Prospectus Alpine Small Cap Fund Institutional Class: ADINX Class A: ADIAX February 28, 2017 Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s Prospectus, which contains more information about    

        More information 




GOVERNMENT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA OFFICE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OFFICE OF FINANCE AND TREASURY REPORT ON



        GOVERNMENT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA OFFICE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OFFICE OF FINANCE AND TREASURY REPORT ON THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 529 COLLEGE SAVINGS PROGRAM TRUST PARTICIPANT AND ADMINISTRATIVE    

        More information 




SUMMARY PROSPECTUS. BlackRock Liquidity Funds Private Client Shares New York Money Fund Private Client: BYPXX FEBRUARY 28, 2017



        FEBRUARY 28, 2017 SUMMARY PROSPECTUS BlackRock Liquidity Funds Private Client Shares New York Money Fund Private Client: BYPXX Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s prospectus, which contains    

        More information 




Pillar Wealth Management, LLC. Client Brochure



        Pillar Wealth Management, LLC. Client Brochure This brochure provides information about the qualifications and business practices of Pillar Wealth Management, LLC.. If you have any questions about the    

        More information 




Brown Advisory WMC Japan Alpha Opportunities Fund Class/Ticker: Institutional Shares / BAFJX



        Summary Prospectus October 31, 2016 Brown Advisory WMC Japan Alpha Opportunities Fund Class/Ticker: Institutional Shares / BAFJX Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s Prospectus, which contains    

        More information 




Bollinger. Capital Management



        Bollinger, Inc. 1200 Aviation Blvd. Suite 201 Redondo Beach, CA 90278 310-798-8855 www.bollingercapital.com Investment Advisor Brochure (Form ADV Part 2A) Updated December 2015 Item 1 Cover Page This Brochure    

        More information 




SUPPLEMENT DATED JANUARY 31, 2014 TO THE SUMMARY PROSPECTUS FOR PACIFIC LIFE FUNDS PL MONEY MARKET FUND CLASS A, B AND C SHARES DATED AUGUST 1, 2013



        SUPPLEMENT DATED JANUARY 31, 2014 TO THE SUMMARY PROSPECTUS FOR PACIFIC LIFE FUNDS PL MONEY MARKET FUND CLASS A, B AND C SHARES DATED AUGUST 1, 2013 This supplement revises the PL Money Market Fund Class    

        More information 




FORM ADV PART 2A BROCHURE



        November 4, 2015 FORM ADV PART 2A BROCHURE Thornburg Investment Management, Inc. 2300 North Ridgetop Road, Santa Fe, NM 87506 www.thornburg.com 1-800-533-9337 This brochure provides information about the    

        More information 




ADVISORSHARES NEWFLEET MULTI-SECTOR INCOME ETF (NYSE Arca Ticker: MINC) SUMMARY PROSPECTUS November 1, 2016



        ADVISORSHARES NEWFLEET MULTI-SECTOR INCOME ETF (NYSE Arca Ticker: MINC) SUMMARY PROSPECTUS November 1, 2016 Before you invest in the AdvisorShares Fund, you may want to review the Fund s prospectus and    

        More information 




Sponsored By: ValMark Advisers, Inc. 130 Springside Drive, Suite 300 Akron, Ohio 44333-2431 www.valmarksecurities.com



        ACCESS PLUS Wrap Fee Program Disclosure Document to be presented with ValMark Advisers, Inc. ADV Part 2A Sponsored By: ValMark Advisers, Inc. 130 Springside Drive, Suite 300 Akron, Ohio 44333-2431 www.valmarksecurities.com    

        More information 




SUMMARY PROSPECTUS. BlackRock Funds II Service Shares BlackRock Low Duration Bond Portfolio Service: CMGBX JANUARY 27, 2017



        JANUARY 27, 2017 SUMMARY PROSPECTUS BlackRock Funds II Service Shares BlackRock Low Duration Bond Portfolio Service: CMGBX Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s prospectus, which contains    

        More information 




TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC Statement of Financial Condition December 31, 2014



        TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC Statement of Financial Condition Index Page(s) Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm...... 1 Financial Statement Statement of Financial Condition...    

        More information 




COLLEGE SAVINGS RISK TOLERANCE QUESTIONNAIRE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE. As of August 17, 2015



        COLLEGE SAVINGS RISK TOLERANCE QUESTIONNAIRE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE As of August 17, 2015 I. Asset Allocation Questionnaire Introduction How you allocate your money among stocks, bonds, and short-term    

        More information 




March 9, 2011. Additional information about Edward Vance also is available on the SEC s website at www.adviserinfo.sec.gov



        Item 1 Cover Page EVIM, LLC dba Edward Vance Investment Management Business contact: Edward Vance 2607 Vineville Ave. Suite 104 Macon, GA 31204 vanceinvestments.com edwardvanceinvestmentmanagement.com    

        More information 




SUMMARY PROSPECTUS SAAT Aggressive Strategy Fund (SSGAX) Class F (formerly Class A)



        July 31, 2016, as most recently updated January 31, 2017 SUMMARY PROSPECTUS SAAT Aggressive Strategy Fund (SSGAX) Class F (formerly Class A) Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s prospectus,    

        More information 




OneAmerica Funds, Inc.



        Prospectus for OneAmerica Funds, Inc. Products and financial services provided by: American United Life Insurance Company a OneAmerica company P.O. Box 6148, Indianapolis, Indiana 46206-6148 Telephone:    

        More information 




PRINCIPAL LIFETIME HYBRID COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT FUNDS DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT



        PRINCIPAL LIFETIME HYBRID COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT FUNDS DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT Investment information provided in this summary is as of March 31, 2016. Trustee and other information is as of January 1, 2017.    

        More information 




ARCHER INVESTMENT SERIES TRUST ARCHER DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND



        ARCHER INVESTMENT SERIES TRUST ARCHER DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND Ticker Symbol ARDGX SUMMARY PROSPECTUS September 1, 2016 The Securities and Exchange Commission has not approved or disapproved these securities    

        More information 




Statement of Financial Condition



        Statement of Financial Condition December 31, 2015 Vanguard Marketing Corporation (a wholly owned subsidiary of The Vanguard Group, Inc.) This page is intentionally left blank  Vanguard Marketing Corporation    

        More information 




ADVISORSHARES GARTMAN GOLD/EURO ETF (NYSE Arca Ticker: GEUR) SUMMARY PROSPECTUS November 1, 2016



        ADVISORSHARES GARTMAN GOLD/EURO ETF (NYSE Arca Ticker: GEUR) SUMMARY PROSPECTUS November 1, 2016 Before you invest in the AdvisorShares Fund, you may want to review the Fund s prospectus and statement    

        More information 




Specific Compliance Issues of Advisers to Mutual Funds



        Specific Compliance Issues of Advisers to Mutual Funds April 18, 2001 Pamela J. Wilson Hale and Dorr LLP 1 Special Compliance Duties of Mutual Fund Advisers Additional investment restrictions Portfolio    

        More information 




Catalyst/Princeton Floating Rate Income Fund Class A: CFRAX Class C: CFRCX Class I: CFRIX SUMMARY PROSPECTUS NOVEMBER 1, 2015



        Catalyst/Princeton Floating Rate Income Fund Class A: CFRAX Class C: CFRCX Class I: CFRIX SUMMARY PROSPECTUS NOVEMBER 1, 2015 Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s complete prospectus, which    

        More information 




Fidelity U.S. Money Market Fund



        Fidelity U.S. Money Market Fund Annual Management Report of Fund Performance June 30, 2016 Caution Regarding Forward-looking Statements Certain portions of this report, including, but not limited to, Results    

        More information 




DOMINION PARTNERS, L.P. (U.S. ONSHORE FUND) Sample Financial Statements Illustrative Purposes Only



        DOMINION PARTNERS, L.P. (U.S. ONSHORE FUND) Sample Financial Statements Illustrative Purposes Only Audited Financial Statements Year ended December 31, 2007 with Report of Independent Auditors Financial    

        More information 




Capped Buffered Return Enhanced Notes Linked to the EURO STOXX 50 Index due September 29, 2017



        Registration Statement No. 333-199966 Dated September 1, 2015 Rule 433 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Structured Investments Capped Buffered Return Enhanced Notes Linked to the EURO STOXX 50 due September 29, 2017    

        More information 




VERDE WEALTH GROUP, LLC



        VERDE WEALTH GROUP, LLC 2323 S. Shepherd Dr. Suite 845 Houston, TX 77019 www.verdewealthgroup.com This brochure provides information about the qualifications and business practices of Verde Wealth Group,    

        More information 




Atlas Capital Group, LLC. Form ADV Part 2A Appendix 1: Wrap Fee Program Brochure. W3561 County Road O Appleton, WI 54913. Telephone: 920-659-1202



        Atlas Capital Group, LLC Form ADV Part 2A Appendix 1: Wrap Fee Program Brochure W3561 County Road O Appleton, WI 54913 Telephone: 920-659-1202 This wrap fee brochure provides information about the qualifications    

        More information 




FALMOUTH INVESTMENT COMPANY, INC Chagrin Blvd, Suite 300 Shaker Heights, OH 44122



        Part 2A of Form ADV: Firm Brochure FALMOUTH INVESTMENT COMPANY, INC. 20820 Chagrin Blvd, Suite 300 Shaker Heights, OH 44122 Telephone (216) 491-3990 Fax (216) 491-3995 FORM ADV PART 2 A MARCH 28, 2011    

        More information 




6-Year USD Call Spread Notes on the 5 Year USD Swap Rate



        6-Year USD Call Spread Notes on the 5 Year USD Swap Rate - NON-US INVESTORS ONLY - - PRIVATE PLACEMENT ONLY - NO PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION - Final Termsheet as of November 2, 2015 (Version 2.00) All material    

        More information 




CGCM International Fixed Income Investments (TIFUX)



        CGCM International Fixed Income Investments (TIFUX) Objective: Seeks to maximize current income consistent with capital preservation OVERVIEW Pacific Investment Management Company (PIMCO), the fund s sole    

        More information 




CRYSTAL WEALTH HIGH YIELD MORTGAGE STRATEGY



        Semi-Annual Financial Statements of CRYSTAL WEALTH HIGH YIELD MORTGAGE STRATEGY June 30, 2016 (Unaudited) TABLE OF CONTENTS June 30, 2016 Page Statements of Financial Position Statements of Comprehensive    

        More information 




NATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES LLC STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



        STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors of    

        More information 




Pillar Wealth Management, LLC. Client Brochure



        Pillar Wealth Management, LLC. Client Brochure This brochure provides information about the qualifications and business practices of Pillar Wealth Management, LLC.. If you have any questions about the    

        More information 




WEALTH PLANNING SERVICES SEC Number: DISCLOSURE BROCHURE



        WEALTH PLANNING SERVICES SEC Number: 801-43561 DISCLOSURE BROCHURE AUGUST 15, 2016 This Brochure provides information about the qualifications and business practices of Century Securities Associates, Inc.    

        More information 




Form ADV Part 2A. Brochure Cover Page. Franklin Street Advisors, Inc. 801-39635



        Form ADV Part 2A Brochure Cover Page Franklin Street Advisors, Inc. 801-39635 1450 Raleigh Road Suite 300 Chapel Hill, NC 27517 Phone: (919)489-2600 Email: compliance@franklin-street.com Web: www.franklin-street.com    

        More information 




Webster Wealth Advisors, Inc.



        Webster Wealth Advisors, Inc. 195 Danbury Road, Suite 220 Davenport Building Wilton, CT 06897 (888) 862 9644 www.websterwealthadvisors.com March 30, 2015 This Brochure provides information about the qualifications    

        More information 




TD Mutual Funds Fund Profiles



        TD Mutual Funds Fund Profiles Fixed Income Funds TD Short Term Bond Fund TD Mortgage Fund TD Canadian Bond Fund TD Canadian Core Plus Bond Fund TD Corporate Bond Capital Yield Fund July 23, 2008 TD Real    

        More information 




Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities Bureau of Securities Division of Licensing, Compliance and Examinations



        Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities Bureau of Securities Division of Licensing, Compliance and Examinations Investment Adviser Self-Inspection Checklist November 2015 Investment    

        More information 




IPS RIA, LLC CRD No. 172840



        IPS RIA, LLC CRD No. 172840 ADVISORY CLIENT BROCHURE 10000 N. Central Expressway Suite 1100 Dallas, Texas 75231 O: 214.443.2400 F: 214-443.2424 FORM ADV PART 2A BROCHURE 1/26/2015 This brochure provides    

        More information 




A Guide to Investing in Market Linked Investments



        A Guide to Investing in Market Linked Investments What you should know before you buy Before you make an investment decision, it is important to review your financial situation, investment objectives,    

        More information 




Sacramento Transportation Authority Interest Rate Swap Policy



        Sacramento Transportation Authority Interest Rate Swap Policy I. Introduction: The purpose of the Interest Rate Swap Policy of the Sacramento Transportation Authority (STA) is to establish guidelines for    

        More information 




Interim Unaudited Financial Statements of. Six-Month Periods ended June 30, 2014 and 2013



        Interim Unaudited Financial Statements of VPI MORTGAGE POOL Six-Month Periods ended June 30, 2014 and 2013 NOTICE OF NO AUDITOR REVIEW OF INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Value Partners Investments Inc., the    

        More information 




Danison & Associates, Inc. 2150 Tremont Center Columbus, Ohio 43221 (614)-487-6040 March 31, 2011



        Item 1 Cover Page Danison & Associates, Inc. 2150 Tremont Center Columbus, Ohio 43221 (614)-487-6040 March 31, 2011 This Brochure provides information about the qualifications and business practices of    

        More information 




HVB FUNDING TRUST VIII AND SUBSIDIARY. Consolidated Financial Statements. December 31, 2009 and (With Independent Auditors Report Thereon)



        Consolidated Financial Statements (With Independent Auditors Report Thereon) Table of Contents Page Independent Auditors Report 1 Consolidated Balance Sheets 2 Consolidated Statements of Income 3 Consolidated    

        More information 




ADVI Advisors, LLC 1050 K Street, NW Suite 340 Washington, DC 20001 Tel 202.509.0761. This brochure was last updated on March 18, 2014



        ADVI Advisors, LLC 1050 K Street, NW Suite 340 Washington, DC 20001 Tel 202.509.0761 This brochure was last updated on March 18, 2014 This brochure provides information about the investment advisory qualifications    

        More information 




Amy V. Smith Wealth Management, LLC



        Amy V. Smith Wealth Management, LLC 161 Fort Evans Road, NE Suite 345 Leesburg, VA 20176 Phone: (703) 669-5022 Fax: (540) 301-0015 Website: www.amysmithwealthmanagement.com Email: amy.v.smith@raymondjames.com    

        More information 




db x-trackers MSCI World Energy Index UCITS ETF (DR) Supplement to the Prospectus



        db x-trackers MSCI World Energy Index UCITS ETF (DR) Supplement to the Prospectus This Supplement contains information in relation to the db x-trackers MSCI World Energy Index UCITS ETF (DR) (the Fund    

        More information 




Form ADV Part 2A Disclosure Brochure



        Form ADV Part 2A Disclosure Brochure Effective: February 3, 2014 This Disclosure Brochure provides information about the qualifications and business practices of Congress Capital Partners, LLP ( Congress    

        More information 




Personal Capital Advisors Corporation



        Form ADV Part 2A Appendix 1 Personal Capital Advisors Wrap Fee Program Brochure Personal Capital Advisors Corporation 500 Howard Street, Suite 400 San Francisco, CA 94105 855-855- 8005 www.personalcapital.com    

        More information 




Goldman Sachs Bank USA Coupon Basket-Linked Certificates of Deposit (Linked to an Equally-Weighted Basket Comprised of Stocks)



        Product Supplement to the Disclosure Statement dated December 19, 2011 No. 2 Goldman Sachs Bank USA Coupon Basket-Linked Certificates of Deposit (Linked to an Equally-Weighted Basket Comprised of Stocks)    

        More information 




QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS AUGUST 7, 2014 INVITATION TO TENDER BONDS



        QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS AUGUST 7, 2014 INVITATION TO TENDER BONDS CITY OF DETROIT, MICHIGAN DETROIT WATER AND SEWERAGE DEPARTMENT SEWAGE DISPOSAL SYSTEM BONDS AND WATER SUPPLY SYSTEM BONDS [THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY    

        More information 




Thrivent Series Fund, Inc.



        Thrivent Series Fund, Inc. Prospectus April 30, 2016 Thrivent Aggressive Allocation Portfolio Thrivent Moderately Aggressive Allocation Portfolio Thrivent Moderate Allocation Portfolio Thrivent Moderately    

        More information 




Putnam Stable Value Fund



        Putnam Stable Value Fund Offering Statement 3 15 16 Goal 2 What is Putnam Stable Value Fund? 2 Investment strategy 2 Risks of the Fund 5 Eligibility 6 Fund provisions 7 Fees and Expenses 9 Putnam Fiduciary    

        More information 




BANK OF MONTREAL CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME



        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME (Unaudited) (Canadian $ in millions except per share amounts) For the three months ended For the six months ended April 30, January 31, October 31, July 31, April 30, April    

        More information 




Wise Planning, Inc. 1401 Tower Road, Winnetka, IL 60093 847-834-9473 www.wiseplanninginc.com March 10, 2016



        Item 1 Cover Page Wise Planning, Inc. 1401 Tower Road, Winnetka, IL 60093 847-834-9473 www.wiseplanninginc.com March 10, 2016 This Brochure provides information about the qualifications and business practices    

        More information 




Notes to the parent company financial statements



        Notes to the parent company financial statements (a) Significant accounting policies Basis of preparation The separate financial statements of the company are presented as required by the Companies Act    

        More information 




INVESTOR INFORMATION SCHEDULE 18 July 2014 THE EUROPEAN INVESTMENT TRUST PLC



        INVESTOR INFORMATION SCHEDULE 18 July 2014 THE EUROPEAN INVESTMENT TRUST PLC The European Investment Trust plc (the Company ) is registered in England & Wales as a public limited company and its shares    

        More information 


















                2017 © DocPlayer.net Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Feedback



















DWM, Simpson Ltd


















Cart ContentsCheckoutMy Account 



  Top » Catalog » Lugers » DWM


DWM

 


Result Pages: [<< Prev]   1  2  3  4  5 ...  [Next >>] 
Displaying 41 to 60 (of 345 products)


     Product Name+ InventoryNumber Price           DWM 1906 COMMERCIAL9mm Luger; 85% blue, 10% straw, fair bore, fair grips, 4'' barrel, Original blue finish, strawed small parts and checkered walnut grips. The numbered parts are matching. Proper unmarked wood bottom magazine. The grip are not numbered. Stamped on top of the toggle with the DWM logo. The front grip strap is stamped with a number D3084. No other markings or proofs. The metal finish shows edge and high point wear, with some minor pittng on the left side frame and top edge and hump on the sideplate. The grip straps have worn to a blue/patina mix with minor surface spotting. The grips show wear and handling, with left panel having a chip missing below the safety lever. Mechanically fine. The bore is worn showing corrosion throughout. C&R/FFL, s/n 276xx,  Catalog Number D-273    D13018 $1,995.00    DWM 1906 COMMERCIAL9mm Luger; 95% blue, 70% straw, excellent bore, good grips, 4'' barrel, Original blue finish, strawed small parts and checkered walnut grips. BUG proofed. All numbered parts are matching and proper. Unmarked wood bottom magazine. Mechanically fine, clean sharp bore. From the collection of Dr. Geoffrey L. Sturgess. C&R/FFL, s/n 531xx,  Catalog Number D-169    D13906 $3,750.00    DWM 1906 COMMERCIAL30 Luger; 97% blue, 92% straw, good bore, excellent grips, 4.75'' barrel, Original blue finish, strawed small parts and checkered walnut grips. Numbered parts are matching. Proper unmarked wood bottom magazine. DWM monogram on top of toggle. Crown/N proofed. The metal finish shows light sharp edge and high point wear. Mechanically fine. C&R/FFL, s/n 636xx,  Catalog Number D-37    C26326 $4,500.00    DWM 1906 COMMERCIAL9mm Luger; 85% blue, 85% straw, very good bore, good grips, 4'' barrel, Old refinish, blue with original strawed small parts and matching number checkered walnut grips. Crown/BUG proofed. DWM monogram on top of toggle. Original unmarked wood bottom magazine in very good condition. The metal finish shows some high point holster wear. Tiny spots of pitting on the sideplate, left side edge of the muzzle ring and right side edge of the toggle housing. Includes an extra original military magazine serial numbered on the wood bottom 6677 and a nickel plated brass oil bottle marked on the bottom "MADE IN U.S.A.". Mechanically fine. C&R/FFL, s/n 265xx,  Catalog Number D-42    C26673 $2,250.00    DWM 1906 COMMERCIAL9mm Luger; 97% blue, 80% straw, good bore, good grips, 4'' barrel, BUG proofs.  Proper plain wood bottom magazine.  Un-numbered takedown lever.  Rare 3 digit serial number, just after the 1907 MG Detachment pistols.  This gun appears on p. 312 of The Borchardt & Luger Automatic Pistols by Joachim Gortz & Dr. Geoffrey Sturgess. C&R/FFL, s/n 2xx,  Catalog Number D-206    C27816 $7,900.00    DWM 1906 COMMERCIAL30 Cal; 97% blue, 97% straw, excellent bore, excellent grips, 4 3/4'' barrel, Swiss Cross in sunburst chamber mark. BUG proofed, very rare Gesichert saftey marking. Leather-bound presentation case with brass fittings and velvet lined interior. Includes 3 excellent magazines, 2 boxes of 1936 dated Swiss military ammo, Swiss cleaning set, 4mm conversion set with ammo, takedown tool and Swiss Luger shooting award metal (Swiss town of Moudon). A very rare Swiss variation cased in exceptional condition., s/n 260xx,  Catalog Number D-137    C30465 $6,500.00    DWM 1906 COMMERCIAL BRITISH PROOFED30 Luger; 75% blue, fair bore, good grips, 4.75'' barrel, British proofed along the bottom of the barrel and right side of receiver. Blued finish, strawed small parts, checkered walnut grips. Numbered parts matching. Crown/N commercial proofing. Magazine is not proper, wood bottom being serial numbered and non-matching. Metal finish and grips show wear and handling. Bore frosted and shows wear. Mechanically fine. Import marked. C&R/FFL, s/n 635xx,  Catalog Number D-49    Z34935 $2,795.00    DWM 1906 COMMERCIAL LONG FRAME30 Luger; 94% blue, 85% straw, good bore, good grips, 4.75'' barrel, Scarce Long Frame M1906 with original blue finish, strawed small parts and matching number checkered walnut grips. Numbered parts are matching. Proper unmarked wood bottom magazine. DWM monogram on top of toggle. Commercial crown/B, U and G proofs. The metal finish shows light edge and high point wear. Mechanically fine. Includes a contemporary reproduction leather covered display case with purple felt lined fitted interior in excellent condition. Two extra original commercial magazines. And an opened box of DWM 7,65 ammunition which is in excellent condition, full labels and clean ammo. C&R/FFL, s/n 327xx,  Catalog Number D-356    C28603 $3,500.00    DWM 1906 FRENCH30 Luger; 98% blue, 95% straw, very good bore, very good grips, 4.75'' barrel, Original blued finish, strawed small parts and checkered walnut grips. Numbered parts are matching. DWM monogram on top of toggle. Commercial crown/N proofed. Top of barrel is marked "Manufacture Francaise d'Armes & Cycles de Saint-Etienne". Proper unmarked wood bottom magazine. The metal finish shows some minor sharp edge wear. Takedown lever has some light corrosion along the bottom edge. Mechanically fine. Includes a contemporary wooden display box with fitted red felt lined interior, with two extra original unmarked wood bottom commerical magazines, a period box of 50 rounds ammunition in good opened condition, a few mixed vintage rounds, DWM and RM. Original takedown tool and pin punch tool. Also includes the key for the box. C&R/FFL, s/n 518xx,  Catalog Number D-337    C29800 $8,000.00    DWM 1906 M2 PORTUGESE30 LUGER; 94% blue, 87% straw, very good bore, good grips, 4.75'' barrel, Matching. Proper magazine. Small chip missing on left grip under safety lever. Rig, includes original holster in Very Good condition marked on back body AE and A6E 2354 along leading edge., s/n 8xx,  Catalog Number D-234    C10439 $3,195.00    DWM 1906 M2 PORTUGESE9 mm; 90% blue, 60% straw, excellent bore, very good grips, 4.75'' barrel, Proper Portuguese wood bottom magazine with triangle in circle proof. C&R/FFL, s/n 19xx,  Catalog Number D-314    D13748 $2,750.00    DWM 1906 M2 PORTUGUESE30 Luger; 80% blue, 10% straw, fair bore, good grips, 4.75'' barrel, Original blue finish, strawed small parts and checkered walnut grips. The numbered parts are matching. Complete with the proper un-numbered wood bottom magazine which is stamped on the tail of the base with the Portuguese circle/triangle mark. The top of the toggle is stamped with the DWM monogram. The top of the chamber is stamped with the Portuguese Crown/M2 crest. Portuguese circle/triangle proofs appear on the left side of the receiver, back of the frame and on the bottom of the barrel. Condition: Good overall for this variation. The metal finish shows edge and high point wear, and areas of thinning. There is some browning on the grip frame straps along with some minor spotting. The straw color is weak but uniform on the small parts. The grips show wear to the checkering and areas of compression. Mechanically fine. The bore has strong rifling however is dark throughout. C&R/FFL, s/n 3xx,  Catalog Number D-306    C18415 $2,395.00    DWM 1906 NAVY COMMERCIAL9mm Luger; 98% blue, 80% straw, excellent bore, good grips, 6'' barrel, Grip Safety. 100/200 Meter Navy rear sight.  Proper Navy wood bottom magazine with concentric rings.  With Navy rod in a contemporary fitted wood case., ,  Catalog Number D-312    C30566 $10,750.00    DWM 1906 PORTUGUESE30 LUGER; 90% blue, 50% straw, fair bore, fair grips, 4.75'' barrel, Marked on top of the toggle "DWM". The crest has been removed from the top of the chamber. The numbered parts are matching except the right grip panel which is unnumbered and E/63 proofed and the hold open. The takedown lever and toggle assembly appear to have been renumbered to match. The breechbolt has the number ground off and has an Imperial military acceptance stamp on the left side. The Portuguese circled triangle proof appears on the right side of the receiver, bottom of the barrel and on the magazine base. The metal and straw have been refinished over some minor to light pitting, with the finish turning a blue/patina mix in some areas. The grips show wear with minor dings and the left grip panel has a chip missing under the safety lever. Mechanically good., s/n 32xx,  Catalog Number D-171    D11990 $1,795.00    DWM 1906 PORTUGUESE30 Luger; 80% blue, fair bore, fair grips, 4.75'' barrel, Original blue finish except on the sideplate which has been touched up, fitted with original checkered wood grips. The small parts are all matching. The grips are not matching, the right panel being numbered walnut and the left panel being un-numbered beechwood. The magazine is not proper, being an Erfurt proofed WW1 era magazine. The top of the toggle is stamped with the DWM logo. The top of the chamber has been ground with touched up finish in that area. The left side of the receiver and back of the frame are stamped with the small circled triangle. The metal finish shows edge wear, with thinning and dull finish overall. The strawed small parts have faded to gray. The grips show wear to the points on the checkering, and the left panel is not fitted well for the grip safety, with a chip missing under the safety lever. Mechanically fine, the bore has strong rifling, showing frost throughout. C&R/FFL, s/n 24xx,  Catalog Number D-120    D12566 $1,995.00    DWM 1906 PORTUGUESE M2 CROWN30 Luger; 95% blue, 80% straw, very good bore, good grips, 4.75'' barrel, 4 3/4 inch .30 caliber barrel, "Crown/M2" Portuguese crest on top of the chamber. DWM scroll on top of center toggle link. Portuguese triangle in circle inspection/acceptance stamped on left side of receiver, bottom of barrel and back of the frame. Original wood bottom magazine with triangle in circle on the rear of the base. Grip safety. Checkered walnut grips. All numbered parts are matching. This pistol is featured on pages 570, 606 and 678 of the book "Borchardt & Luger Automatic Pistols" by Joachim Gortz and Dr. Geoffrey Sturgess. From the collection of Dr. Geoffrey Sturgess. Very good over all condition. The bore is sharp with very light frosting. Grips are moderately worn with a few compressions to the checkering. Magazine in excellent condition. Mechanics are sound. Import marked on the bottom of the frame. C&R/FFL, s/n 32xx,  Catalog Number D-345    C25735 $2,500.00    DWM 1906 PORTUGUESE M2 CROWN30 Luger; 85% blue, 40% straw, fair bore, fair grips, 4.75'' barrel, Original blue finish, strawed small parts and matching number checkered walnut grips. Proper sheet steel wood bottom magazine, un-numbered, with the Portuguese circled triangle proof on the base. DWM monogram on top of toggle. Portuguese crown/M2 crest on top of chamber. Portuguese circled triangle proofs appear on the bottom of the barrel, left side of receiver and back of frame. The metal finish has high area holster and edge wear. Grips have worn points on the checkering, the right panel has a compression and hairline crack near the upper front corner. Mechanically fine. Rig, includes an original leather holster in fair condition, intact, the leather dry, stamped inside the back "AE", brass stud flap closures, hand written under the flap with a non-matching serial number. C&R/FFL, s/n 7xx,  Catalog Number D-293    C27848 $2,590.00    DWM 1906 PORTUGUESE M2 CROWN30 Luger; 85% blue, 50% straw, fair bore, fair grips, 4.75'' barrel, Original blue finish, strawed small parts and checkered walnut grips. Proper sheet steel wood bottom magazine, un-numbered, with a faint Portuguese circled triangle proof on the base. DWM monogram on top of toggle. Portuguese crown/M2 crest on top of chamber. Portuguese circled triangle proofs also appear on the bottom of the barrel, left side of receiver and back of frame. The metal finish shows high point holster wear, with thinning and browning on the grip straps. The left grip panel has a glue repaired small chip under the safety lever. The magazine base is cracked across the rear with a chip of wood missing on the left side base ring. Mechanically fine. Rig, includes an original leather holster in over all good condition, missing the internal lifting strap, stamped on the back "AE". C&R/FFL, s/n 7xx,  Catalog Number D-299    C27849 $2,590.00    DWM 1906 PORTUGUESE NAVY9mm Luger; 90% blue, 70% straw, Good bore, good grips, 4'' barrel, This pistol was part of a Portuguese navy contract placed with DWM in 1909 for 350 pistols, known as the M/910 model in Portugal, and serial numbered 1-350. An interesting bit of history with this contract variation, while DWM was filling this order a revolution took place in Portugal. The Monarchy was replaced by a Republic. DWM was asked to change the Royal Crown crest originally stamped on the chamber to R.P. (Republica Portugesa). Evidently while in service with Portugal the earlier pistols of this contract retained the Royal Crown crest. Original blue finish, strawed small parts and checkered walnut grips. The numbered parts are matching. Complete with the proper un-numbered wood bottom magazine marked along the base "Cal. 9m/m". The takedown lever is a replacement, probably while in service with Portugal. Stamped on top of the toggle with the DWM monogram, the chamber has the Crown/Anchor crest. The left side of the receiver is stamped with the MP acceptance mark. The safety area marking on the left side of the toggle housing is left in the white. The extractor is marked CARREGADA. There are no German commercial proofs. Condition: Very good for this variation. The metal finish shows edge and high point holster wear, with light surface spotting overall, especially on the grip frame straps. The straw color on the small parts is uniform with most of the parts having some level of dark spotting. The grips show wear and handling though the checkering remains well defined. The magazine has some spotting and a hairline crack across the back of the tail, the base remains tight. Mechanically fine. The bore has shine and strong rifling, showing some minor pitting. One of a consecutively numbered pair we have in stock. C&R/FFL, s/n 7,  Catalog Number D-296    D13413 $4,995.00    DWM 1906 PORTUGUESE NAVY9mm Luger; 80% blue, 10% straw, fair bore, good grips, 4'' barrel, This pistol was part of a Portuguese navy contract placed with DWM in 1909 for 350 pistols, known as the M/910 model in Portugal, and serial numbered 1-350. An interesting bit of history with this contract variation, while DWM was filling this order a revolution took place in Portugal. The Monarchy was replaced by a Republic. DWM was asked to change the Royal Crown crest originally stamped on the chamber to R.P. (Republica Portugesa). Evidently while in service with Portugal the earlier pistols of this contract retained the Royal Crown crest. Original blue finish, strawed small parts and checkered walnut grips. The numbered parts are matching. The sideplate and trigger are not numbered. Complete with an original un-numbered wood bottom magazine. Stamped on top of the toggle with the DWM monogram, the chamber has the Crown/Anchor crest. The left side of the receiver is stamped with the MP acceptance mark. The safety area marking on the left side of the toggle housing is left in the white. The extractor is not marked, replaced while in service. There are no German commercial proofs. Condition:  Good for this variation. The metal finish shows edge and high point holster wear, with surface spotting overall and areas of browning  especially on the grip frame straps. The straw color on the small parts is weak with most of the parts having some dark spotting. The grips show wear and handling. Mechanically fine. The bore shows wear, has strong rifling, with minor pitting and corrosion throughout. One of a consecutively numbered pair we have in stock. C&R/FFL, s/n 8,  Catalog Number D-297    D13414 $3,995.00   


Result Pages: [<< Prev]   1  2  3  4  5 ...  [Next >>] 
Displaying 41 to 60 (of 345 products)



 

 Categories What's NewEdged Weapons->Firearm Accessories->Hand Guns->Long Guns->Lugers->  American Eagle  Artillery  Banner  Black Widow  Dutch  DWM  Erfurt  Interarms  Krieghoff  Luger Accessories  Mauser  Miscellaneous  Navy  One of a Kind  Post-War  Simson  SwissMilitaria->Other Items->Printed Materials->Scale Model Firearms
 What's New? WINCHESTER 69A$375.00
 Quick Find    Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search  
 Information About UsContact UsConsignmentsGun Show ScheduleImportsExportsLuger Appraisal ServiceOrder PoliciesOther Links 

Order 
  Policies | Other 
  Links | Contact 
  Us | About Us 
  | Cart Contents
  | Site Map
    

Copyright © 2017 Simpson LtdPowered by osCommerce


 












BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    





Search




Firm Name







Active firms only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Firm Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/firm/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Fixed Fees (14,450)



Hourly Charges (12,502)



Performance-Based Fees (6,657)



None (3,396)



Fee Only (75)






Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (22,026)



1M - 10M (4,729)



10M - 100M (9,354)



100M - 500M (5,820)



1B - 10B (2,642)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (24,601)



100K - 500K (11,251)



500K - 1M (3,090)



1M - 10M (3,577)



10M - 100M (2,704)






Financial Advisory Firm Search Results


48,033 results










Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
Ny, NY



34,605 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $639.6B











Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
St. Louis, MO



26,648 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $409.7B











J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
Manhattan, NY



25,629 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $81.6B











Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC
Harrison, NY



24,260 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $598.5B











LPL Financial LLC
Boston, MA



18,591 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $117.2B











Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P.
Des Peres, MO



18,681 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $204.2B











Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc.
Minneapolis, MN



14,082 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.0B











UBS Financial Services Inc.
Weehawken, NJ



12,618 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $391.7B











Northwestern Mutual Investment Services,LLC
Milwaukee, WI



9,126 Advisors











Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
South Beach, CA



7,895 Advisors











Mml Investors Services, LLC
Pine Point, MA



7,845 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $25.6B











Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Ny, NY



7,642 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.8B











Strategic Advisers, Inc.
Boston, MA



6,967 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $254.0B











Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
New York, NY



6,930 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $20.2B











Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
St. Petersburg, FL



6,389 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $125.0B









1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations








































Dwm Finance LLC - Financial Services Firm, Stamford, CT - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Dwm Finance LLC





Dwm Finance LLC



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Dwm Finance LLC









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Dwm Finance LLC is a Broker-Dealer with 5 financial professionals registered nationwide.











Information


Type
Broker-Dealer


HEAD QUARTERS
   Stamford, CT 




# OF EMPLOYEES
None


Total Assets
N/A









Location
        



750 Washington Blvd


Stamford,
CT
06901


203 655-5453









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets





N/A
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






N/A
          
Accounts
          



N/A
          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types




There is no client type data to display at this time.









Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
5





name

start date









William Courtland Churchfiel Walker

May 2011 







Peter Hallock Johnson

September 2006 







J Bradley Swanson

September 2006 







Michael Joseph Kraus

October 2012 







Odeta Dana Tolliver

June 2015 











View All Advisors



















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Developing World Finance LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Developing World Markets Microfinance LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Developing World Markets, Inc.
              
--
              
--
              


Dwm Asset Management, LLC
              
IAR
              
$222,697,270
              


Dwm Funds S.A.R.L.
              
--
              
--
              


Dwm Funds Sca Sicav-Sif
              
--
              
--
              


Dwm Income Funds Sca Sicav-Sif
              
--
              
--
              


Dwm Securitizations S.A.
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Peter Hallock Johnson

 -- 
      

N/A
      
25% to 50%
      


Judy Lynn Kirst-Kolkman

 -- 
      

N/A
      
25% to 50%
      


Peter Hallock Johnson

Member
      
March, 2005
      
less than 5%
      


Judy Lynn Kirst-Kolkman

Member
      
March, 2005
      
less than 5%
      


Michael Joseph Kraus

Chief Compliance Officer, Finop
      
October, 2012
      
less than 5%
      


J Bradley Swanson

Member
      
March, 2005
      
less than 5%
      










Source: FINRA








Fees











There is no compensation data available to display at this time




















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations


















































Dwm Finance LLC - Financial Services Firm, Stamford, CT - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Dwm Finance LLC





Dwm Finance LLC



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Dwm Finance LLC









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Dwm Finance LLC is a Broker-Dealer with 5 financial professionals registered nationwide.











Information


Type
Broker-Dealer


HEAD QUARTERS
   Stamford, CT 




# OF EMPLOYEES
None


Total Assets
N/A









Location
        



750 Washington Blvd


Stamford,
CT
06901


203 655-5453









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets





N/A
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






N/A
          
Accounts
          



N/A
          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types




There is no client type data to display at this time.









Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
5





name

start date









William Courtland Churchfiel Walker

May 2011 







Peter Hallock Johnson

September 2006 







J Bradley Swanson

September 2006 







Michael Joseph Kraus

October 2012 







Odeta Dana Tolliver

June 2015 











View All Advisors



















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Developing World Finance LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Developing World Markets Microfinance LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Developing World Markets, Inc.
              
--
              
--
              


Dwm Asset Management, LLC
              
IAR
              
$222,697,270
              


Dwm Funds S.A.R.L.
              
--
              
--
              


Dwm Funds Sca Sicav-Sif
              
--
              
--
              


Dwm Income Funds Sca Sicav-Sif
              
--
              
--
              


Dwm Securitizations S.A.
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Peter Hallock Johnson

 -- 
      

N/A
      
25% to 50%
      


Judy Lynn Kirst-Kolkman

 -- 
      

N/A
      
25% to 50%
      


Peter Hallock Johnson

Member
      
March, 2005
      
less than 5%
      


Judy Lynn Kirst-Kolkman

Member
      
March, 2005
      
less than 5%
      


Michael Joseph Kraus

Chief Compliance Officer, Finop
      
October, 2012
      
less than 5%
      


J Bradley Swanson

Member
      
March, 2005
      
less than 5%
      










Source: FINRA








Fees











There is no compensation data available to display at this time




















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations





































Luxembourg directory! Find all the private and professional contacts in... : Editus



















































Editus.lu





Habiter.lu





Luxweb.lu





Good-Deals.lu





Emploi





Horoscope





Cinéma





Météo





Culture






FR


LU


DE


EN









Local search, good deals, book a table...
Make life easy for yourself with Editus





Nearby








Search local. Find local.




 Retrouvez tous  nos bon plans 






























 





            Newsletter -
        

            Get all the breaking good deals and articles!
        

Sign up
        





            OTHER SUGGESTIONS
        



Restaurant




Garage




Banks




Professional insurer




Beauty parlour




Florists




Architects




Taxi




Post office














                            Weather
                            Luxembourg 20°





                            5 minutes
                            Actualités





                            Jobs
                            with Moovijob





                            Cinema times
                            Movie of the week





                            My horoscope
                            Aries





                            Emergency services
                            Emergency





                            Traffic news
                            All cameras



back
forward






The day's horoscope
for vendredi 28 juillet 2017

Aries
            21 mars - 20 avril
        


Love 
Attention: don't let someone back you into a corner that wants you all to him or her self. You need to play the field in order to see what's out there.


Work
A pie-in-the-sky fancy isn't as unrealistic as you think. You need to get back into the habit of dreaming big and why not open your own business?


Money
Don't hesitate to get involved in a new business venture. The moon and Neptune will help you to take the right decisions.


Life/Leisure
Opportunism is a fancy outfit that you like to wear every so often, but it can get tiring and confusing at times.


        Check out your full horoscope
    





                    Aries
                





                    Taurus
                





                    Gemini
                





                    Cancer
                





                    Leo
                





                    Virgo
                





                    Libra
                





                    Scorpio
                




                Sagittarius
            




                    Capricorn
                





                    Aquarius
                





                    Pisces
                






Nouveaux







vendredi 28 juillet 2017 05:30
Météo et radars: 28 juillet, grisaille et fraîcheur
Bonjour à tous, nous sommes vendredi 28 juillet et la météo ne sera pas très clémente...









jeudi 27 juillet 2017 17:00
Mertzig-Michelbouch: Aucun changement en vue sur le CR360
Les riverains de la zone devront prendre leur mal en patience. François Bausch a...









jeudi 27 juillet 2017 15:01
Bonne nouvelle de la journée: Agnès Lallemand a été retrouvée vivante
Portée disparue en Belgique depuis le 6 juillet et signalée disparue depuis le mois...






Les plus lus







jeudi 27 juillet 2017 15:01
Bonne nouvelle de la journée: Agnès Lallemand a été retrouvée vivante
Portée disparue en Belgique depuis le 6 juillet et signalée disparue depuis le mois...









jeudi 27 juillet 2017 11:26
Situation de crise: Nos réserves de pétrole se trouvent... à l'étranger
Conformément aux directives de la Commission européenne, chaque pays membre doit...









jeudi 27 juillet 2017 08:57
Attention arnaque: Vente de voiture : de l'eau dans le moteur pour faire baisser le prix
La police met en garde contre une arnaque : des individus mal intentionnés ont trouvé...









Météo du jour
for vendredi 28 juillet 2017





                Min. : 12°
                Max. : 20°
            


Sunrise : 06:01

Sunset : 21:22




                Wind moderate
                South-West
            


                Rainfall :
                40 %
            




                Check the forecast for the next 5 days
            









15°





19°





16°





11°







14°





18°





16°





11°







16°





20°





17°





12°







17°





21°





18°





14°







16°





20°





17°





12°







14°





18°





16°





11°







14°





18°





16°





11°







17°





21°





18°





14°







17°





21°





18°





14°







17°





21°





18°





13°







15°





20°





17°





12°







16°





20°





17°





13°







16°





20°





17°





13°



                10° / 18°
            

                13° / 21°
            

                14° / 21°
            



Morning


Afternoon


Evening


Night








Weather Luxembourg




Weather Esch-sur-Alzette




Weather Differdange




Weather Dudelange




Weather Ettelbruck




Voir toutes les villes







Emergency call numbers
for vendredi 28 juillet 2017


Duty pharmacies
The Duty Pharmacy service starts at 08:00 and ends at 08:00 the next day.


Pharmacie d'Eich
5, Place Dargent L- 1413  Luxembourg
43 16 09


Pharmacie Bouchard Guy
15, avenue de la GareL- 4131  Esch-sur-Alzette
26 53 54 - 1


Pharmacie du Soleil
2a, rue Denis Netgen L- 3858 Schifflange
26 53 58 1


Pharmacie Schambourg
145, rue de LuxembourgL- 4940 Bascharage      
50 77 73


Pharmacie de Steinfort
24, route d'ArlonL- 8410 Steinfort
39 00 24


Pharmacie Thilges
39, Grand-RueL- 9050 Ettelbruck
81 21 51



            See all duty pharmacies today
        


Emergency numbers




                        112
                    

                        Fire brigadeAmbulance
                    





                        113
                    

                         Grand Duchy police emergency numbers
                    





Useful numbers



Help number




Duty pharmacies




Hospital and 24 hour clinics




Emergency information




Doctors




            More useful numbers
        





The day's traffic news
for vendredi 28 juillet 2017


Traffic cameras














A1 Luxembourg - Trèves




A3 Luxembourg - Metz




A4 Hollerich - Esch/Alzette




A6 Gasperich - Arlon




A7 Grunewald - Nord




A13 Longwy - Saarbruck





Speed trap controls in Luxembourg
Every day the police publish some of the locations where they will be carrying out speed checks. This measure has mainly an incentive purpose, however, the police will also be carrying out checks in areas not mentioned in the list below.


Matin

Fischbach

rue Grande-Duchesse Charlotte


ApresMidi

Grosbous

rue de Mersch


ApresMidi

Junglinster

route de Luxembourg


Matin

Luxembourg

rue de l'Acierie


ApresMidi

Schifflange

rue du Moulin




                All speed traps in the country
            



Parking guide


Centre

Free
                        1328
                    

Capacity
                        1457
                    



8%






Gare

Free
                        1142
                    

Capacity
                        1320
                    



13%






Kirchberg

Free
                        823
                    

Capacity
                        894
                    



7%






Park and Ride

Free
                        3544
                    

Capacity
                        3800
                    



6%











Job offers with Moovijob






Search for job offers in Luxembourg



Toutes les categories
Achat / Transport / Logistique 
  Administration / Secrétariat 
    Agriculture / Chasse / Pêche 
 Architecture / Design 
 Assurances 
  Audit 
  Autre 
  Banque 
Bâtiment / Travaux Publics 
 Beauté / Coiffure / Esthétique 
Bureau d'étude / Ingénierie / Conseil 
 Centre d’appels / Service clients 
    Commerce 
Communication / Marketing / Médias 
Comptabilité / Fiscalité / Contrôle de gestion 
 Droit / Juridique 
 Enseignement / Formation 
 Environnement / Energies 
  Fonction Publique 
 Fonds d'investissements 
Hôtellerie / Restauration 
  Immobilier 
   Industrie 
   Informatique / Multimédia / Télécommunication 
Recrutement / Ressources Humaines 
  Santé 
  Sécurité / Défense 
   Services collectifs, sociaux et personnels 
 Voyage / Tourisme 






Hors agences de recrutement








Movie of the week
Release of vendredi 28 juillet 2017











Spider-Man: Homecoming


                                    Tom Holland, Michael Keaton, Robert Downey Jr., Zendaya
                                

                                    Action
                                

Projections
Movie sheet











Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales


                                    Johnny Depp, Javier Bardem, Brenton Thwaites, Kaya Scodelario
                                

                                    Action
                                

Projections
Movie sheet











Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets


                                    Rihanna, Clive Owen, Dane DeHaan, Cara Delevingne
                                

                                    Science Fiction
                                

Projections
Movie sheet





                    Other releases this week
                

                    See all the movies on show
                

                    List of cinemas
                










                Les professionnels de votre ville
            


Annuaire localisé 


Luxembourg


Esch-sur-Alzette


Differdange


Dudelange


Ettelbruck


Agence immobilière à Luxembourg ville


Agence immobilière à Differdange


Agence immobilière à Dudelange


Agence immobilière à Esch-sur-Alzette


Professionnel de l'assurance à Luxembourg ville


Professionnel de l'assurance à Differdange


Professionnel de l'assurance à Dudelange


Professionnel de l'assurance à Ettelbruck





                Search for a person
            


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


Find the telephone numbers and addresses of over 100 private individuals in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg








                Editus: your professional directory for Luxembourg can help you with all of your searches
            

                Whether you would like to find an address in the Luxembourg yellow or white pages, we have a professional directory which you can access at all times. We can meet all of your needs, providing you with addresses that can be localised on a plan: a restaurant in Luxembourg, the airport, booking a taxi in Luxembourg or even a discount voucher... make your life easier and enjoy a number of advantages. 
            



                Popular searches
            


Social Security


General practitioners


Specialists in: Gynaecology and obstetrics


ORL


Specialists in: Venereology, dermatology


Design office


Physiotherapists


Real Estate agency


Orthopedics


Real Estate agency


Zahnärzte


Portuguese food


Hospital


Architects


Complementary health insurance


Health insurance and pension funds


Cleaning


Luxembourg


Wedding


Rail transport - Goods


Hairdresser


Specialists in: Ophthalmology







Advertiser news




27 Jul 2017 - 30 Jul 2017
Chaussures Karin
Dudelange

                                BRADERIE GRANDE BRADERIE SAMEDI 29 JUILLET DIMANCHE 30 JUILLET
                            






27 Jul 2017 - 31 Dec 2017
Cottyn-Kieffer Sàrl
Foetz

                                La beauté de la flamme d’un poêle à bois avec les avantages d’un poêle à pelletsLa beauté de la flamme d’un poêle à bois avec les avantages d’un poêle à pellets…à découvrir absolument dans notre exposition. Un poêl à pellets qui fonctionne sans électricité, sans entretien complexe... MAX BLANK le luxe du chauffage à la portée de tous.
                            






29 Jun 2017 - 31 Dec 2017
Paramedicus - Soins et aides à domicile
Belvaux

                                Paramedicus évolue !Mise à jour de notre fiche editus.lu et de notre site web ! Retrouvez-y toutes les informations pratiques concernant notre activité et les services que nous vous proposons. Nous sommes également à votre disposition par téléphone.
                            






29 Jun 2017 - 31 Aug 2017
Paramedicus - Soins et aides à domicile
Belvaux

                                Paramedicus recrute !Paramedicus Soins et Aides à domicile recherche :  Infirmier diplômé (m/f) Aide-soignant (m/f) Auxiliaire de vie (m/f) Apprenti adulte secrétariat (m/f)  Envoyez votre candidature par e-mail. Plus d'informations par téléphone au 55 55 92 ou par e-mail.
                            






24 Jul 2017 - 29 Jul 2017
Panorama Bar
Bertrange

                                Suggestions de la semaineSuggestions du Lundi au Vendredi Salade aux St. Jacques poêlés et Pamplemousse 20€ Magret de Canard aux Figues 25€ Suggestions du Samedi Blanquette de Lotte persillée 23€
                            









                By remaining on this site you accept that cookies be used to improve your user experience.
            

                Find out more
            
Do not show this message again

















DWM Securitizations SA - Securitization : Editus



















































Nearby








Search local. Find local.








Editus.lu





Habiter.lu





Luxweb.lu





Good-Deals.lu





Emploi





Horoscope





Cinéma





Météo





Culture






FR


LU


DE


EN











Home page

DWM Securitizations SA




        Print
    


        Save
    


        Share
    










DWM Securitizations SA




6  Rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)



                    Securitization
                

















Map





More information








                No time is available for DWM Securitizations SA
            






Longitude :
49,610004
Latitude :
6,129596







Enlarge the map
Route
GPS




Additional information

Our products and services



Securitization





Our activities



Professionals of the financial sector





Our administrative and financial info



                                Nace : Organisme de titrisation (64306)
                            

                                Trade registry No. : B208207
                            

                                International VAT number : TVA E.C.
                            

                                Capital : 36 000 €
                            

                                Date of creation :  08/2016
                            








Les meilleures adresses à proximité


More activities



                        Payroll services
                    



                        Financial investment
                    



                        Financial information
                    



                        Financial Engineering
                    



                        Financial leasing
                    




More activities








Bank, finance, insurance



Finance



Professionals of the financial sector



Securitization



DWM Securitizations SA




                    Autres professionnels près de Luxembourg  :
                







DWM Securitizations SA


6  Rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)








Map





More information















                By remaining on this site you accept that cookies be used to improve your user experience.
            

                Find out more
            
Do not show this message again


















Securitization - info Professionals of the financial sector Luxembourg : Editus

























































Nearby








Search local. Find local.








Editus.lu





Habiter.lu





Luxweb.lu





Good-Deals.lu





Emploi





Horoscope





Cinéma





Météo





Culture






FR


LU


DE


EN












                Localities
            

                Sections
            

Open (2)





Localities les plus populaires




Luxembourg
(315)







Senningerberg
(12)







Munsbach
(10)







Capellen
(7)







Grevenmacher
(4)







Leudelange
(3)







Leithum
(3)







Sandweiler
(2)







Bertrange
(2)







Moersdorf
(2)







Strassen
(1)







Redange-sur-Attert
(1)







Localities par ordre alphabétique





                                Voir plus




                            Filter
                        









                            Filter
                        







Investment and financial
(1)







Professionals of the financial sector
(28)









                            Filter
                        



 






Home page

Results for "Securitization"






365 result(s) for Securitization 



Sort by


            Relevance
        

            Name
        

            Decreasing name
        

            Locality
        

            Decreasing locality
        









1



                LX Investment Partners II Sàrl
            



63-65  Rue de Merl 
L-2146
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)
 




Securitization

 


2



                Tempus Holdings A Sàrl
            



5  Rue Guillaume Kroll 
L-1882
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)
 




Professionals of the financial sector


Securitization

 


3



                PSB Finance SA
            



2  Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)
 




Securitization

 


4



                Al Mi'yar Capital SA
            



2  Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)
 




Securitization

 


5



                Financière des Hôtels Sàrl
            



18  Rue Robert Stumper 
L-2557
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)
 




Securitization

 


6



                Win Securitisation II Sàrl
            



5  Rue Pierre d'Aspelt 
L-1142
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)
 




Securitization

 


7



                Efficiency Solutions SV Sàrl
            



1c  Rue Gabriel Lippmann 
L-5365
Munsbach (Minsbech)
 




Securitization

 


8



                Avant Tarjeta S1 Sàrl
            



51  Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)
 




Securitization

 


9



                abc SME Lease Germany SA
            



52-54  Avenue du X Septembre 
L-2550
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)
 




Securitization

 


10



                Stakecorp Capital Sàrl
            



9  Allée Scheffer 
L-2520
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)
 




Securitization

 


11



                LB Europe Holdings Sàrl
            



2  Avenue Charles de Gaulle 
L-1653
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)
 




Securitization

 


12



                SC Opportunities SA
            



69  Boulevard de la Pétrusse 
L-2320
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)
 




Securitization

 


13



                Hoffmann & Stankovich TCEI Sàrl
            



89e  Parc d'Activités Capellen 
L-8308
Capellen (Kapellen)
 




Securitization

 


14



                Windward Diversified Investments SA
            



51  Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)
 




Securitization

 


15



                Roof Smart SA
            



52-54  Avenue Dix Septembre 
L-2550
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)
 




Securitization

 


16



                LAMS Evolution 2016
            



6  Rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)
 




Professionals of the financial sector


Securitization

 


17



                Securely Transferred Auto Receivables II Limited SA
            



6  Rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)
 




Securitization

 


18



                Maritime Asset Partners Sàrl
            



1B  Rue Jean Piret 
L-2350
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)
 




Securitization

 


19



                Finalink SA
            



95  Rue Ermesinde 
L-1469
Luxembourg (Lëtzebuerg)
 




Securitization

 


20



                ECAF I LuxCo Sàrl
            



6D  Route de Trèves 
L-2633
Senningerberg (Sennengerbierg)
 




Securitization

 





                    1
                



                    2
                



                    3
                



                    4
                



                    5
                



                        ...
                    



                        19
                    



                    ›
                





5


15





Bank, finance, insurance

Finance

Professionals of the financial sector

Securitization





See the results on the map











         Newsletter
    


            Get all the breaking good deals and articles!
        


        Sign up
    


Advert



More activities



                        Payroll services
                    



                        Financial investment
                    



                        Financial information
                    



                        Financial Engineering
                    



                        Financial leasing
                    



                        Consulting actuary
                    



                        Numismatics
                    



                        Acquisition of property
                    



                        Financial reporting
                    



                        Financial management
                    




More activities










                By remaining on this site you accept that cookies be used to improve your user experience.
            

                Find out more
            
Do not show this message again















