

	DYMON Trademark of Dymon Asia Capital (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.. Serial Number: 85444381 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
DYMON










 
Get FREE email alerts













DYMON  Trademark Information
 Dymon Asia Capital (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
Economic research and analysis in relation to financial markets
Financial affairs and monetary affairs, namely, financial information, management and analysis services; real estate; investment services; administration of capital investment services, namely, management of a capital investment fund; administration of investment funds and client accounts, namely, annuity services in the nature of account and investment administration, employee stock plan administrative services, financial administration of re...




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
economic   research   analysis   relation   financial   markets    
                                    




This is a brand page for the DYMON trademark by Dymon Asia Capital (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. 
                                in Singapore, , 038989.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this DYMON trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Dymon Asia Capital (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. of the DYMON trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the DYMON trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, October 11, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        DYMON by 
                        Dymon Asia Capital (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., Singapore 038989.
                        The USPTO has given the DYMON 
                        trademark serial  number of  85444381.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for DYMON is 
                        
                        
                                            LISA W. ROSAYA of 
                                            BAKER & MCKENZIE LLP,  452 5TH AVE, NEW YORK NY 10018-2706 
                                .
                            The DYMON trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                , 
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for DYMON 
                            is Economic research and analysis in relation to financial markets. 
                            





Word mark:
 DYMON


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

5/6/2014



  Serial Number:  
85444381


  Filing Date:  
10/11/2011


 Registration Number:  
4524073 


 Registration Date:  
5/6/2014


 Goods and Services: 
Economic research and analysis in relation to financial markets


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
9/17/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

Dymon Asia Capital (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.Singapore 038989
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


LISA W. ROSAYA
BAKER & MCKENZIE LLP
452 5TH AVE
NEW YORK NY 10018-2706






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your DYMON trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/6/2014
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



LISA W. ROSAYA


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of DYMON trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search dymon on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for DYMON 




DYMON is providing Economic research and analysis in relation to financial markets.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





























 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 









Dymon Asia Ventures






































  









 













 
Dymon Asia Ventures partners with exceptional
entrepreneurs that transform Financial Services.
  Portfolio 






4XLabs builds software for the physical FX industry.
  






Otonomos lets you form, fund and govern your company on the blockchain.
 






Spark Systems offers a fair and transparent solution for emerging market FX.
  






Capital Match is an online marketplace for invoice financing in Southeast Asia.
  






WeConvene connects buy side and sell side for corporate access.
 Our History 
Dymon Asia Ventures was founded in 2015 with a single mission: to partner with exceptional entrepreneurs that drive transformation in Financial Services. DAV is part of Dymon Asia Capital, an alternative investment manager in Singapore with $4.8 billion in assets under management* as at May 1, 2016.
(* Including committed capital and notional assets). 
  Meet the TeamOur team brings together entrepreneurs, operators and investors with deep expertise in Financial Services.
 





Jinesh Patel Partner





Christiaan
KapteinPrincipal





Sandra PhungLegal Counsel Venture and Operating Partners 





Joo Seng Wong
Operating Partner





Ting Song YeOperating Partner





Cyrille EvenVenture Partner





Oliver Palmer Venture Partner





Luk JanssenVenture Partner





We are part of the
Dymon Asia Capital Group   





 
1 Temasek Avenue  #11-01 Millenia Tower
Singapore 039192
T:+65 6705 1666
ventures@dymonasia.com
www.dymonasia.vc
  1794DISCLAIMER
 
This webpage contains important legal and proprietary information concerning Dymon Asia Capital (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. and its affiliates (collectively known as “Dymon Asia”). Before proceeding, please read the following disclaimer statements.
By entering this website, you are deemed to be representing and warranting that (1) you have read and understood the information contained in this page and accept the terms and conditions contained herein, (2) the applicable laws and regulations of your jurisdiction allow you to access the information on this webpage, (3) you are duly authorized to access this webpage for the purpose of acquiring information, and (4) you or any other person or entity you represent initiated the discussion, correspondence or other communications with Dymon Asia or its agents, which resulted in your requesting access to Dymon Asia’s website and the information regarding its funds, and none of Dymon Asia or its agents at any time directly or indirectly contacted you with respect to the provision of investment advisory services or investment in a Dymon Asia fund prior to such unsolicited initiation of discussions, correspondence or other communications.
To the best of its knowledge and belief, Dymon Asia considers the information contained herein as accurate as at the date of publication. All information and opinions in this webpage are subject to change without notice. No representation or warranty is given, whether express or implied, on the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of information provided in the website or by third parties. The materials in this webpage could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors, and could become inaccurate as a result of developments occurring after their respective dates. Dymon Asia undertakes no obligation to maintain the currency of such information. Any links to other websites contained within this webpage are for the convenience of the user only and do not constitute an endorsement by Dymon Asia of these websites. Dymon Asia is not responsible for the content of other websites referenced in this webpage. Neither Dymon Asia nor its affiliates and their respective shareholders, directors, officers and employees assume any liabilities in respect of any errors or omissions on this webpage, or any and all responsibility for any direct or consequential loss or damage of any kind resulting directly or indirectly from the use of this webpage. Unless otherwise agreed with Dymon Asia, any use, disclosure, reproduction, modification or distribution of the contents of this webpage, or any part thereof, is strictly prohibited.
The information contained herein is private and confidential and may not be disclosed, reproduced, redistributed or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other person or published in whole or in part, for any purpose, without the express written permission of Dymon Asia.
Dymon Asia and its affiliates expressly disclaim any liability, whether in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive or special damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, your access to or use of this website.
This webpage is not an advertisement and is not intended for public use or distribution. The information contained in this webpage is for information purposes only, and does not constitute financial, investment, legal, accounting, tax or other professional advice.
Simulations, past and projected performance may not necessarily be indicative of future results. Figures may be taken from sources that are believed to be reliable (but may not necessarily have been independently verified), and such figures should not be relied upon in making investment decisions. Dymon Asia, its officers and employees do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of such information.
Accept Decline














 



Your browser is out of date. It has security vulnerabilities and may not display all features on this site and other sites.
Please update your browser using one of modern browsers (Google Chrome, Opera, Firefox, IE 10).

X












































Dymon Asia Capital (S) Pte Ltd | Investment Management Companies










































































Home>Dymon Asia Capital (S) Pte Ltd 

















                        Dymon Asia Capital (S) Pte Ltd





 bookmark




                                write a review                            


 











                            Dymon Asia Capital (S) Pte Ltd                        
1 Temasek Ave #11-01 Millenia Tower Singapore 039192






6705 1666





6738  0780










Is this your business?



                            Claim listing                             



Create your listing in minutes and get your business found!

- Critical information such as address and phone/fax number.
- Create awareness and stimulate engagement to your profile.
- Boost your listing exposure with free keyword placements.
- Allow users to quickly establish communication with your business.




Investment Management Companies





Recommended articles









 

Taobao Fans Rejoice! Alibaba Is Finally Bringing Tmall To Singapore.


 



 

Meet The Student Entrepreneur Who Took A Gap Year at 19 And Secured Kickstarter Funding In 3 days


 



 

Top 10 Tech Companies In Singapore That Will Make You Want To Quit Your Job Right Now


 



 

I Tried Surviving On Promo Codes For A Week - The Amount I Saved Will Surprise You


 



 

4 In-Demand Skills You Can Pick up In Just Two Months To Earn Big Dollars


 



 

8 Magical Airbnb Places In Singapore For Your Next Staycay


 

 See more



Similar companies






Brentor Investment

1 Woodlands Sq #03-K6 Causeway Pt Singapore 738099









Fortune Trading & Investment

402   Orchard Rd   #02-17   Delfi Orchard   Singapore 238876









M & D Trading & Investment

54 Maude Rd, Singapore 208346









Meyah Investment

33 Sembawang Rd, Singapore 779084









Prosperity Trading & Investment

333A Orchard Rd #03-33  Singapore 238897









Whitley F & B Investment

18 Lor Telok, Singapore 049030









Whitley F&B Investment

37 Circular Rd   Singapore 049393









0 REVIEWS


How Will You Rate Dymon Asia Capital (S) Pte Ltd ?






















 0



Post Review
Cancel




                            I would like to flag this review for inappropriate content and it should be removed from website. Please kindly take appropiate action.                        

                            Reason for Flagging




                             
                            











All Listings




Dymon Asia Capital (S) Pte Ltd







































×

















YP is a new way for people and businesses to connect and get things done. We are a local platform that provides relevant news on everything business, tech, and lifestyle, while creating the best experience for consumers to reach businesses.
 





Information
Our Company
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Careers
Contact Us

 





Quick Links
Advertise With Us
Articles
Data Protection Policy

 


 





Related Sites
INSIS
Visitors.sg
GYP Videos
WebExpress
Singapore Infocomm Guide
中文

 



Copyright © 2017 Global Yellow Pages Limited. All rights
                reserved.








 





 

Username * 


Password * 









Hi, we noticed that you have disabled email in your shared permissions. You will need an email address to create an account in YP.


Cancel
Proceed



Login
Forget password?Create Account






















Partners | 








Partners – Dymon Asia
























































 
































About DymonBusinesses  Public Markets    Macro Strategies    Dymon Manager Solutions      Private Markets        Dymon Asia Private Equity        Dymon Asia VenturesNewsroomSupporting our Community  Education  Elderly  YouthContact usInvestor Login
 








 












 









History & Key Milestones
Mission & Core Values
Partners
Careers



Partners






DANNY YONG
CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER AND FOUNDING PARTNER




Danny Yong is the Chief Investment Officer and a founding partner of Dymon Asia Capital, and has over 18 years of experience trading FX, fixed income, and index futures in Asia.  Prior to Dymon, he was a founding partner and Chief Investment Officer of Abax Global Capital, a hedge fund based in Hong Kong.  During his career, Danny was also a Managing Director at Citadel Investment Asia in Hong Kong, where he established and ran the Asia Macro trading business from late 2005 to early 2007 for the firm.  In addition, he was Head of Trading for South East Asian Derivatives, Fixed Income and Foreign Exchange at Goldman Sachs where he spent six years in the Hong Kong and Tokyo offices.
Danny graduated with a Bachelor’s degree in Business (Banking and Finance) with Honors from the Nanyang Technological University of Singapore.









DAVID CHAN

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CO-CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER




David Chan is the Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chief Investment Officer at Dymon Asia Capital. He has over 23 years of experience trading FX, fixed income and index futures in Asia. Prior to Dymon, he was Head of Asia Pacific Foreign Exchange Trading and Head of Macro Trading for Asia Pacific ex Japan at Goldman Sachs. At the firm, he was also a member of the Asia Pacific Securities Division Operating Committee, and the Asia Pacific Risk Committee whilst simultaneously serving on the Board of Goldman Sachs International Bank. Before his tenure at Goldman Sachs, David was a Vice President and Head of Interest Rate Management Group at Chemical Bank/CHASE Manhattan Bank in Hong Kong from 1994 to 1998. He started his investment career at Citibank as a bond trader in 1992.
David graduated with a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration with First Class Honors from the Chinese University of Hong Kong.









JAY LUO
PRESIDENT




Jay Luo is President of Dymon Asia Capital. Prior to Dymon, he was a Managing Director, Head of Asia Pacific for S.A.C. Capital Advisors (Hong Kong) Limited. He managed S.A.C Group’s activities in the Asia Pacific Region, which consisted of various portfolio management teams in Hong Kong, Singapore, Beijing, and Tokyo. Before his relocation to Hong Kong in 2007 to build S.A.C Group’s presence in Asia, he was a senior member of S.A.C’s risk management team in Stamford, Connecticut.
Jay graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Physics from Beijing University. He also has a Ph.D. in Chemistry from Pennsylvania State University.








KEITH TAN
CHAIRMAN, INVESTMENT COMMITTEE OF DYMON ASIA PRIVATE EQUITY AND FOUNDING PARTNER




Keith Tan is Chairman of the Dymon Asia Private Equity Investment Committee and a founding partner of Dymon Asia Capital. Prior to Dymon, he was a Director at Abax Global Capital, a hedge fund based in Hong Kong, where he originated, structured and executed investment transactions across Asia for Abax’s special situations funds.  During his career, Keith was also member of the Executive Committee of Standard Chartered Bank (China) and Branch Manager of Standard Chartered Bank’s Shanghai Branch.
Keith graduated with a Bachelor’s degree in Business (Banking and Finance) with Honors from the Nanyang Technological University of Singapore.









KWANG HUI LIM
SENIOR PORTFOLIO MANAGER AND MANAGING PARTNER




Kwang Hui Lim is a Senior Portfolio Manager and managing partner at Dymon Asia Capital. He has over 28 years of experience trading FX, fixed income, and index futures in Asia. Prior to Dymon, he was a Director (Global Finance and Foreign Exchange) at Deutsche Bank, Singapore.  During his tenure at the firm, Kwang Hui was also Head of Deutsche Bank’s foreign exchange spot trading business in Singapore and Tokyo and was also responsible for managing currency risks flowing through Deutsche Bank’s proprietary e-trading platform in the Asia Pacific Region. He started his career with JP Morgan, Singapore in 1987 and became Head of Currency Trading in Asia of JP Morgan’s Foreign Exchange Group.
Kwang Hui graduated with a Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering with Honors from the National University of Singapore.








MARK WONG
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER AND CHIEF RISK OFFICER




Mark Wong is Chief Operating Officer and Chief Risk Officer of Dymon Asia. Prior to Dymon, he was the Co-Head of Linear Foreign Exchange and Rates trading in Asia at Deutsche Bank in Singapore.  Mark managed a team of traders across Asia, and was responsible for the market making franchise covering both onshore and offshore foreign exchange and rates markets. He was an Executive Committee member of Deutsche Bank’s Global Finance and Foreign Exchange division. Mark enjoyed a 17-year tenure at Deutsche Bank, starting as a fixed income trader in London, before moving to Singapore to continue his trading career in the Asian local currency markets.
Mark graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Accountancy and Law with Honors from Exeter University in the United Kingdom.












































Disclaimer

This webpage contains important legal and proprietary information concerning Dymon Asia Capital (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., its affiliates (collectively known as “Dymon Asia") and its funds. Before proceeding, please read the following disclaimer statements.
By clicking the "I AGREE" button below, you are deemed to be representing and warranting that (1) you have read and understand the information contained in this page and accept the terms and conditions contained herein, (2) the applicable laws and regulations of your jurisdiction allow you to access the information on this webpage, (3) you are duly authorized to access this webpage for the purpose of acquiring information, and (4) you or any other person or entity you represent initiated the discussion, correspondence or other communications with Dymon Asia or its representatives, which resulted in your requesting access to Dymon Asia’s website and the information regarding its funds, and none of Dymon Asia or its representatives at any time directly or indirectly contacted you with respect to the provision of investment advisory services or investment in a Dymon Asia fund prior to such unsolicited initiation of discussions, correspondence or other communications.
The information on this webpage is not intended for persons located or resident in jurisdictions where the distribution of such information is restricted or unauthorized. No action has been taken to authorize, register or qualify any of the Dymon Asia funds or otherwise permit a public offering of any Dymon Asia fund in any jurisdiction.
To the best of its knowledge and belief, Dymon Asia considers the information contained herein as accurate as at the date of publication. All information and opinions in this webpage are subject to change without notice. No representation or warranty is given, whether express or implied, on the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of information provided in the website or by third parties. The materials in this webpage could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors, and could become inaccurate as a result of developments occurring after their respective dates. Dymon Asia undertakes no obligation to maintain the currency of such information. Any links to other websites contained within this webpage are for the convenience of the user only and do not constitute an endorsement by Dymon Asia of these websites. Dymon Asia is not responsible for the content of other websites referenced in this webpage. Neither Dymon Asia nor its affiliates and their respective shareholders, directors, officers and employees assume any liabilities in respect of any errors or omissions on this webpage, or any and all responsibility for any direct or consequential loss or damage of any kind resulting directly or indirectly from the use of this webpage. Unless otherwise agreed with Dymon Asia, any use, disclosure, reproduction, modification or distribution of the contents of this webpage, or any part thereof, is strictly prohibited. Dymon Asia expressly disclaims any liability, whether in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive or special damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, your access to or use of this website.
This webpage is not an advertisement and is not intended for public use or distribution. This website has been prepared for the purpose of providing general information only without taking account of any particular investor's objectives, financial situation or needs and does not amount to an investment recommendation. An investor should, before making any investment decision, consider the appropriateness of the information in this website, and seek professional advice, having regard to the investor's objectives, financial situation and needs. In all cases, anyone proposing to rely on or use the information contained in the website should independently verify and check the accuracy, completeness, reliability and suitability of the information. The information contained in this webpage does not constitute financial, investment, legal, accounting, tax or other professional advice or a solicitation for investment in Dymon Asia’s funds, nor does it constitute an offer for sale of interests issued by funds that are managed or advised by Dymon Asia. Any offer can only be made by the relevant offering documents, together with the relevant subscription agreement, all of which must be read and understood in their entirety, and only in jurisdictions where such an offer is in compliance with relevant laws and regulatory requirements.
Simulations, past and projected performance may not necessarily be indicative of future results. Figures may be taken from sources that are believed to be reliable (but may not necessarily have been independently verified), and such figures should not be relied upon in making investment decisions. Dymon Asia, its officers and employees do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of such information.
This website and its contents is permitted only for the use of persons who are “institutional investors" or “accredited investors", each within the meaning provided in the Singapore Securities and Futures Act; “professional investors" within the meaning provided in the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance; or the equivalent class of “accredited investor" or “professional client" under the laws of the country or territory of such person. The products and services described in this website are available to such aforementioned categories of persons only. Please click "I AGREE" if you confirm and agree that you fall within any of the aforementioned categories. Please click “I AGREE” if you confirm and agree that you fall within any of the aforementioned categories.

I agree
I do not agree







Dymon Asia Capital HK Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























dymon asia capital hk ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Dymon Asia Capital (HK) Limited operates as an investment management company. The Company invests in small and medium enterprises. Dymon Asia Capital serves customers in South East Asia.




Corporate Information
Address:

Level 16, Man Yee Building
Suite 32, 60-68 Des Voeux Road
Central
Hong Kong (SAR)


Phone:
852-3796-3012


Fax:
852-3796-3013


Web url:
www.dymonasia.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












DYMON ASIA CAPITAL (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD. - Singapore, Singapore


 













 






























Search For "Financial" Companies in Singapore, Singapore - Click Here Now!


View Similar Companies Nearby








DYMON ASIA CAPITAL (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD. 5897 Miles From You








DYMON ASIA CAPITAL (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.










9 TEMASEK BOULEVARD #16-01 SUNTEC TOWER 2, SINGAPORE
Singapore, Singapore 38989

(656) 672-7088 Call Now!Phone &raquo Click To Reveal
Website not availableWebsite &raquo Click To Reveal

 Be the first! 

+Recommend


Financial » Investment Advice


Not the business you're looking for?
Find more results for DYMON ASIA CAPITAL (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.




























Contact Details






View Competitors











About DYMON ASIA CAPITAL (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.
DYMON ASIA CAPITAL (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD., HQ (DYMON ASIA CAPITAL (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.) Is A Registered Investment Advising Corporation.  Registered In The SEC Under ID No. 802-74548, The Current Status Of DYMON ASIA CAPITAL (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD. Has An Effective Date Of July 03, 2012.DYMON ASIA CAPITAL (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD. in Singapore is a company that specializes in Investment Advice. Our records show it was established in Singapore. 

Company Address9 TEMASEK BOULEVARD #16-01 SUNTEC TOWER 2, SINGAPORE Singapore, Singapore, 38989  Show MapPhone Number(656) 672-7088Phone &raquo Click To RevealCompany Websiteinformation not availableEstimated Number Of Employeesinformation not availableEstimated Yearly Revenueinformation not availableSIC Code6282


Categories and Products
Investment Advice in Singapore, Singapore

KeywordsDYMON ASIA CAPITAL (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.












Delete This Listing
 


If you own this company and would like to delete this listing, click here.

Click Here To Delete Listing







Other Investment Advice
NALANDA CAPITAL PTE LTD.
Investment Advice

FLOWERING TREE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
Investment Advice

TANTALLON CAPITAL LIMITED
Investment Advice

APS ASSET MANAGEMENT INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Investment Advice



Nearby Companies
Quick Credit Pte Ltd
Singapore, 00

SG New Condo Launch
Singapore, 00

Makeshift Singapore Pte Ltd
Singapore, 00

APS ASSET MANAGEMENT PTE LTD
Singapore, 00




                    Loading
                


Related Products in Investment Advice 









About SaleSpider

SaleSpider connects small businesses with big opportunities.
Entrepreneur










Want to Promote Your Business?
Want to Promote Your Business?


Add Your Business Now for Free!


OR




Claim This Listing Now


135958596
















Recently Viewed Businesses


Byers Thrift Store





C & D Enterprises





Brian Byrnes Construction





Byrd Insurance Agency, Inc.





Byars Florist And Gifts

















Singapore » Singapore » Investment Advice » Dymon Asia Capital (singapore) Pte. Ltd. 








Business Directory
Over 65 Million Businesses Worldwide




























 








 






















By claiming this business listing, you will be able to edit and make changes to it.
Claim this listing now?

No, thank you.
Yes



















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































