






Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Buys Shares of 1,945 NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















NVIDIA Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for NVIDIA Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Bank of Montreal Can Has $11.92 Million Stake in Hanesbrands Inc. (NYSE:HBI)					

Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (NYSE:FCX) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co.					

Kissinger Financial Services LLC Lowers Position in American Tower Corporation (REIT) (NYSE:AMT)					

Bank of Montreal Can Has $11.71 Million Stake in Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK)					

Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Buys Shares of 1,945 NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA)					

Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (ZBH) Position Increased by Bank of Montreal Can					

Charles Mcwherter Buys 5,000 Shares of CymaBay Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:CBAY) Stock					

Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Capital One Financial Corporation’s Q4 2017 Earnings (NYSE:COF)					

Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Downgrades Boston Beer Company, Inc. (The) (NYSE:SAM) to Sell					

Apollo Global Management, LLC (NYSE:APO) Major Shareholder Tiger Global Management Llc Purchases 249,968 Shares					

SunTrust Banks, Inc. Downgrades PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) to Hold					

Huntsman Corporation (HUN) Upgraded to “Overweight” by KeyCorp					

Wildhorse Resource Development Corporation (NYSE:WRD) Research Coverage Started at Barclays PLC					

Credit Suisse Group Downgrades Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. (NYSE:CBI) to Neutral					

Carlisle Companies Incorporated (CSL) Position Decreased by Capstone Asset Management Co.					

Insider Buying: Internationa Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. (IFF) Major Shareholder Purchases $5,312,000.00 in Stock					

Consort Medical plc (CSRMY) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages					

Macrocure (NASDAQ:MCUR) and Aimmune Therapeutics (AIMT) Head to Head Survey					

Comparing Monsanto (MON) & Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan (POT)					

Contrasting Tumi Holdings (TUMI) and Ralph Lauren Corporation (RL)					





 





						Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Buys Shares of 1,945 NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA)					

						 July 24th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Stacy Sanders 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC bought a new position in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm bought 1,945 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock, valued at approximately $281,000. 
Several other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 7.4% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 37,580,211 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $4,093,612,000 after buying an additional 2,597,209 shares during the period.  Edgewood Management LLC raised its stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 21.9% in the first quarter. Edgewood Management LLC now owns 5,987,970 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $652,270,000 after buying an additional 1,074,303 shares during the period.  Janus Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 20.0% in the first quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 5,368,881 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $584,832,000 after buying an additional 895,591 shares during the period.  Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 46.6% in the first quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 5,257,325 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $572,695,000 after buying an additional 1,672,231 shares during the period.  Finally, Wellington Management Group LLP raised its stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 499.0% in the first quarter. Wellington Management Group LLP now owns 4,104,980 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $447,156,000 after buying an additional 3,419,701 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  68.84% of the company’s stock. 
NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) opened at 168.10 on Monday. The firm has a market cap of $100.02 billion, a PE ratio of 56.43 and a beta of 1.23. NVIDIA Corporation has a one year low of $53.02 and a one year high of $169.30. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $153.14 and a 200-day moving average price of $120.55. 




NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The computer hardware maker reported $0.82 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.66 by $0.16. NVIDIA Corporation had a return on equity of 36.40% and a net margin of 25.95%. The firm had revenue of $1.94 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.91 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.46 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 48.7% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities analysts expect that  NVIDIA Corporation will post $3.09 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
WARNING: “Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Buys Shares of 1,945 NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA)” was originally  published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/24/dynamic-advisors-solutions-llc-buys-shares-of-1945-nvidia-corporation-nvda.html. 
NVDA has been the subject of a number of research reports. BMO Capital Markets  restated an “underperform” rating and issued a $85.00 target price on shares of NVIDIA Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Bank of America Corporation  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $185.00 target price on shares of NVIDIA Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, June 21st. Roth Capital  restated a “neutral” rating on shares of NVIDIA Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded NVIDIA Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $169.00 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Finally, Citigroup Inc.  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $145.00 target price on shares of NVIDIA Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating, twenty-one have issued  a buy rating and two have assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $133.80.
In other news, Director Tench Coxe sold 50,000 shares of NVIDIA Corporation stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $129.48, for a total value of $6,474,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, insider Michael Byron sold 25,507 shares of NVIDIA Corporation stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $137.09, for a total value of $3,496,754.63. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 162,706 shares in the company, valued at approximately $22,305,365.54. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 622,282 shares of company stock worth $93,304,082. Company insiders own  5.17% of the company’s stock. 
NVIDIA Corporation Company Profile
Nvidia Corporation focuses on personal computer (PC) graphics, graphics processing unit (GPU) and also on artificial intelligence (AI). The Company’s operates through two segments: GPU and Tegra Processor. The Company’s GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets, including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and big data researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users.






Receive News & Ratings for NVIDIA Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NVIDIA Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 




























































DYNAMIC ADVISORS SOLUTIONS LLC- Ratings & Rankings by Symmetric




 






























Home
About

Pricing

Login


























DYNAMIC ADVISORS SOLUTIONS LLC



Register for more
















 DYNAMIC ADVISORS Overview



												   Dynamic Advisors Solutions Llc is an investment advisor that manages 546.5 MM dollars in regulatory AUM and has 32 employees, of which 30 perform investment advisory functions. The manager's has disclosed holdings from 12/31/13 to 03/31/17. The fund's latest filing disclosed 257MM in positions, representing 47% of the manager's regulatory AUM.
												



Unlock Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration









					
					 DYNAMIC ADVISORS StockAlpha 
					
					






-2.2%





Top 25%



3yr StockAlpha
Register for more...
















Fundamental & Technical Factor Exposure
										






Market Cap
Beta
Volatility


Momentum (12M)
Momentum (6M)
Momentum (3M)


Price/Book
Price/Earnings
Price/Cash Flow


Dividend Yield
Sales Growth
Earnings Growth


ROE
ROA
ROC


EBIDTA Margin
Debt/Assets
Hedge Fund Crowding









 DYNAMIC ADVISORS Since Last Filing Return Details
																										






Ticker
Size
Sector
Stock Move

StockAlpha Attribution
Days to Liquidate
Trade Crowdedness




SH
5.13%
ETF
-4.93%

-0.34%
0
1%



TBF
2.44%
ETF
-2.81%

-0.14%
1
0%





Unlock Positions and Returns Details














×
Register to Unlock



Unlock profile and also get:

Manager Positions and Return Details
Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration
Manager Performance Estimates
Top Stock Pickers Report













We take your privacy seriously. Your information will never be shared with any third party











×
Download PDF Report


								Your requested report is being generated and will be emailed to you when ready. If you do not receive the report, please check your spam folder, email info@symmetric.io or call 866-243-4178
								














FEATURED IN





















 DYNAMIC ADVISORS Founders and Key Employees






Name
Title
In Position Since







James R. Cannon
Chief Executive Officer And Chief Compliance Officer
December-2008


Craig P. Morningstar
Chief Operating Officer
July-2012










 DYNAMIC ADVISORS Brokers, Custodians, Auditors and Administrators






Type
Company

















 DYNAMIC ADVISORS Investment Strategy


				
					   Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss Methods of  Analysis. DWA and its Financial Advisors primarily employ fundamental and technical analysis methods in developing investment strategies for you. Fundamental analysis is a method of evaluating a company that has issued securities by attempting to measure the value of its underlying assets. This involves researching overall economic and industry conditions as well as the financial condition and the quality of the company’s management. Earning, expenses, assets, and liabilities are all important in determining the value of a company. The value is then compared to the current price of the company’s securities to determine whether to purchase, sell or hold those securities. Technical analysis is a method of evaluating securities by analyzing statistics associated with market activity, such as past prices and trading volume. Technical analysis involves using charts and other tools to identify patterns that ...Unlock Full Investment Process Description







 DYNAMIC ADVISORS Portfolio Concentration




Unlock Portfolio Concentration











 DYNAMIC ADVISORS Location



7150 EAST CAMELBACK ROAD								SUITE 444
SCOTTSDALE, 
Arizona
UNITED STATES, 
85251








  DYNAMIC ADVISORS Contact Information



							Phone Number: (877) 257-3840
							Fax Number: 480-718-8778
							Website: http://www.dynamicwealthadvisors.com









READ RECENT SYMMETRIC REPORTS





















Disclaimer



				
		The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Symmetric and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Symmetric nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance and skill metrics are no guarantee of future results. "Symmetric," "Symmetric.io" and the Symmetric logo are marks of Symmetric, Inc. Read our privacy policy here. Read our terms of use here





















 Path A		  













 


Wealth Management Partners - DWA - Scottsdale, Arizona
































































 
























 
 

I have my own RIASomething ElseI’m interested in affiliating as an IAR with an RIA
My assets are$3 - 5 million$5 - 10 million$10 - 15 million$15 - 25 million$25 - 50 million$50 - 75 million$75 - 100 million$100 - 150 millionOther

 













Give us a call now (877) 257-3840









Dynamic Wealth Advisors
Helping Financial Advisors Grow






 



Contact UsYou are here:HomeContact Us













Name*


First



Last

Email*

Phone*Additional CommentsWe treat inquiries with complete confidentiality.

 












     7150 East Camelback Road, Suite 444
Scottsdale, AZ 85251
     (877) 257-3840
    joinus@dynamicwealthadvisors.com

 


 





























 


Wealth Management Partners | Investment Advisors Services | Financial Practice Management AZ




























































 
























 
 

I have my own RIASomething ElseI’m interested in affiliating as an IAR with an RIA
My assets are$3 - 5 million$5 - 10 million$10 - 15 million$15 - 25 million$25 - 50 million$50 - 75 million$75 - 100 million$100 - 150 millionOther

 













Give us a call now (877) 257-3840









Dynamic Wealth Advisors
Helping Financial Advisors Grow



















RIA Solutions for




Independent Advisors

 SCHEDULE A CALL





 LEARN HOW OUR SERVICES HELP YOU
Give Your Full Attention to Clients
GROW WITH DWA 








Who We Serve

 


We work with advisory firms of all types and sizes. From growing wealth and retirement plan advisors to new and established RIA firms, you can find support at DWA to help you enjoy the freedom to focus on your clients and develop new business. Whatever stage your company is in, you can benefit from utilizing our wealth management partners, enterprise relationships and pricing, and the efficiency and scale of our services and platform.

 






Advisors Leaving Independent RIAs seeking an RIA firm
					  









If you’re leaving an independent or employee-based RIA, you will appreciate our ready-to-use RIA, wealth management platforms, custodial relationships, investment management solutions, retirement plan services, virtual administrative assistance program, compliance support and more. You can also affiliate as an RIA or IAR of DWA’s RIA.

 



Advisors Going Independent From Traditional Brokerage Firms
					  









If you’re leaving a wirehouse and seeking a firm that specializes in the fee-based model, DWA provides an RIA and the support and services you need to make a quick and smooth transition to an independent practice. You avoid the steep learning curve, instead taking full advantage of our team’s expertise, top-tier custodial relationships, robust technology platforms, optional investment management solutions, compliance, and office support.

 



Advisors Leaving Independent Broker-Dealers For RIA Only Model
					  









You can leave your independent broker-dealer and enjoy our ready-to-use RIA, wealth management platforms, custodial relationships, investment management solutions, retirement plan services, virtual administrative assistance program, compliance support and more.

 



RIA Firms Seeking Outsourced Back and Middle Office Services
					  









Using DWA’s operational services and wealth management platform, you can streamline your practice, offer broader services, and develop a more scalable business.You’ll also benefit from our partner’s compliance services, reduced costs, and the comfort of knowing you have the proper infrastructure to support your operations.

 









What We Do

 




 
Improve Your
Operations
Learn More




 
Provide Comprehensive
Compliance
Learn More




 
Customize Your
Investment Administration
Learn More








How We Are Different

 


We Power Your Vision For Your Practice

 









Simplicity
Grow and enjoy your practice while
we handle the details for you.

 







Confidence

Have confidence in your practice and your team at Dynamic Wealth Advisors.
 


 



Control

Your practice remains your practice and you still retain full control of all your clients and activities.


 








Solutions for the Growth-oriented Independent Advisor

 


As the owner of an independent RIA firm, you are entrusted with the responsibility to run your business well. Choosing the right advisor technology, deciding which custodian is best for your clients, managing back and middle-office tasks, and finding the time to remain in compliance are all tasks that clamor for your attention.
Dynamic Wealth Advisors is the advisory and practice development firm dedicated to helping add time and resources to independently-owned advisory practices like yours with our turn-key and å la carte services. We help you operate how you want, offering multiple custodian support, compliance services, integrated technology and wealth management platforms, outsourced back and middle-office services, and other open source advisory products and services.

 Join Other Highly Successful Advisors Today








Our Partners

 




 




 




 




 




 




 





 LEARN MORE
About How We Help Advisors Grow
CONTACT US TODAY 

































Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Buys People's United Financial Inc, Hawaiian Electric Industries ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Buys People's United Financial Inc, Hawaiian Electric Industries ...


January 19, 2017, 04:38:02 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLCNew Purchases: PBCT , HE , DLR , TBF, SBUX, PSX, DG, PDP, TOT, IYR,Added Positions:DOG, SIX, VLO, CF, PPL, GM, RGC, NKE, VOO, DIS,Reduced Positions:WDC, BCE, GSK, QCOM, PG, CERN, SPY, RMD, AMJ, KMI,Sold Out:MIC, TRP, OHI, EPR, LVS, TUP, GME, ESRX, CMG, TLT,For the details of Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Dynamic+Advisors+Solutions+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLCVerizon Communications Inc ( VZ ) - 118,824 shares, 2.76% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 5.35%General Electric Co ( GE ) - 198,642 shares, 2.73% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.99%AT&T Inc ( T ) - 144,574 shares, 2.67% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 3.94%ProShares Short Dow30 ( DOG ) - 269,498 shares, 2.23% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 379.82%People's United Financial Inc ( PBCT ) - 235,852 shares, 1.99% of the total portfolio. New PositionNew Purchase: People's United Financial Inc ( PBCT )Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC initiated holdings in People's United Financial Inc. The purchase prices were between $15.41 and $20, with an estimated average price of $17.67. The stock is now traded at around $19.12. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.99%. The holdings were 235,852 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Hawaiian Electric Industries Inc (HE)Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC initiated holdings in Hawaiian Electric Industries Inc. The purchase prices were between $28.4 and $33.78, with an estimated average price of $30.49. The stock is now traded at around $33.02. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.79%. The holdings were 124,431 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Digital Realty Trust Inc (DLR)Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC initiated holdings in Digital Realty Trust Inc. The purchase prices were between $87.54 and $98.41, with an estimated average price of $92.96. The stock is now traded at around $104.70. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.5%. The holdings were 35,089 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: ProShares Short 20+ Year Treasury (TBF)Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC initiated holdings in ProShares Short 20+ Year Treasury. The purchase prices were between $21.11 and $24.32, with an estimated average price of $22.72. The stock is now traded at around $23.76. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.28%. The holdings were 122,955 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Starbucks Corp (SBUX)Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC initiated holdings in Starbucks Corp. The purchase prices were between $51.77 and $59.31, with an estimated average price of $55.4. The stock is now traded at around $57.89. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.61%. The holdings were 25,096 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Phillips 66 (PSX)Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC initiated holdings in Phillips 66. The purchase prices were between $78.34 and $88.17, with an estimated average price of $83.13. The stock is now traded at around $82.99. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.41%. The holdings were 11,019 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: ProShares Short Dow30 ( DOG )Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC added to the holdings in ProShares Short Dow30 by 379.82%. The purchase prices were between $18.94 and $21.18, with an estimated average price of $20.31. The stock is now traded at around $19.05. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.77%. The holdings were 269,498 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX)Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC added to the holdings in Six Flags Entertainment Corp by 87.38%. The purchase prices were between $50.68 and $60.3, with an estimated average price of $55.96. The stock is now traded at around $60.13. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.84%. The holdings were 69,027 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Valero Energy Corp (VLO)Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC added to the holdings in Valero Energy Corp by 88.32%. The purchase prices were between $52.9 and $69.45, with an estimated average price of $61.55. The stock is now traded at around $66.07. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.83%. The holdings were 59,628 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: CF Industries Holdings Inc (CF)Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC added to the holdings in CF Industries Holdings Inc by 81.72%. The purchase prices were between $22.28 and $31.95, with an estimated average price of $26.9. The stock is now traded at around $32.27. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.83%. The holdings were 135,144 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: PPL Corp (PPL)Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC added to the holdings in PPL Corp by 668.05%. The purchase prices were between $32.19 and $34.74, with an estimated average price of $33.54. The stock is now traded at around $34.23. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.78%. The holdings were 60,876 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: General Motors Co (GM)Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC added to the holdings in General Motors Co by 72.86%. The purchase prices were between $30.96 and $37.66, with an estimated average price of $33.61. The stock is now traded at around $37.26. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.66%. The holdings were 103,102 shares as of 2016-12-31.Sold Out: TransCanada Corp (TRP)Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC sold out the holdings in TransCanada Corp. The sale prices were between $43 and $47.64, with an estimated average price of $45.41.Sold Out: Macquarie Infrastructure Corp (MIC)Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC sold out the holdings in Macquarie Infrastructure Corp. The sale prices were between $77.87 and $83.82, with an estimated average price of $81.94.Sold Out: Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI)Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC sold out the holdings in Omega Healthcare Investors Inc. The sale prices were between $28.31 and $35.04, with an estimated average price of $30.87.Sold Out: EPR Properties (EPR)Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC sold out the holdings in EPR Properties. The sale prices were between $66.63 and $77.97, with an estimated average price of $71.43.Sold Out: Las Vegas Sands Corp (LVS)Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC sold out the holdings in Las Vegas Sands Corp. The sale prices were between $53.41 and $62.84, with an estimated average price of $58.27.Sold Out: Tupperware Brands Corp (TUP)Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC sold out the holdings in Tupperware Brands Corp. The sale prices were between $52.62 and $66.36, with an estimated average price of $58.61.DOG 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of DOGPeter Lynch Chart of DOGPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        VZ
                                    
, 

                                        GE
                                    
, 

                                        T
                                    
, 

                                        DOG
                                    
, 

                                        PBCT
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




This is the cheapest company in the Buffett-Munger model portfolio














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Helmerich & Payne Couldn't Get Over the Profit Hurdle Last Quarter


						7/28/2017 09:46 AM
					



Nestle Cuts Its Outlook as Sales Stall


						7/28/2017 09:42 AM
					



Starbucks' Teavana Fails to Thrive in Struggling Malls


						7/28/2017 09:39 AM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





VZ








74%



Rate It





GE








88%



Rate It





T








75%



Rate It





DOG








100%



Rate It





PBCT








0%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX











































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Dynamic Advisor Solutions LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback



























dynamic advisor solutions llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Dynamic Advisor Solutions LLC, doing business as Dynamic Wealth Advisors, operates as an investment advisory firm. The Company provides financial planning, consulting, and investment management services to individuals, high net worth individuals, trusts, estates, charitable organizations, pension plans, profit sharing plans, and businesses.




Corporate Information
Address:

7150 East Camelback Road
Suite 444
Scottsdale, AZ 85251
United States


Phone:
1-877-257-3840


Fax:
1-480-718-8778


Web url:
www.dynamicwealthadvisors.com























From The Web











Key Executives


James Richard Cannon "Jim"


Chief Executive OFC/Founder




Craig Paul Morningstar


Chief Operating Officer




Cherie Jolly


Chief Compliance Officer




Fran Gillis


Mng Dir:Retirement Plans







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































﻿






























Altria Group (NYSE:MO) Stake Boosted by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Altria Group

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Altria Group with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Syneron Medical Ltd. (NASDAQ:ELOS) Rating Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub
ValuEngine Upgrades Tower International, Inc. (NYSE:TOWR) to Strong-Buy
BidaskClub Upgrades Meta Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:CASH) to Buy
Altria Group (NYSE:MO) Stake Boosted by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System
Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $1,053,000 Position in Red Hat, Inc. (RHT)
Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $1.06 Million Stake in Curtiss-Wright Corporation (NYSE:CW)
Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Shares Bought by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System
LS Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 1,194 Shares of Nielsen N.V. (NLSN)
Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (ASH) Stake Decreased by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC
Lamb Weston Holdings Inc. (NYSE:LW) Stake Lowered by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC
United Parcel Service, Inc. (NYSE:UPS) Shares Bought by Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management
Terex Corporation (NYSE:TEX) Position Maintained by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC
Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Antero Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:AM) to Announce $0.41 EPS
Orthofix International N.V. (NASDAQ:OFIX) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research
Tahoe Resources, Inc. (NYSE:TAHO) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets
Financial Contrast: 22nd Century Group (NYSE:XXII) versus U.S. Energy Corp. (USEG)
Trina Solar Limited (NYSE:TSL) vs. Ideal Power (IPWR) Head to Head Analysis
Analysts Expect Kimbell Royalty (NYSE:KRP) Will Post Earnings of $0.11 Per Share
EndoChoice Holdings (GI) & Avinger (NASDAQ:AVGR) Financial Analysis
Contrasting Platform Specialty Products Corporation (NYSE:PAH) & TerraVia Holdings (TVIA)







Altria Group (NYSE:MO) Stake Boosted by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments




Louisiana State Employees Retirement System boosted its position in  Altria Group (NYSE:MO) by 0.5% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 119,800 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 600 shares during the period. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System’s holdings in Altria Group were worth $8,922,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of MO. Sterling Investment Advisors Ltd. raised its position in  Altria Group by 133.3% in the first quarter. Sterling Investment Advisors Ltd. now owns 1,400 shares of the company’s stock worth $100,000 after buying an additional 800 shares during the last quarter.  Perigon Wealth Management LLC raised its position in shares of  Altria Group by 4.7% in the first quarter. Perigon Wealth Management LLC now owns 1,641 shares of the company’s stock worth $118,000 after buying an additional 74 shares in the last quarter.  Proficio Capital Partners LLC raised its position in shares of  Altria Group by 97.4% in the first quarter. Proficio Capital Partners LLC now owns 1,664 shares of the company’s stock worth $121,000 after buying an additional 821 shares in the last quarter.  Advantage Investment Management LLC bought a new position in shares of  Altria Group during the fourth quarter worth $116,000.  Finally, Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. bought a new position in shares of  Altria Group during the first quarter worth $134,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  61.99% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Altria Group alerts:



Shares of Altria Group (NYSE:MO) opened at 73.96 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $143.41 billion, a P/E ratio of 10.01 and a beta of 0.64. Altria Group has a 1-year low of $60.82 and a 1-year high of $77.79. The company’s 50-day moving average is $74.75 and its 200-day moving average is $73.01. 





Altria Group (NYSE:MO) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, July 27th. The company reported $0.85 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.86 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $4.37 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.02 billion. Altria Group had a return on equity of 76.43% and a net margin of 55.99%. The company’s revenue was up 3.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.81 EPS.  Equities analysts expect that  Altria Group will post $3.28 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, July 10th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 15th were given a $0.61 dividend. This represents a $2.44 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.30%. The ex-dividend date  was Tuesday, June 13th. Altria Group’s payout ratio is 33.02%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/28/altria-group-nysemo-stake-boosted-by-louisiana-state-employees-retirement-system.html. 
A number of equities analysts recently weighed in on MO shares. Vetr upgraded shares of Altria Group from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $80.18 target price for the company in a research report on Monday, June 5th. BidaskClub lowered shares of Altria Group from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, June 28th. Cowen and Company  restated a “hold” rating and set a $74.00 target price on shares of Altria Group in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “hold” rating and set a $70.00 target price (down previously from $71.00) on shares of Altria Group in a research report on Monday, July 17th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies started coverage on shares of Altria Group in a research report on Wednesday, May 24th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $76.00 target price for the company. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $72.34.
In other Altria Group news, Director George Munoz sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.35, for a total value of $361,750.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Dinyar S. Devitre sold 4,285 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.72, for a total value of $303,035.20. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 112,457 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $7,952,959.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own  0.15% of the company’s stock. 
About Altria Group
Altria Group, Inc is a holding company. The Company’s segments include smokeable products, smokeless products and wine. The Company’s subsidiaries include Philip Morris USA Inc (PM USA), which is engaged in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes in the United States; John Middleton Co (Middleton), which is engaged in the manufacture and sale of machine-made cigars and pipe tobacco, and UST LLC (UST), which, through its subsidiaries, including U.S.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Altria Group (NYSE:MO).







Receive News & Ratings for Altria Group Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Altria Group and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 
















































 


Advisor Back Office Support | Arizona



























































 
























 
 

I have my own RIASomething ElseI’m interested in affiliating as an IAR with an RIA
My assets are$3 - 5 million$5 - 10 million$10 - 15 million$15 - 25 million$25 - 50 million$50 - 75 million$75 - 100 million$100 - 150 millionOther

 













Give us a call now (877) 257-3840









Dynamic Wealth Advisors
Helping Financial Advisors Grow






 



Grow Faster with Advisor Back OfficeYou are here:HomeGrow Faster













What is an Advisor Back Office?

 


Independent financial advisors and Registered Investment Advisors  have deep concerns for their clients’ interests. They also tend to be good problem solvers. But, many times they end up performing a variety of tasks that may not be the most productive use of their time. 
For instance,  administrative and operational functions.  Their belief is they need to do it all to provide the best service and advice for their clients. But, often they become overloaded working with custodians, technology, investment administration, compliance, etc.  
Advisors in this situation spend much of their time just working to keep things going. Often times this can stand in the way of better service to clients and gathering new clients.  Many advisors use an Advisor Back Office to solve this problem.   










What are the Benefits of an  Advisor Back Office?

 


Well, think about Led Zeppelin, one of the most successful rock bands in history. Was their success because the musicians set the stage and scheduled their own tours? 
This metaphor emphasizes the importance of applying  your time to what you do best. With back office support, you are not burdened with non-revenue producing obligations. Most times, these obligations stand in the way of your clients and success.  With an Advisor Back Office you have the potential for increased productivity. Your clients will be more satisfied and you will enjoy increased practice satisfaction.










The highlights of   Advisor Back Office services:

 

Managing the set up and administration of custodians.
Administering account opening, transfers, money movement, cost basis and other account related tasks.
Managing books & records retention, and regulatory updates/filings.

Cyber Security, policies and procedures updates and testing.

Client communication and administration of  client portals
Investment administration, including cash for fees, rebalancing, and monitoring for distributions and contributions.
Managing  technology vendor relationships, due diligence and a an integrated technology platform.

Technology knowledge resources and related training.

Practice management coaching and productivity resources
Client billing

Account  aggregation for consolidated reporting, monitoring, management and billing
Client reporting



Think about the hours and days  you could save by having a full operational support team.  Imagine the benefits of focusing on better client service and practice productivity.










There is a better way!




You want the best for your clients, but there are not enough hours to stay on top of all the responsibilities. Dynamic Wealth Advisors offers a better way. We handle the details,  so you can focus on your clients and enjoy your practice again.













 LEARN MORE
About How We Help Advisors Grow
CONTACT US TODAY 


























 


Wealth Management Partners - DWA - Scottsdale, Arizona
































































 
























 
 

I have my own RIASomething ElseI’m interested in affiliating as an IAR with an RIA
My assets are$3 - 5 million$5 - 10 million$10 - 15 million$15 - 25 million$25 - 50 million$50 - 75 million$75 - 100 million$100 - 150 millionOther

 













Give us a call now (877) 257-3840









Dynamic Wealth Advisors
Helping Financial Advisors Grow






 



Contact UsYou are here:HomeContact Us













Name*


First



Last

Email*

Phone*Additional CommentsWe treat inquiries with complete confidentiality.

 












     7150 East Camelback Road, Suite 444
Scottsdale, AZ 85251
     (877) 257-3840
    joinus@dynamicwealthadvisors.com

 


 





























 


Financial Advisory services in Scottsdale, AZ



























































 
























 
 

I have my own RIASomething ElseI’m interested in affiliating as an IAR with an RIA
My assets are$3 - 5 million$5 - 10 million$10 - 15 million$15 - 25 million$25 - 50 million$50 - 75 million$75 - 100 million$100 - 150 millionOther

 













Give us a call now (877) 257-3840









Dynamic Wealth Advisors
Helping Financial Advisors Grow






 



OnboardingYou are here:HomeOnboarding













Our track record shows most advisors transition their accounts in 2-4 weeks, and are in the practice development and growth phase a short time later.

 









Understanding your Practice and Goals.
We consider your current state and practice objectives by working with you to complete a Practice Assessment. Our collaborative and interactive approach to this important step promotes visioning and solidifies your practice goals and objectives as well as the logistical issues of assimilating your practice.


 









Developing Your Practice Plan.
We draft an on-boarding plan tailored to your practice. Together we discuss and agree to the best way to proceed based upon your input and the experience of working with hundreds of advisors.


 









Document and Client Meeting Preparation.
DWA facilitates the preparation of necessary firm and custodian documents and coordinates any custodian and registration issues. In many cases, only a couple of forms are required to be signed. Most can be handled electronically. We address your questions and potential client concerns, and ensure you’re ready for any client meetings.


 









Regular Process Checks and Collaboration.
DWA facilitates planned calls with you and staff to stay on track, ensures you are well informed, and sets in motion the steps to further develop your practice. All this while always looking for opportunities to produce better results for you and your clients.


 







DWA works closely with you to ensure your practice objectives are achieved well beyond your transition.Our success is tightly aligned with your success.

 














 LEARN MORE
About How We Help Advisors Grow
CONTACT US TODAY 




























Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC | Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Portfolio - 2017 Stock Picks and Performances 





























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Warren Buffett


Bruce Berkowitz


George Soros


Seth Klarman


David Tepper


John Paulson


David Einhorn


Mohnish Pabrai


Prem Watsa


Bill Ackman


Joel Greenblatt


Carl Icahn


Arnold Schneider


Arnold Van Den Berg


Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss


Bill Ackman


Bill Gates


Bill Nygren


Bruce Berkowitz


Carl Icahn


Full Gurus List




Gurus List





Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 























Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC 

                Last Update: 07-11-2017 
            





                    Number of Stocks: 205

                    Number of New Stocks: 27




                    Total Value: $235 Mil

                    Q/Q Turnover: 13%


Countries:
                
 











This content requires JavaScript.

Details: Top Buys | Top Sales | Top Holdings  Embed:  



Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		




Add to Personalized Guru List
Remove from Personalized Guru List
RSS Update




LatestStock PicksCurrent PortfolioProfile/PerformanceSector Weighting




Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC has been successfully added into your Personalized Guru List.
        



Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC has been removed from your Personalized Guru List.
        



            This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
            GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC has been successfully added into Guru Email Alerts list.
        



Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC has been removed from Guru Email Alerts list.
        



This feature is only available for Members, please Sign Up for FREE membership.
                If you have already signed up, please Log In






Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC's Portfolio is for Premium Plus  Membership subscribers only.

	
	GuruFocus Premium Plus  Membership
(This is a new feature)


 Gain access to the portfolios and trades of ALL 13F filers
 Their trading history
 Aggregated portfolio of any combinations among them
 Email alerts
 Excel Add-in for fully customized data downloads and research
 API for Guru/Insider data downloads (Realtime & historical)


7-Day Free Trial
Learn more








Add Notes, CommentsIf you want to ask a question or report a bug, please create a support ticket.






Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK






















 


Financial advisors - Scottsdale, Arizona



























































 
























 
 

I have my own RIASomething ElseI’m interested in affiliating as an IAR with an RIA
My assets are$3 - 5 million$5 - 10 million$10 - 15 million$15 - 25 million$25 - 50 million$50 - 75 million$75 - 100 million$100 - 150 millionOther

 













Give us a call now (877) 257-3840









Dynamic Wealth Advisors
Helping Financial Advisors Grow






 



About DWAYou are here:HomeAbout DWA













DWA services a variety of advisory practices, facilitating the opportunity to operate the way you want.

 


Dynamic Wealth Advisors is an advisory and practice development firm servicing independently owned advisory practices throughout the U.S. DWA offers complete turn-key as well as á la carte RIA services, including back and middle office services, integrated technology and wealth management platforms, multiple custodians, compliance services and other open source advisory products and services. We manage all the operational and administrative functions for growing wealth and retirement plan advisors, and RIA firms. Individual advisors affiliated with DWA enjoy the freedom to focus on their clients and develop new business. Established RIAs benefit from DWA’s back and middle office services, wealth management platforms, enterprise relationships and pricing, and the efficiency and scale of DWA’s services and platform.

 











Advisors Leaving Independent RIAs seeking an RIA firm
Advisors leaving an independent or employee based RIA will appreciate our ready-to-use RIA, wealth management platforms, custodial relationships, investment management solutions, retirement plan services, virtual administrative assistance program, compliance support and more. Affiliate as an RIA or IAR of DWA’s RIA.










Advisors Going Independent From Traditional Brokerage Firms
If you’re leaving a wirehouse and seeking a firm that specializes in the fee based model, DWA provides an RIA and the support and services you need to make a quick and smooth transition to an independent practice. You avoid the steep learning curve, instead taking full advantage of our team’s expertise, top tier custodial relationships, robust technology platforms, optional investment management solutions, compliance and office support.











Advisors Leaving Independent Broker-Dealers For RIA Only Model
Advisors Leaving Independent Broker-Dealers For RIA Only Model – Advisors leaving an independent broker-dealer enjoy our ready-to-use RIA, wealth management platforms, custodial relationships, investment management solutions, retirement plan services, virtual administrative assistance program, compliance support and more





RIA Firms Seeking Outsourced Back and Middle Office Services
Using DWA’s operational services and wealth management platform, RIAs are able to streamline their practices, offer broader services and develop a more scaleable business. RIA firms also benefit from our partner’s compliance services, reduced costs and the comfort of knowing they have the proper infrastructure to support their operations.








We invite you to join the other highly successful financial advisors and RIAs that have affiliated with DWA. We’re confident you’ll see how much easier, productive and efficient your practice can be through Dynamic Wealth Advisors.

 















 LEARN MORE
About How We Help Advisors Grow
CONTACT US TODAY 


























 


Craig Morningstar - Dynamic Wealth Advisors

























































 
























 
 

I have my own RIASomething ElseI’m interested in affiliating as an IAR with an RIA
My assets are$3 - 5 million$5 - 10 million$10 - 15 million$15 - 25 million$25 - 50 million$50 - 75 million$75 - 100 million$100 - 150 millionOther

 













Give us a call now (877) 257-3840









Dynamic Wealth Advisors
Helping Financial Advisors Grow










Craig MorningstarYou are here:HomeTeammateCraig Morningstar









 

Email: craigmorningstar@dynamicwealthadvisors.com  |  Phone: (877) 257-3840 ext560  |  Linkedin


With industry experience at major firms, independent broker-dealers, turn-key asset management providers and RIAs, Craig is an exceptionally capable leader. His extensive experiences as a business owner, practice manager, and compliance and business consultant are invaluable to advisors.
Craig began his financial industry career in 1987 as 401k educator. Securities and insurance licensed since 1991, he brings a broad range of experience to Dynamic Wealth Advisors, including previous roles as a financial planner, retail broker, institutional trader and trading manager, branch manager, RIA owner and operator, compliance and audit officer, and chief operating officer and president.
In addition to his financial industry experience, Craig is an accomplished public speaker, published author, guest columnist and community volunteer. Craig’s volunteer efforts focus on business leadership associations, advising non-profit boards and coaching high school hockey.
 

























 


Practice Management Financial Advisors - Scottsdale, Arizona



























































 
























 
 

I have my own RIASomething ElseI’m interested in affiliating as an IAR with an RIA
My assets are$3 - 5 million$5 - 10 million$10 - 15 million$15 - 25 million$25 - 50 million$50 - 75 million$75 - 100 million$100 - 150 millionOther

 













Give us a call now (877) 257-3840









Dynamic Wealth Advisors
Helping Financial Advisors Grow






 



What We DoYou are here:HomeWhat We Do
















 


How We Help  Your Operations

 


DWA executes the critical administrative services so you can spend time with clients and build your practice.

 
Account opening processing, document preparation for electronic signature, transfer and money movement tracking, cost basis updates and other account related administration.here!
Technology platform administration and security management for CRM, planning, portfolio management, email, documents and client portals
Account billing, including fee calculations for advisory fees and invoices for planning fees as specified by you
Data aggregation and billing on aggregated accounts
Client reporting, including generation and delivery of performance and other reports.
Custodian relationship management to ensure you and your clients have the best pricing, access and resources
Custom client reports, virtual administrative assistance and financial planning support.




Ready for us to help your advisor operations?

 


Learn More Now

 




 


How We Handle Compliance

 


DWA handles firm compliance and regulatory administration and assists you in setting up the proper systems in your practice.

 
Trade administration, based upon our investment models or your’s
Maintenance of client contracts
Form ADV updates
Business continuity plan
Policies and procedures
Books and records requirements
Training and education
Cyber security reviews
Updates and alerts
Customized client communication
Compliance testing
Systems checks




Don’t you want compliance that is both simple and comprehensive?

 


Learn More Now

 




 


How We Handle Investment Administration

 


Your practice remains your practice and you still retain full control of all your clients
and activities.

 
Trading per advisor instructions
Rebalancing in accordance with model specifications
On-going monitoring for cash deposits or withdrawals and fee billing
Managing position exclusions for legacy or tax purposes
 Research and implementation of the most appropriate solutions for each client.




Wouldn’t you like to have better investment administration?   

 


Learn More Now

 













Practice Management Coaching

 






Serve as sounding board to your practice plans and objectives
Develop client segmentation and service strategy with consistent pricing
Incorporating planning into practice; creating your culture on your team







Working with other advisors
Hiring and training staff
Succession planning































 LEARN MORE
About How We Help Advisors Grow
CONTACT US TODAY 



























Let's Grow Together - Dynamic Wealth Solutions LLC












































































Skip to content









Dynamic Wealth Solutions LLC
Personalized Investment Strategies










Let’s Grow Together




















Loading stock data... 
 
 












Welcome
Dynamic Wealth Solutions LLC is an independent registered investment advisor that offers personalized investment strategies and comprehensive financial planning. Built on trust and dependability, DWS is committed to providing clients with the world's finest investing experience.





Learn More



 
 
 









 









 



1-844-397-7767
 
 
 











 
 
 






 
 
 











Dynamic Wealth Solutions LLC
Headquarters Address: 29777 Telegraph Rd. Suite 2417 Southfield, MI 48034
Disclosure
Investment advisory services offered through Dynamic Wealth Solutions LLC, a registered investment adviser. This page is published for residents of the United States and is for informational purposes only. Investment Adviser Representatives may only conduct business with residents of the states and jurisdictions in which they are properly registered. Therefore, a response to a request for information may be delayed until appropriate registration is obtained or exemption from registration is determined. Not all of services referenced on this site are available in every state and through every adviser listed. Dynamic Wealth Solutions, LLC does not offer legal or tax advice. Please consult the appropriate professional regarding your individual circumstance. For additional information, please contact our office at 1-844-397-7767
 
 
 









 














	Copyright © 2017 Dynamic Wealth Solutions LLC — Escapade WordPress theme by GoDaddy





 























