










 




	DUCK DYNASTY Trademark of A&E Television Networks, LLC. Serial Number: 85571863 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Leather Products (not including cloth...
DUCK DYNASTY










 
Get FREE email alerts













DUCK DYNASTY  Trademark Information
 A&E Television Networks, LLC
Bags, namely, hobo bags, sports bags, handbags, clutches, purses, overnight bags, gym bags, beach bags, carry-on bags, cosmetic bags sold empty
China, namely, ornaments, decorative centerpieces, figures, plaques, and sculptures; glassware and earthenware for tabletops, namely, beverageware, jars, plaques, figures and decorative centerpieces; drinking glasses, figurines of china, crystal, earthenware, glass, porcelain, terra cotta, plastic and stained glass; ice buckets
Clothing, namely, skirts, dresses, shirts, shorts, blouses, sweaters, sweat jackets, sweat pants, sweat suits, sweat shorts, swim wear, gloves, scarves and outer jackets




Perfect for these industries

Leather Products (not including clothing)
Houseware and Glass Products
Clothing Products





Words that describe this mark
bags         hobo   bags      sports   bags      handbags      clutches      purses      overnight   bags      gym   bags      beach   bags      carryon   bags    
                                    




This is a brand page for the DUCK DYNASTY trademark by A&E Television Networks, LLC 
                                in New York, NY, 10017.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this DUCK DYNASTY trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner A&E Television Networks, LLC of the DUCK DYNASTY trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the DUCK DYNASTY trademark.
                           






On Friday, March 16, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        DUCK DYNASTY by 
                        A&E Television Networks, LLC, New York, NY  10017.
                        The USPTO has given the DUCK DYNASTY 
                        trademark serial  number of  85571863.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for DUCK DYNASTY is 
                        
                        
                                            MONICA B. RICHMAN of 
                                            Dentons US LLP,  P.O. BOX 061080, WACKER DR. STATION, 233 SOUTH WACKER DR. CHICAGO IL 60606-1080
                                .
                            The DUCK DYNASTY trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Leather Products (not including clothing)
                                , 
                                    Houseware and Glass Products
                                , 
                                    Clothing Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for DUCK DYNASTY 
                            is Bags, namely, hobo bags, sports bags, handbags, clutches, purses, overnight bags, gym bags, beach bags, carry-on bags, cosmetic bags sold empty. 
                            





Word mark:
 DUCK DYNASTY


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

11/23/2015






  Serial Number:  
85571863


  Filing Date:  
3/16/2012


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Bags, namely, hobo bags, sports bags, handbags, clutches, purses, overnight bags, gym bags, beach bags, carry-on bags, cosmetic bags sold empty


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/28/2012


Last Applicant/Owner:

A&E Television Networks, LLCNew York, NY  10017
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


MONICA B. RICHMAN
Dentons US LLP
P.O. BOX 061080
WACKER DR. STATION, 233 SOUTH WACKER DR.
CHICAGO IL 60606-1080





 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (018) - Leather and imitations of leather, and goods made of these materials and not included in other classes; animal skins, hides; trunks and travelling bags; umbrellas, parasols and walking sticks; whips, harness and saddlery. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (021) - Household or kitchen utensils and containers; combs and sponges; brushes (except paint brushes); brush-making materials; articles for cleaning purposes; steel-wool; unworked or semi-worked glass (except glass used in building); glassware, porcelain and earthenware not included in other classes. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (025) - Clothing, footwear, headgear. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your DUCK DYNASTY trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

11/23/2015
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



MONICA B. RICHMAN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of DUCK DYNASTY trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search duckdynasty on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for DUCK DYNASTY 




DUCK DYNASTY is providing Bags, namely, hobo bags, sports bags, handbags, clutches, purses, overnight bags, gym bags, beach bags, carry-on bags, cosmetic bags sold empty.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 



























DYNASTY MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS LLC | Travelers Insurance












skip to main content Open mobile menu

Travelers Home Page







            Log in
        



Username 


Password 
 Remember User ID
Problems logging in?   |   Register now
Log In








Home


For Individuals


Products


Car


Home


Renters


Condo


Boat & Yacht


All Products


Get a Quote




Tools & Resources


Insurance 101


Home Central


Travelers Garage


Get a Quote




Online Service


Get a Quote




For Business


Products & Solutions


Boiler & Machinery


Boiler & Machinery Risk Control


Boiler Reinsurance


Equipment Breakdown Coverage




Commercial Auto & Trucking


Commercial Auto for Public Sector


Northland


Oil & Gas Auto


Small Business Auto




Cyber


CyberFirst Essentials


Cyber for Public Entity


CyberFirst for Technology


CyberRisk




Environmental Liability


Excess Casualty & Umbrella


Excess Casualty


Northfield


Oil & Gas EnergyPro Excess Casualty & Umbrella


Small Business Umbrella




General Liability


EnergyPro Control of Well


Well Control Services




EnergyPro General Liability Oil & Gas


General Liability for Public Sector


Law Enforcement Liability


MedFirst


Owners & Contractor Protective Liability


Railroad Liability




Global Insurance


Controlled Master Program


Global Companion


Global Technology




Inland Marine


Construction


Builders Risk


Contractors' Equipment


Installation




Inland Renewable Energy


Museums & Fine Art


Special Investigations Group


Transportation, Cargo & Logistics




Management & Professional Liability


Directors & Officers


Employment Practices Liability


ERISA Fidelity


Errors & Omissions


Accountants Professional Liability


Design Professional Liability


Legal Professional Liability


Miscellaneous Professional Liability


Professional Liability for Financial Institutions


Real Estate Professional Liability




Fidelity & Crime


Fiduciary Liability


Financial Institution Bonds


Identity Fraud Expense Reimbursement


Kidnap & Ransom


Non-profit Directors & Officers


Public Entity Employment Practices


Public Entity Management Liability




National Programs


Contact Us




Ocean Marine


Luxury Yacht


Marine Contractors


Marine Service Suppliers


Marine Transportation Providers


Ocean Cargo




Property


National Property


Oil & Gas


Public Entities


Technology


Travelers Deluxe Property




Small Business Owner's Policy


Surety Bonds


Commercial Surety


Owner Obligee


POA Verify


Travelers Click


What is a Surety Bond




Contract Surety


Owner Obligee


POA Verify


What is a Surety Bond






Workers Compensation


Oil & Gas Workers Compensation


Public Sector Workers Compensation


Small Business Workers Compensation






Industries


Agribusiness


Farm & Ranch


Horse & Stable


Winery & Vineyard




Architects, Engineers & Surveyors


Arts & Entertainment


Golf


Museums




Auto & Truck Dealers


Business Services


Building Services Contractors


Legal


Printing & Publishers




Construction


Bridge


Concrete


Electrical


Excavation


Fire Sprinkler


General Contractors


Highway, Street & Road


Masonry


Millwright


Plumbing


Tile


Utility




Education


Public Schools




Energy & Renewable


LP Gas Distributors


Oil and Gas


Solar


Wind




Equipment Dealers


Financial Institutions


Asset Management Firms


Banks & Diversified Financial Institutions


Insurance Companies


Property & Casualty for Financial Institutions




Food Services


Restaurant


Winery




Health & Related Services


Healthcare


Medical Technology




Hospitality


Manufacturing


Craft Breweries


Electrical Equipment


Food Products


High Hazard


Metal


Mineral


Plastics & Rubber


Textiles


Wood




Marine Industries


Non-profit


Oil and Gas


Drilling Contractors


Industry Suppliers


Manufacturers


Midstream Companies


Operators & Non-Operators


Service Contractors


Oil & Gas Risk Control




Public Entities


Indian Nations


Municipalities


Public Schools


Transit Authorities


Water & Sewer




Real Estate


Real Estate Professionals


Real Estate Owners




Retail


Technology


Electronics


Global Technology


Information Technology


Medical Technology


Telecommunications




Transportation


Wholesale & Distribution




Services


Premium Audit


Claim


Online Customer Tools


Risk Control


Education and Training


Industrial Hygiene Laboratory


About the Lab


Core Lab Services


Industrial Hygiene Training


Instructional Videos


Travelers Policyholder Services




Our People


Risk Management Success Story Videos




Risk Management News and Insights


Risk Management Solutions


Risk Management Specialization


Commercial Fleets


Equipment Breakdown


Ergonomics Consulting Services


Fire Protection


Inland Network Risk Control Services


Product Safety and Liability


Slip, Trip and Fall Prevention




The Way We Work




Risk Management Information Services


Contact RMIS


e-Carma




Travelers Client Advantage




Pay Your Bill


Small Business


Automobile Insurance


Business Owner's Policy


Data Breach


Employment Practices Liability


Professional Insurance


Umbrella Insurance


Workers Compensation Insurance


Workplace 2.0






Large Business


Casualty


Cyber


Management & Professional Liability


Property


Customized Property Coverage


Excess Property Market


Global Property Coverage


Specialty Market Programs






Multinational Business




Claim


Report A Claim


Check Claim Status


Find Claim Service Providers


Support for Individuals


Auto Support


ConciergeCLAIM


Roadside Assistance


Total Loss


Understand Your Estimate




Home & Condo Support


Condo


Depreciation


Loss of Use


Understand Your Estimate




Renters Support


Depreciation


Understand Your Estimate




Boat & Yacht Support


Umbrella Support




Support for Business


Auto Support


ConciergeCLAIM


Total Loss


Understand Your Estimate




Property Support


Business Income Coverage


Calculating Coinsurance


Depreciation


Understand Your Estimate




Workers Comp Support


State Resources


Find a Workers Comp Office




General Liability Support


Products Liability




Specialized Industries & Risks




Catastrophe Response


Customer Stories




Prepare & Prevent


Featured


Business


Business Continuity


Business Continuity Planning in 4 Steps


Business Risk Assessment


Employee Communication & Safety


Why is Business Continuity Important?




Cyber Security


3 Steps for Data Assessment, Inventory & Classification


4 Steps to Help Manage a Data Breach


5 Ways to Help Protect Your Company’s Data


9 Key Elements of a Data Security Policy


11 Steps to Help Protect Your Business from Cyber Extortion


Anatomy of a Main Street Hack


Crisis Communications Planning for a Data Breach


Cyber Risk Pressure Test


Cyber Security Training for Employees


Data Management Tips for Business Continuity


Developing a Data Breach Incident Response Plan


How Digital Forensics Detectives Investigate a Data Breach


How Does a Data Breach Happen


Network Security Tips & Guidelines


Password Security Tips


Top 5 Cyber Risks For Businesses


What is a Data Breach Coach




Driver and Fleet Safety


4 Steps to Help Identify Your Safest Drivers


4 Summer Driving Hazards to Be Aware Of


8 Elements of a Fleet Safety Program


Commercial Vehicle Compliance Regulations


Creating a Formal Fleet Seat Belt Policy


Encouraging Driver Health & Wellness


Fleet Maintenance Planning


Is Your Distracted Driving Policy Working?


Keeping Drivers Safe in Dangerous Conditions


Tips for Selecting Safe Drivers for Your Business


Vehicle Telematics Program Guidelines




Facilities Management


Building a Commercial Roof Inspection Plan


Commercial Boiler Maintenance


Fire Detection Systems


Fire Hazards in the Workplace


How to Help Protect Against Roof Collapse


Premises Security and Liability


Preventing Frozen Pipes for Businesses


Property Loss Prevention Plan


Tips to Help Prevent Roof Collapse


Types of Fire Sprinkler Systems


Vendor Risk Management Guidelines




Industries


Construction


5 Key Questions for Developing a Sound Lift Plan


Construction Risk Management


Construction Skilled Labor Shortages


Do You Have a Contractual Risk Transfer Program?


Finding an Effective Construction Subcontractor


Going Beyond OSHA's Minimum Standards for Crane Safety


How to Onboard Construction Workers


Mitigating Construction Defects with a Quality Control Program


Preparing Your Construction Site for Severe Weather


Protecting Your Construction Site from Fire, Water and Theft


Staying Safe Around Heavy Equipment


Types of Construction Defects


What Are Roles and Responsibilities During Crane Operations?




Manufacturing


3 Steps to Help Attract and Retain Skilled Manufacturing Talent


Is Your Manufacturing Supply Chain Vulnerable to Disruption?


Metals Manufacturing Trends


Plastics Manufacturing Trends


Supply Chain Bottleneck Management


Top Causes of Manufacturing Injuries




Real Estate


Small Business


Small Business Saturday Preparedness




Technology


Defending Your Supply Chain from Counterfeit Electronic Parts


How High-Tech Manufacturers Can Prepare for Global Risks


How to Help Protect Your Intellectual Property


Managing Your Intellectual Property


Reduce Risk from Wearables


Safely Managing E-Waste


The Risks of BYOD






Product and Services Liability


5 Steps for Product Liability Risk Management


Inside a Products Liability Claim


Manufacturers, Do You Understand Your Products Liability Risks?


Preparing for a Manufacturing Products Liability Claim


Product Life Cycle Risk Management


Risk Transfer Guidance for Agribusiness


Two Types of Liability




Risk Index


2016 Travelers Risk Index


2016 Business Risk Industry Charts


2016 Consumer Risk Key Findings and Charts


2016 Travelers Risk Infographic


Travelers Business Risk Index: Past Reports


Travelers Consumer Risk Index : Past Reports




Supply Chain Management


5 Tactics Cargo Thieves Use and How to Help Prevent Them


Counterfeit Parts Detection


Global Supply Chain Management Tips


Helping Protect Your Cargo While in Transit


How Well Do You Understand Your Cargo Theft Threats?


Supply Chain Inventory Management Backup Planning


Supply Chain Management Tips


Supply Chain Pressure Test


Where is Your Supply Chain the Most Vulnerable?




Workplace Safety


6 Behavioral Interviewing Tips


Best Practices for Developing a Fire Safety Plan


Cold & Flu Prevention in the Workplace


Creating a More Resilient Workforce


Creating a Safety and Wellness Culture in Your Company


Creating a Safety Culture in the Workplace


Ergonomics for the Road Warrior


Ergonomics in the Mobile Office


Ergonomics in the Modern Office


Guide to Ergonomics in the Workplace


Helping Employers Manage a Safer Workforce


Holiday Safety for Businesses


How to Adjust Your Desk Chair and Workstation


How to Attract the Right Job Candidates


How to Onboard and Train Employees into a Safety Culture


Injury Management Strategy and Planning


Is Distracted Walking on the Job a Hazard?


Ladder Safety Tips


Protecting Against Slips Trips and Falls During Winter


Slips, Trips, and Falls


Space Heater Safety in the Workplace


Stay Warm During Severe Cold Weather


The Modern Office Brings Emerging Risks


Tips for Creating a Safety Management Program


Workforce Pressure Test


Workplace Emergency Action Planning






Individuals


Boating


Boating Safety Tips


Developing a Storm Preparedness Plan for Your Boat


Emergency Preparedness Tips and Checklist for Boaters


How to Help Prepare Your Boat for Spring


How to Help Prevent Your Boat from Sinking


How to Help Trailer, Tow and Launch Your Boat Safely


Three of the Most Dangerous Boating Conditions


What Should I Do if My Boat is Damaged?




For Drivers


Distracted Driving


Distracted Driving Statistics


What Is Distracted Driving?




Safe Driving


5 Tips to Choose a GPS


Car Safety Technologies that May Save Your Life


Distracted Driving Quiz


Do I Need Snow Tires?


Driver's Ed Quiz


Driving in Fog Safely


Driving in Heavy Rain & Wind


Driving in Icy Conditions


Driving in Tornado and Hail Conditions


How Crumple Zones Work


How to Help Winterize Your Car


Keeping Your Passengers Safe on the Road


Share the Road


Shopping for a Safe Car


Spring Driving Tips


The Science Behind Winter Driving


The Science of Car Crashes


Tips for Handling a Tire Blowout


Tips to Check Tire Tread


Winter Driving Quiz


Winter Driving Safety Tips


Winter Driving Survival Kit Infographic


Work Zone Traffic Safety




Teen Driving Safety


5 Teen Texting and Driving Tips


Apps to Help Keep Your Teen Driver Safe


A Timeline for Getting Your Teen Driver on the Road Safely


Choosing Safe Cars for Teens


Driving Safety Talk for Teens


Keeping Your Teen Driver Safe


Parent Teen Coaching Guide


Teen Driving Statistics




Traveling


3 Second Rule for Safe Following Distance


Car Rules for Passengers


How to Pack a Car Safely


How to Protect Your Car From Theft


Summer Driving Tips


Truck Zone Safety


What to Do If You Are in a Car Accident


What to Do If Your Car Breaks Down






For Households


Fire Safety


Electrical Safety in the Home


Fireplace Safety and Maintenance


Help Prevent Common Household Fires


Help Prevent Cooking Fires


Holiday Fire Safety Tips [Infographic]


How to Create a Fire Evacuation Plan


How to Use a Fire Extinguisher


Kitchen Fire Safety


Pellet Stove Safety Tips


Space Heater Safety


Types of Fire Extinguishers


Wood Stove Safety Tips




Home Maintenance


Call Before You Dig


Fall Maintenance Tips


How to Help Prevent Frozen Pipes


How to Help Prevent Water Damage


Protecting Your Home from Storm Water Damage


Spring Maintenance Tips


Summer Home Maintenance Tips


Sump Pump Maintenance


Tree Maintenance and Care


Winter Home Maintenance Tips


Winterize Your Home Water System




Home Safety


5 Smart Home Automation Safety Tips


6 Essential Travel Tips


9 Home Security Tips


Generator Safety


Grilling Safety Tips


Halloween Safety Tips


Holiday Decorating Safety


Home Solar Panel Installation Tips


How Smart Thermostats Can Help Protect Your Home


How Water Sensors Can Help Prevent Costly Water Damage


How to Help Prevent Heat Stroke


Preparing Your Home for Vacation


Snowbirds Winterize Your Vacant Home


Swimming Pool Safety Tips


The Use of Smart Home Technology in Fire Prevention and Detection


Three Minute Home Security Checklist


Tips to Help Prevent Carbon Monoxide Poisoning


Top Five Dangers to Your House


What Is a Smart Alarm System and Why Should I Consider One?


Yard Safety Tips




Smart Home


5 Smart Home Automation Safety Tips


How Smart Thermostats Can Help Protect Your Home


How Water Sensors Can Help Prevent Costly Water Damage


Smart Home Technology in Fire Prevention and Detection


What Is a Smart Alarm System and Why Should I Consider One?






Identity Theft


4 Tips for Holiday Safety


How to Protect Yourself From Package Theft and Id Fraud


Online Identity Theft Prevention


Preventing Offline Identity Fraud


Preventing Tax Fraud and Identity Theft


What to do If Your Identity is Stolen




Risk Index


2016 Travelers Risk Index


2016 Business Risk Industry Charts


2016 Consumer Risk Key Findings and Charts


2016 Travelers Risk Infographic


Travelers Business Risk Index: Past Reports


Travelers Consumer Risk Index : Past Reports






Seasonal


Autumn Safety Tips


National Preparedness Month




Spring Safety Tips


Summer Safety Tips


Winter Safety Tips




Weather


Earthquakes


Earthquake Facts and Myths


Earthquake Safety and Preparedness


Earthquake Safety Quiz




Emergency Preparedness


4 Tips to Help You Stay Safe During a Natural Disaster


Disaster Planning Guide


Disaster Preparedness Tips


Emergency Evacuation Planning


Home Inventory Checklist


How to Build an Emergency Preparedness Kit


Natural Disaster Recovery Plan


Preparedness Kit Quiz




Floods


Flood Damage Prevention




Hail


Hail Protection for Your Home


Identifying Hail Damage




Hurricanes


How to Help Prepare for a Hurricane


Hurricane Facts and Myths


Hurricane Facts and Safety Tips


Hurricane Preparedness for Businesses


Hurricane Survival Guide




Severe Weather Alerts


Thunderstorms


Lightning Safety Outdoors


Lightning Safety Tips


Protecting Your Home from Lightning




Tornadoes


How to Help Prepare for Tornadoes


Tornado Facts & Tips Infographic


Tornado Safety at Home


What to Do During a Tornado




Wildfires


How to Help Prepare for a Wildfire




Winter Storms


How to Help Prepare for a Snow Storm


How to Help Prevent Ice Dams


How to Help Treat Hypothermia and Frostbite


How to Identify and Help Remove an Ice Dam


Removing Snow From Your Roof


Snow Shoveling Tips


Use Your Snow Blower Safely








Contact Us


About Travelers


Corporate Citizenship


Careers


News


For Investors


For Agents




Careers


For Agents


For Investors






DYNASTY MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS LLC


WWW.DMSINSURANCE.ORG








39.66528-104.86
2851 S PARKER RD STE 418, 

AURORA,CO 80014


            Get Directions »


Phone: 303-817-6559
Fax: 720-302-1536





        Products Offered:

Personal Insurance




           Start New Search







Find an insurance broker outside the US


Canada



Ireland



United Kingdom

Find a Lloyd's Broker








Why use an
                            independent agent?

                            Consumers are well served by turning to an independent agent for the personal service
                            and attention that an agent provides.
                        
Learn More »



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          












DYNASTY PROPERTY ID 8 LLC - Other Real Estate- Burris  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









DYNASTY PROPERTY ID 8 LLC

      Industry: Other Real Estate
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    117 Park Place  
    Venice, CA, 90291Phone: 4242522432 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-28


New


$68


$68


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Elliott Burris 
 Executive 












Natural Hazard Disclosure Company California Real Estate NHD








































 Cart 0
 Order Now


Toggle navigation









            Home                         
        


                        
            About
            




            History & Principles                         
        



            Locations                         
        



            Find My Rep                         
        



            FAQ                         
        



            Testimonials                         
        





            Products                         
        


                        
            Free Tools
            




            Booklets, Handouts and Guides                         
        



            NHD Comparison Report                         
        



            Home Sales Stats                         
        



            PDF Order Forms                         
        



            Property Tax Estimator                         
        



            Real Estate News                         
        





            Contact                         
        


                        
            My Account
            





            Sign In                         
        




            Register                         
        




            Order History                         
        




            Time of Listing Update                         
        




            Address Book                         
        




            Account Settings                         
        





 1-800-626-0106














Product Information






  Natural Hazard Disclosure (NHD) is a requirement for all California home sale transactions. The selection of a high quality NHD report is an important item on any home buyer check list, whether its a first-time home buyer or a seasoned real estate professional. Property ID Corporations Residential Natural Hazard Disclosure Reports are the most accurate, most comprehensive, and most user-friendly NHD report available in the real estate industry. Each report is covered by Property ID's $20 Million Insurance Policy, covering the report and protecting all the individuals that rely on it in the real estate transaction, including buyers, sellers, real estate agents, brokers, transaction coordinators, and escrow officers. To make the most complete and accurate NHD reports available, Property ID identifies and researches the thousands of hazard zones mapped and reported by hundreds of municipal and government agencies including federal, state, county, and local sources. Guided by Property ID's legal experts, the reports contents are designed to fulfill the requirements of the law, serve the needs of the real estate professional, to inform home buyers and sellers, and to minimize liability and protect all the parties in the real estate transaction. Residential NHD Reports (includes Property Tax Disclosure)      View Sample Report   The Property ID Residential Natural Hazard Disclosure Report is the most comprehensive, accurate and complete NHD report available in the real estate market. The report fulfills the requirements of Civil Code Section 1103.2 and provides the required Natural Hazard Disclosure Statement. Additionally the report meets the further obligations of the seller and their agent to disclose other Federal, State, and locally mapped hazards. Included as standard in the Property ID NHD report, and at no additional cost, is a complete Property Tax Disclosure listing the Special Assessments, Mello-Roos, and Rate-Based (Ad Valorem) property taxes billed on the property. Not only is the Property ID Residential Report the most complete and accurate disclosure report available, but is also backed by a $20 Million Insurance Policy. This policy covers the report and extends to every individual that relies upon it for use in a transaction.     Commercial NHD Reports (includes Property Tax Disclosure)      View Sample Report   The Property ID Commercial Natural Hazard Disclosure Report offers the seller of commercial property the most comprehensive Disclosure Report available to prospective buyers. The commercial NHD report provides all the benefits of the Residential NHD, but tailored to meet the requirements of commercial real estate transactions. The report notifies the buyers of mapped natural hazards and satisfies the seller's code obligations, which includes disclosure of federal, state, and locally mapped hazards. It also includes a complete Property Tax Disclosure at no additional cost. Not only is the Property ID Commercial Report the most complete and accurate disclosure report available, but is also backed as an insured product by a $20 Million Insurance Policy.     Environmental Hazards Reports      View Sample Report   The Property ID Environmental Report discloses the location and details of environmentally impacted sites near the property. The report discloses the locations of hazards identified by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), and related state and local agencies, calculating the distance and direction to sites that have been historical environmental hazards and those that are in the clean-up process. The report lists the hazards in proximity to the property and provides the buyer with detailed information about the nature and status of the sites on or near the premises. Each Environmental Report is backed as an insured product by a $20 Million Insurance Policy. This policy covers the report and extends to any individual that relies upon it for use in a transaction. Property ID Environmental Reports can be purchased alone or combined with an NHD report.      

























Dynasty Profiles LLC




































Dynasty Profiles LLC


































For more information call us (877) 846-0640 
or email us at info@dynastyfence.net 





















Dynasty Profiles LLC
704 N. Crescent Dr.
Hollywood, FL 33021
(877) 846-0640
 





















PVC Profiles (ideal for fabricators)
      +    Choose from more than 25 mono-extrusion profiles.
      +    We will cut to any length.
      +    Ship any quantity! (No fixed bundle size)





















Aluminum Fences
      +    All Panels come Pre-Assembled and ready to install.
      +    Panels are made from high-grade Aluminum alloys.
      +    Panels come in a large variety of styles and heights. 
      +    We offer Commercial or Residential grade.
      +    Powder coated with DuPont paint for a beautiful lasting finish.
      +    Gates are fully welded on every rail and every picket.
 





















PVC Panels (ideal for fence contractors)
      +    Pre-Fabricated knock-down Panels ready to install.
      +    Mix PVC panels with Aluminum panels, all ready to install.
      +    Full container or 1/2 container.
      +    Buy Factory-Direct and Save!


































PVC Profiles, Panels, & Aluminum Fences






























































































+   Buy directly from the factory to get the best prices.
 
+   Buy Full container or ˝ container load. SAME PRICE!
 
+   Mix PVC and Aluminum in the same order to lower your inventory.
 
+   Add PVC caps and Aluminum accessories to make it a One Stop Shop!
 





































































Product Warranty





















Aluminum Fences





















PVC Panels





















PVC Profiles





















Home






























































































































































Aluminum






























Vinyl




























































































We specialize in:
 
> Extrusion of PVC (Vinyl) Profiles 
> Pre-fabrication of PVC Panels
> Manufacturing of Aluminum Fences
 
We have been in the fence business since 2003,  providing our customers with a top quality product  at an affordable price.
 
Dynasty Profiles offers affordable solutions for the Fence Professional. With the option to buy PVC and Aluminum from the same manufacturer.
Our products are shipped Nationwide in Full-Container and Half-Container Loads directly from our factory in China. 








﻿








	Duck Dynasty Sunglasses, Duck Commander Sunglasses, Buck Commander Sunglasses - Platinum Eyewear, LLC. - Products - Industry Edge Product Center
































































































Skip to main content











Search





Login to My Show




















 May 9 - 11, 2017
 Las Vegas Convention Center | North & Central Halls













Browse by Category


Building Products


Farm and Ranch


Hardware and Tools


Homewares


International Sourcing


Inventors Spotlight


Lawn Garden and Outdoor Living


Paint and Accessories


Pet Products


Plumbing and Electrical


Storage and Organization


Tailgate, Backyard & BBQ




View All Companies


Log In







You are here

HomeIndustry Edge Product Center-2013ProductsDuck Dynasty Sunglasses, Duck Commander Sunglasses, Buck Commander Sunglasses











Duck Dynasty Sunglasses, Duck Commander Sunglasses, Buck Commander Sunglasses







Sign-In To Add To Favorites




Duck Dynasty Sunglasses, Duck Commander Sunglasses, Buck Commander Sunglasses




						Product Category
					
Product Category Outdoors, Tailgate & Recreation






















			Product Details
		
Minimum Size Order 1
























Log in to contact







Follow Platinum Eyewear, LLC.


Company Website









Platinum Eyewear, LLC.

Booth:
                            

 







Platinum Eyewear is the exclusive manufacturer and distributor of Duck Dynasty, Duck Commander & Buck Commander Sunglasses as well as their popular Platinum Eyewear Collection of sports and fashion su...Platinum Eyewear is the exclusive manufacturer and distributor of Duck Dynasty, Duck Commander & Buck Commander Sunglasses as well as their popular Platinum Eyewear Collection of sports and fashion sunglasses. Platinum Eyewear is the most complete sunglass distributor in the industry.More

View Company Profile














About the National Hardware Show
The National Hardware Show gives you access to everything you need to move your business forward, including new buying opportunities, merchandising ideas & solutions, money-saving deals & face-to-face networking opportunities.
Learn More 

Sign up to receive our weekly Newsletter



Join our Social Network








Industry Edge:












Home
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Copyright Statement
Reed Careers
Sitemap






  




































We use cookies to operate this website and to improve its usability. Full details of what cookies are, why we use them and how you can manage them can be found by reading our Privacy & Cookies page. Please note that by using this site you are consenting to the use of cookies.

Don't show me this message again

















Leather Dynasty Llc (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Leather Dynasty Llc, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Leather Dynasty Llc

Leather Dynasty Llc imports from Zj Yongkang Better Imp.&exp.co.,ltd in China through the port of New York, New York        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Leather Dynasty Llc and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 TOSHIBA ELECTROMEX.S.A. DE C.V.    
 DELL PRODUCTS
 SEARS MERCHANDISING SERVICES INC.
 PANASONIC CONSUMER ELECTRONICS COMP
 PEPSICO
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Leather Dynasty Llc
Leather Dynasty Llc imports from Zj Yongkang Better Imp.&exp.co.,ltd in China through the port of New York, New York


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



ZJ YONGKANG BETTER IMP.&EXP.CO.,LTD
1ST FLOOR JINZU MANSION, CHINA HARDWARE HEADQUARTERS CENTER YONGKANG CHINA


LEATHER DYNASTY LLC
1 ORIENT WAY SUITE F 262 RUTHERFORD NJ 07070 USA



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



LEATHER DYNASTY LLC
1 ORIENT WAY SUITE F 262 RUTHERFORD NJ 07070 USA



N/M
N/M





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



ANLCZBXG704447


FSCU9869695
FSCU9869695


Product Description




E SCOOTER SKATEBOARD
E SCOOTER SKATEBOARD









Bill of LadingFPSLTROY4447HArrival Date2015-10-23Weight (LB)352Weight (KG)160Quantity14 CTNContainer Count1Voyage No.039MBPort of LoadingNINGPOPort of DischargeNEW YORK, NEW YORKVessel NameCUCKOO HUNTERCarrier CodeFPSLCountry Of OriginChinaPlace Of ReceiptNINGBO CHINA 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Leather Dynasty Llc. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Leather Dynasty Llc has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Leather Dynasty Llc







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Leather Dynasty Llc
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Grosfillex Inc (robesonia Pa)                                



                                    Center For Environment Planning & T                                



                                    Martha Beckles                                



                                    Melissa Occhiuio                                



                                    Mocine Soc. Coop. Agricola                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3305
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X






















Pumpkin Mint Deep Treatment Masque | Curls Dynasty, LLC
























































































 
































MENU



0











Search for:


















 


Pumpkin Mint Deep Treatment Masque

Rated 5.00 out of 5 based on 6 customer ratings (6 customer reviews) 
$16.00

Pumpkin Mint Deep Treatment Masque is vital for healthy hair. This deep conditioner was designed to infiltrate the hair shat to repair and aid to prevent damage. Repair and reverse dryness and damage to your strands with this product packed with natural vitamins, nutrients and antioxidants. Our Pumpkin Mint Deep Treatment will leave brittle hair textures lustrous, healthy and strong!
Ingredients: Organic Aloe Juice, Peppermint Leaf Extract, Yucca Leaf Extract, Horsetail Leaf Extract, Nettle Leaf Extract, Melissa Leaf Extract, Soybean Oil, Red Palm Oil, Organic Pumpkin Seed Oil, Shea Butter, Behentrimonium Methosulfate, Cetearyl Alcohol, Cetyl Alcohol, Hydrolyzed Keratin, Phenoxyethanol, Benzoic Acid, Dehydroacetic Acid, Citric Acid, Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein, Vitamin B5, Pumpkin Extract, Cinnamon Bark Powder, Ginger Root Powder, Nutmeg Powder, Allspice Powder, Fragrance
*Infuse and restore moisture
*Grows and helps retain length
*Adds softness, shine and manageability
* Strengthens weak hair cuticles and prevents breakage
“For all hair types”
No Sulfates, Parabens or Surfactants
Great for strengthening natural, relaxed, and transitioning, dry, damaged, overly porous hair types.
32 in stock




Add to cart


SKU: PMDT01









































0



















Curls Dynasty, LLC








































