




American Tech Report - ITLL







































Close














Quotes by TradingView













Today












Filings and Disclosure


5 Reasons ITLL May Be the Most Profitable Stock Play of 2017

















In 2017, cell phones are as vital to us as the air we breathe. Between both old and young, from personal users to businesses and now even hospitals, mobile phones have become an essential part of the modern eco system. Without one, people have difficulty finding employment and leave themselves negatively exposed to emergencies. The vast majority of American adults - 95% - now own a cell phone. This has resulted in the massive growth of businesses supplying and supplementing this market. Of which ITLL is now becoming a key player. 


The OTCQB is an elite tier of the over the counter markets. These are companies that have audited financials available, are current in their reporting, have verified management and shareholders and additional disclosure requirements to meet. All in all, this signifies that ITLL is on the ball and doing business the right way. Morningstar rates OTC:ITLL at an excellent 3 stars, meaning it is of fair value. The rating is determined by three factors: a stock's current price, Morningstar's estimate of the stock's fair value, and the uncertainty rating of the fair value. The bigger the discount, the higher the star rating. Once again, an excellent omen for savvy investors!Breaking News: ITLL Successfully Closes Acquisition with Completion of Definitive Agreements


With such immense growth in the industry and corporate giants dominating the arena, we frequently see small companies either grow exponentially or get bought out before they become a threat. This is where OTC: ITLL comes into play. Their goal is to deliver market disruptive products and pricing to the millions of consumers who are looking for better deals in the mobile phone and application space. Since ITLL is a public company, we believe this is an excellent opportunity for savvy investors to capitalize on the booming industry. We’ve done some digging and have laid out 6 reasons why we believe ITLL may be the most profitable stock play of 2017. Breaking News: ITLL Successfully Closes Acquisition with Completion of Definitive Agreements.
















Massive telecom acquisitions are happening all the time. They're so common in fact, we barely notice the billions of dollars that are flying between these massive corporations, month after month. For example, in 2017 alone, we've already seen several major acquisitions. Telecom service provider GTT Communications announced in June that it plans to buy network connectivity provider Global Capacity for $100 million in cash and 1.85 million shares of GTT common stock. We also saw that in April, Windstream announced its plan to acquire cloud-based unified communications provider Broadview Networks in an all-cash transaction worth $228 million. And if that isn't enough, in March, Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. closed its $1.42 billion acquisition of Electric Lightwave, the company formerly known as Integra Telecom. All of this happened in just the last few months!All this makes you wonder why this is happening and whether ITLL has what it takes to dance with the big guys. Well, it is our belief that the telecom giants scoop up the smaller, competitive companies because they are a danger to their business model. Big companies like Verizon are making money hand over fist - why stop when you can just scoop up the competition and keep business going as usual?ITLL has made it clear that their goal is to be affordable and disruptive. A similar situation took place in Canada some years ago, when a company named Wind Mobile came into play. Over a few short years Wind grew a massive user base simply because their plans were significantly cheaper than the competition. Recently, Shaw bought them out for $1.6 billion. As a result of all this, our opinion of the ITLL business model is excellent.








1. We've seen this business model work before. 


If you’ve missed putting this on your stock tracker, take a moment and do it right now!

For more information about Intelligent Cloud Resources (OTC:ITLL), visit the company website at http://intelligentcloudresources.com/ or https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/ITLL/quote. 

As always, we encourage you to do your due diligence thoroughly before making a buying decision. 

Good trading! 

Sincerely, 

The American Tech Report Team


This is a statement that often attracts negativity from skeptics and self-pronounced market professionals. And frankly, it's understandable; it seems too good to be true. We always encourage our readers to do their own due-diligence and this is one of those scenarios. Dig through message boards, scanners and blogs and you'll quickly realize that stocks are making major moves like this on a regular basis. This isn't some mythical unicorn - once again, stocks do this on a regular basis. Below, you can see some examples of movements like this, but believe us when we say there are many, many more. 






3. One trade can make profits of 2,000% or more. 













At the time of writing this article, ITLL is sitting at 80 cents. We believe that this is an extremely attractive price for a company of this caliber. As was observed above, acquisitions in this industry often come in at hundreds of millions or billions of dollars. In addition to this, 80 cents is an excellent place for traders and investors to turn quicker profits. It is much easier for a stock to double or triple at these prices, in a very short period of time. "It’s far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price” - Warren Buffet







2. The stock is priced right. Better than right. 






















5.	QB Status and 3 stars from Morningstar. 


Keep Track of OTC: ITLL


Name:                     Intelligent Cloud Resources, Inc. Ticker:                     ITLLExchange:              OTC QBWebsite:                 http://intelligentcloudresources.com/
Phone:                    (647) 478-6385
Email:                      info@intelligentcloudresources.com 
CIK:                          0001634912Transfer Agent:     VStock Transfer LLC
For additional information please visit: https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/ITLL/filings
https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/ITLL/profile


Sign up for updates on news,charts and other information







We respect your privacy and never share your information with anyone. 


OWCP - 63,900%


When going up against telecom giants, a company has to hold a competitive edge to stand out. Through our due diligence, we have found this to be undoubtedly true for ITLL. The cornerstone to every customer seeking a cell provider is the smartphones that they have available. Smartphones are expensive for your average consumer, as many flagship phones sit around the $1000 mark. ITLL has seemed to solve this problem by partnering up with the smartphone manufacturer, Leagoo. These phones have everything that the typical consumer wants at a fraction of the cost. They are well built, stylish, powerful and power through daily functions like taking photographs and browsing the web on par with phones that are five times the price. All of this seems consistent with ITLL's commitment to lower prices and maintain their competitive edge. In addition to this, they are offering all subscribers a premium mastercard, no questions asked! We believe that many consumers will find this to be an irresistible offer, making the growth potential for ITLL very attractive. 


BLDV - 5,600%


4. The most competitive tech and phones on the market. 


OWCP - 9,900%










Stock Data







Current Market Cap:             $74,684,794Outstanding Shares:             93,355,992






Website:   intelligentcloudresources.comFloat:         69,477,660



Click To Subscribe










Disclaimer


This is a paid advertisement and all individuals should verify all claims and perform their own due diligence on ITLL (and / or any other mentioned companies and / or securities), and read this disclaimer in its entirety.

American Tech Report profiles are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. American Tech Report is a paid advertiser and is not offering securities for sale. Neither American Tech Report nor its owners, operators, affiliates or anyone disseminating information on its behalf is registered as an Investment Advisor under any federal or state law and none of the information provided by American Tech Report, its owners, operators, affiliates or anyone disseminating information on its behalf should be construed as investment advice or investment recommendations.
American Tech Report does not recommend that the securities profiled should be purchased, sold or held and is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers.

Information presented by American Tech Report may contain “forward-looking statements ” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions, or future events or performance, are not statements of historical fact and may be “forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated. Forward-looking statements may be identified through the use of words such as “expects, ” “will, ” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “believes,” “may,” or by statements indicating that certain actions “may,” “could,” or “might” occur.

THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY AMERICAN TECH REPORT ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. AMERICAN TECH REPORT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, AMERICAN TECH REPORT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. AMERICAN TECH REPORT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, IT’S SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM AMERICAN TECH REPORT ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. AMERICAN TECH REPORT, ITS MEMBERS, MANAGERS, OWNERS, AGENTS, AND EMPLOYEES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. By using American Tech Report, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by, and to comply with, these Terms of Use and any other posted guidelines or rules applicable.

The website contains links to other related World Wide Web Internet sites and resources. American Tech Report is not responsible for the availability of these outside resources, or their contents, nor does American Tech Report endorse nor is American Tech Report responsible for any of the contents, advertising, products or other materials on such sites. Under no circumstances shall American Tech Report be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damages caused or alleged to have been caused by use of or reliance on any content, goods or services available on such sites. Any concerns regarding any external link should be directed to its respective site administrator or webmaster.

You agree to indemnify and hold American Tech Report, its officers, directors, owners, agents and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the website, the violation of these Terms of Use by you, or the infringement by you, or other user of the website using your computer, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification.

The Terms of Use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Belize and the intellectual property laws of Belize. The Terms of Service for American Tech Report is entered into and shall be deemed wholly performed from July 24th 2017 to August 18th 2017 and shall in all respects be governed by and construed in accordance exclusively with the laws of Belize applicable to contracts made and to be entirely performed therein without regard to principles of conflicts of law. The parties specifically agree that the courts of the Caribbean Court of Justice, shall have personal and subject matter jurisdiction and exclusive venue with respect to any and all disputes in connection herewith.
American Tech Report is owned and operated by Public Ventures Of America Corp, which is a Belize based corporation. We are paid advertisers, also known as stock touts or stock promoters, who disseminate favorable information (the “Information”) about publicly traded companies (the “Profiled Issuers”).
We publish the Information on our website, americantechreport.com and in newsletters, text message alerts, audio services, live interviews, featured “research” reports, on message boards and in email communications for specific time periods that are agreed upon between us and the Profiled Issuer and / or third party paying us. Our publication of the Information is known as a “Campaign”. This information may be sent to potential investors at different times that are minutes, hours, days or even weeks apart. Typically, the trading volume and price of a Profiled Issuer’s securities increases after the information is provided to the first group of investors. Therefore, the later an investor receives the Information, the more likely it is that he will suffer trading losses if they purchase the securities of a Profiled Issuer late in a Campaign. We are paid to advertise the Profiled Issuers, Intelligent Cloud Resources, Inc. American Tech Report has been hired by a third party, Golden Island Investments Ltd., for a period beginning on July 24th 2017 and is scheduled to end on August 18th 2017 to publicly disseminate information about (ITLL) via website and email. We expect to be paid three hundred thousand dollars via a series of bank wire transfers over this period. We will update any changes to our compensation. We own zero shares of (ITLL).

Third Parties paying us to market the Profiled Issuer we believe intend to sell their shares they hold while we tell investors to purchase during the Campaign. Intelligent Cloud Resources Inc. is a penny stock that was illiquid (little to no trading volume) prior to our Campaign, and therefore these securities are subject to wide fluctuations in trading price and volume. During the Campaign the trading volume and price of the securities of each Profile Issuer will likely increase significantly because of the media exposure. When the Campaign ends, the volume and price of the Profiled Issuer will likely decrease dramatically. As a result, investors who purchase during the Campaign and hold shares of the Profiled Issuer when the Campaign ends will probably lose most, if not all, of their investment.

The Information we publish in the Campaign is only a snapshot that provides only positive information about the Profiled Issuers. The Information consists of only positive content. We do not and will not publish any negative information about the Profiled Issuers; accordingly, investors should consider the Information to be one-sided and not balanced, complete, accurate, truthful and / or reliable. We do not verify or confirm any portion of the Information. We do not conduct any due diligence, nor do we research any aspect of the Information including the completeness, accuracy, truthfulness and / or reliability of the Information. We do not review the Profiled Issuers’ financial condition, operations, business model, management or risks involved in the Profiled Issuer’s business or an investment in a Profiled Issuer’s securities.

All information in our Campaign is publicly available information from 3rd party sources and / or the Profiled Issuers and/or the 3rd parties that hire us. We may also obtain the Information from publicly available sources such as the OTC Markets, Google, NASDAQ, NYSE, Yahoo, Bing, the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Edgar database or other available public sources.

We select the stocks we profile and / or pick as we are compensated to advertise them. If an investor relies solely on the Information in making an investment decision it is highly probable that the investor will lose most, if not all, of his or her investment. Investors should not rely on the Information to make an investment decision.

The source of our compensation varies depending upon the particular circumstances of the Campaign. In certain cases, we are compensated by the Profiled Issuers, third party shareholders, and / or other parties related to the Profiled Issuers such as officers and/or directors who will derive a financial or other benefit from an increase in the trading price and/or volume of a Profiled Issuer’s securities.
We make no warranty and / or representation about the Information, including its completeness, accuracy, truthfulness or reliability and we disclaim, expressly and implicitly, all warranties of any kind, including whether the Information is complete, accurate, truthful, or reliable and as such, your use of the Information is at your own risk. The Information is provided as is without limitation.

We are not, and do not act in the capacity of any of the following; as such, you should not construe our activities as involving any of the following: an independent adviser or consultant; a fortune teller; an investment adviser or an entity engaging in activities that would be deemed to be providing investment advice that requires registration either at the federal and / or state level; a broker-dealer or an individual acting in the capacity of a registered representative or broker; a stock picker; a securities trading expert; a securities researcher or analyst; a financial planner or one who engages in financial planning; a provider of stock recommendations; a provider of advice about buy, sell or hold recommendations as to specific securities; or an agent offering or securities for sale or soliciting their purchase.


There are numerous risks associated with each Profiled Issuer and investors should undertake a full review of each Profiled Issuer with the assistance of their financial, legal, and tax advisers prior to purchasing the securities of any Profiled Issuer.
We are not objective or independent and have multiple conflicts of interest. The Profiled Issuers and parties hiring us have conflicts of interest. Third parties that have hired us and own shares will sell these shares while we tell investors to purchase, and this selling of the Profiled Issuer’s securities will likely cause investors to suffer losses.

Our publication of the Information involves actual and material conflicts of interest including but not limited to the fact that we receive monetary compensation in exchange for publishing the (favorable) Information about the Profiled Issuers; and we do not publish any negative information, whatsoever, about the Profiled Issuers; in addition to the fact that while we do not own the Profiled Issuer’s securities, the third parties that hired us do, and intend to sell all of these securities during the Campaign while we publish favorable information that instructs investors to purchase, and this selling of the Profiled Issuer’s securities will likely cause investors to suffer losses.

We are not responsible or liable for any person’s use of the Information or any success or failure that is directly or indirectly related to such person’s use of the Information because we have specifically stated that the information is not reliable and should not be relied upon for any purpose. We are not responsible for omissions and / or errors in the Information and we are not responsible for actions taken by any person who relies upon the Information.
We urge Investors to conduct their own in-depth investigation of the Profiled Issuers with the assistance of their legal, tax and / or investment adviser(s). An investor’s review of the Information should include but not be limited to the Profiled Issuer’s financial condition, operations, management, products and / or services, trends in the industry and risks that may be material to the profiled Issuer’s business and other information he and his advisers deem material to an investment decision. An investor’s review should include, but not be limited to a review of available public sources and information received directly from the Profiled Issuers or from websites such as Google, Yahoo, Bing, OTC Markets, NASDAQ, NYSE, www.sec.gov or other available public sources.

We are providing you with this disclaimer because we are publishing advertisements about penny stocks. Because we are paid to disseminate the Information to the public about securities, we are required by the securities laws including Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Section 17(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), to specifically disclose my compensation as well as other important information, This information includes that we may hold, as well as purchase and sell, the securities of a Profiled Issuer before, during and after we publish favorable Information about the Profiled Issuer. We may urge investors to purchase the securities of a Profiled Issuer while we sell my own shares. The anti-fraud provisions of federal and state securities laws require us to inform you that we may engage in buying and selling of Profiled Issuer’s securities before, during and after the Campaigns.

Any investment in the Profiled Issuers involves a high degree of risk and uncertainty. The securities may be subject to extreme volume and price volatility, especially during the Campaigns. Favorable past performance of a Profiled Issuer does not guarantee future results. If you purchase the securities of the Profiled Issuers, you should be prepared to lose your entire investment. Some of the risks involved in purchasing securities of the Profiled Issuers include, but are not limited to the risks stated below.

We do not endorse, independently verify or assert the truthfulness, completeness, accuracy or reliability of the Information. We conduct no due diligence or investigation whatsoever of the Information or the Profiled Issuers and we do not receive any verification from the Profiled Issuer regarding the Information we disseminate.

If we publish any percentage gain of a Profiled Issuer from the previous day close in the Information, it is not and should not be construed as an indication that the future stock price or future operational results will reflect gains or otherwise prove to be advantageous to your investment.
The Information may contain statements asserting that a Profiled Issuer’s stock price has increased over a certain period of time which may reflect an arbitrary period of time, and is not predictive or of any analytical quality; as such, you should not rely upon the (favorable) Information in your analysis of the present or future potential of a Profiled Issuer or its securities.
The Information should not be interpreted in any way, shape, form or manner whatsoever as an indication of the Profiled Issuer’s future stock price or future financial performance.

You may encounter difficulties determining what, if any, portions of the Information are material or non-material, making it all the more imperative that you conduct your own independent investigation of the Profiled Issuer and its securities with the assistance of your legal, tax and financial advisor.
When 3rd parties that hire us acquire, purchase and / or sell the securities of the Profiled Issuers, it may (a) cause significant volatility in the Profiled Issuer’s securities; (b) cause temporary but unrealistic increases in volume and price of the Profiled Issuer’s securities; (c) if selling, cause the Profiled Issuer’s stock price to decline dramatically; and (d) permit themselves to make substantial profits while investors who purchase during the Campaign experience significant losses.

The securities of the Profiled Issuers are high risk, unstable, unpredictable and illiquid which may make it difficult for investors to sell their securities of the Profiled Issuers.

We may hire third party service providers and stock promoters to electronically disseminate live news regarding the Profiled Issuers, yet we have no control over the content of and do not verify the information that the Profiled Issuers and/or third party service providers publish. These third party service providers are likely compensated for providing positive information about the Issuer and may fail to disclose their compensation to you.
If a Profiled Issuer is a SEC reporting company, it could be delinquent (not current) in its periodic reporting obligations (i.e., in its quarterly and annual reports), or if it is an OTC Markets Pink Sheet quoted company, it may be delinquent in its Pink Sheet reporting obligations, which may result in OTC Markets posting a negative legend pertaining to the Profiled Issuer at www.otcmarkets.com, as follows: (i) “Limited Information” for companies with financial reporting problems, economic distress, or that are unwilling to file required reports with the Pink Sheets; (ii) “No Information,” which characterizes companies that are unable or unwilling to provide any disclosure to the public markets, to the SEC or the Pink Sheets; and (iii) “Caveat Emptor,” signifying buyers should be aware that there is a public interest concern associated with a company’s illegal spam campaign, questionable stock promotion, known investigation of a company’s fraudulent activity or its insiders, regulatory suspensions or disruptive corporate actions.

If the Information states that a Profiled Issuer’s securities are consistent with the future economic trends or even if your independent research indicates that, you should be aware that economic trends have their own limitations, including: (a) that economic trends or predictions may be speculative; (b) consumers, producers, investors, borrowers, lenders and/or government may react in unforeseen ways and be affected by behavioral biases that we are unable to predict; (c) human and social factors may outweigh future economic trends that we state may or will occur; (d) clear cut economic predictions have their limitations in that they do not account for the fundamental uncertainty in economic life, as well as ordinary life; (e) economic trends may be disrupted by sudden jumps, disruptions or other factors that are not accounted for in economic trends analysis; in other words, past or present data predicting future economic trends may become irrelevant in light of new circumstances and situations in which uncertainty becomes reality rather than predicted economic outcome; or (f) if the trend predicted involves a single result, it ignores other scenarios that may be crucial to make a decision in the event of unknown contingencies.
The Information is presented only as a brief snapshot of the Profiled Issuer and should only be used, at most, and if at all, as a starting point for you to conduct a thorough investigation of the Profiled Issuer and its securities. You should consult your financial, legal or other adviser(s) and avail yourself of the filings and information that may be accessed at www.sec.gov, www.otcmarkets.com or other electronic media, including: (a) reviewing SEC periodic reports (Forms 10-Q and 10-K), reports of material events (Form 8-K), insider reports (Forms 3, 4, 5 and Schedule 13D); (b) reviewing Information and Disclosure Statements and unaudited financial reports filed with the OTCMarkets.com; (c) obtaining and reviewing publicly available information contained in commonly known search engines such as Google; and (d) consulting investment guides at www.sec.gov and www.finra.org. You should always be cognizant that the Profiled Issuers may not be current in their reporting obligations with the SEC and the OTC Markets and/or have negative legends and designations at otcmarkets.com.

American Tech Report, reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add and/ or remove all or part of this Disclaimer and / or Terms of Use at any time.


















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Dynegy - Wikipedia






















 






Dynegy

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Dynegy Inc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Dynegy Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DYN


Industry
Energy (Electrical power industry)


Founded
1984


Headquarters
Houston, Texas, United States



Area served

USA (6 states)[1]



Key people

Thomas W. Elward, interim chairman;
Robert C. Flexon, interim chief executive officer;
Kevin Howell, executive vice president and chief operating officer;
Clint Freeland, executive vice president and chief financial officer[2]


Products
Natural Gas (discontinued after 2005);[3]
Electricity generation



Number of employees

1,262 (as of December 31, 2011; 274 at corporate headquarters and 988 at facilities)[4]


Website
www.dynegy.com






601 Travis houses the headquarters of Dynegy


Dynegy Inc. is an electric company based in Houston, Texas, in the United States. It owns and operates a number of power stations in the U.S., all of which are natural gas-fueled or coal-fueled. The company is located at 601 Travis Street in Downtown Houston.[5] The company was founded in 1984 as Natural Gas Clearinghouse. It was originally an energy brokerage, buying and selling natural gas supplies. It changed its name to NGC Corporation in 1995 after entering the electrical power generation business.
The company adopted the name Dynegy in 1998. It attempted to buy the Enron energy trading firm in 2001, but disengaged from the proposed acquisition due to the scandal at Enron. Dynegy nearly went bankrupt in 2002, and several executives were eventually convicted of financial fraud and mismanagement. Dynegy exited the energy trading business in 2002 and the natural gas supply business in 2005, focusing its efforts on electrical generation. The company has one major subsidiary, Dynegy Holdings. It also has three operating subsidiaries: GasCo, CoalCo, and the "stub group" (for other miscellaneous business enterprises).
Dynegy Inc. was the subject of two unsuccessful takeover efforts in 2010. Its Dynegy Holdings subsidiary went bankrupt in November 2011, and Dynegy Inc. itself filed for bankruptcy protection on July 6, 2012. Its GasCo and CoalCo subsidiaries were unaffected by the bankruptcy filing. Dynegy emerged from bankruptcy on October 2, 2012.



Contents


1 Corporate predecessors

1.1 Natural Gas Clearinghouse
1.2 NGC Corporation


2 Dynegy history

2.1 Growth
2.2 Near-bankruptcy of 2002
2.3 Recovery and restructuring
2.4 Takeover battles


3 2012 bankruptcy
4 Post-bankruptcy

4.1 Roseton and Danskammer sales
4.2 Ameren purchase
4.3 2014 acquisitions


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



Corporate predecessors[edit]




Transco Tower (now known as Williams Tower) in Houston, the original headquarters of Dynegy in 1984.


Natural Gas Clearinghouse[edit]
Natural Gas Clearinghouse (NGC) was created in 1985 by Charles Watson;[6] a consortium of natural gas pipeline companies that included Transco; investment bank Morgan Stanley; and the legal firm of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld. A major investor was Kenneth Lay, later the chief executive officer of the energy firm Enron.[7] Its first headquarters was on the 40th floor of the Transco Tower in Houston, Texas.[8] NGC was so successful that in 1985 Morgan Stanley bought out some of the other investors and took a majority stake in the company.[7]
NGC was purchased by Noble Affiliates, Inc. and Apache Corporation, independent oil and gas exploration and production companies, for a reported $50 million in 1989.[9] In 1993, LG&E Energy Corporation took a stake in NGC, which by then was the largest independent natural gas marketing firm in the United States and had revenues of more than US$2 billion.[10] NGC purchased Trident NGL in 1994 in a deal worth more than $750 million.[11] That same year, it also established a partnership with Nova (also known as Novagas Clearinghouse, a natural gas marketing company based in Canada) and British Gas, which gave both companies a financial stake in NGC.[12]
NGC Corporation[edit]
Natural Gas Clearinghouse shortened its name to NGC Corporation in 1995 after its merger with Trident NGL closed. It became a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange that same year.[13] By 1996, it had grown to US$550 million in assets, and carried US$525 million in long-term debt.[14] NGC Corporation also established several subsidiaries to enable it to enter the electrical generation, marketing, and sales areas. Electric Clearinghouse sold electricity, and the Energy Store marketed it. In August 1996, it purchased the natural gas gathering, marketing, and processing operations of Chevron Corporation.[15] The latter deal gave Chevron a 29 percent stake in NGC.[16] NGC followed that deal by buying Destec Energy for US$1.27 billion. The deal required NGC Corporation to sell Destec's power generation subsidiaries in Australia, Canada, the Dominican Republic, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom for US$407 million, although NGC Corporation retained Destec's 20 domestic gas-fired power plants.[15]
Dynegy history[edit]
Growth[edit]
In June 1998, NGC Corporation changed its name to Dynegy, Inc. The company's original slogan was "We believe in people."[17] Nova announced two months later that it was seeking to sell its stake in Dynegy.[18] Dynegy bought Illinova Corporation in 1999 in a deal worth US$1.75 billion and the assumption of US$2.25 billion of Illinova Corp. debt. The deal also allowed Nova and British Gas to sell their stake in Dynegy.[16]
Dynegy also began branching into areas outside natural gas and electrical generation. In August 2000, the company announced that it had purchased Extant Inc., a broadband provider building a nationwide fiber optic network, for US$152.5 million.[19]
Dynegy, along with Enron, El Paso Corporation, Reliant Energy, and several other energy companies, was accused of price manipulation and other fraudulent practices during the California electricity crisis in 2000 and 2001.[20] The case against Dynegy was dismissed in 2003.[21]
In 2001, Dynegy made a white knight US$8 billion takeover bid for Enron, which was saddled with $13 billion in debt and whose stock had plummeted.[22] The deal began unraveling two weeks later as Enron revealed even larger financial losses and more debt than previously reported.[23] Dynegy withdrew its merger offer on November 28.[24] Enron sued Dynegy on December 2, the day after Enron declared bankruptcy.[25] (The lawsuit was settled in August 2002 after Dynegy agreed to pay Enron US$25 million for backing out of the deal.)[26] Enron attempted to sell off assets in an effort to stay afloat. On January 3, 2002, Dynegy successfully acquired Enron's Northern Natural Gas Company pipeline.[27] NNGC was Enron's most lucrative pipeline asset and had been put up as collateral in return for Dynegy providing financing to Enron during merger talks.[28]
Near-bankruptcy of 2002[edit]




Wells Fargo Plaza in Houston, the headquarters of Dynegy as of 2011. The company moved out in 2012.


Dynegy came close to bankruptcy in 2002. Investor pressure on energy stocks in the wake of the Enron collapse pushed Dynegy's stock price down 42 percent by late April. The company also admitted on April 26 that it made a large accounting error on a fuel contract, which further depressed the stock price 22 percent. Moody's Investors Service announced it was reviewing all US$4 billion of Dynegy debt.[29] In financial distress, Dynegy successfully applied for a US$900 million line of credit.[30] On May 1, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission opened a formal investigation into how Dynegy's "Project Alpha", an internal corporate initiative that allegedly inflated income from natural gas transactions and illegally structured business partnerships to avoid income.[31] Two weeks later, the New York Times reported that Dynegy's Illinova subsidiary was part of the investigation. Illinova had formed a joint partnership named Catlin in January 2000 with a little-known investment company named Black Thunder. Catlin took over some of Illinova's electrical generating assets. Although Black Thunder put up almost 90 percent of the money to form Catlin, Dynegy was required to buy out Black Thunder's investment or sell off the assets if Catlin did not earn a specified high rate of return.[32] On May 28, Dynegy founder, president, and chief executive officer Charles Watson resigned.[33] Dynegy Inc. chairman Dan Dienstbier was named interim CEO.[34] In mid-June, Dynegy reported that its first quarter income had fallen 80 percent. It also admitted that it had signed long-term power contracts that would not produce revenue for years to come. But it had charged the income to the current year's revenues in an attempt to bolster its bottom line.[35] On June 19, Dynegy's chief financial office, Rob Doty, resigned.[36] The following day, Dynegy shut down its online energy trading system.[37]
Dynegy was quickly approaching bankruptcy by late June 2002. On June 25, the company announced it would sell off assets in an attempt to raise US$2 billion in cash.[38] Moody's downgraded the rating of the company's bonds to "junk" status on June 28.[39] Dynegy announced it might need a financial partner to help it stabilize. After the July 23 announcement, the company's shares dropped 64 percent.[34] Desperate for cash, Dynegy sold the Northern Natural Gas Company to MidAmerican Energy Holdings for $928 million on July 29 ($572 less than it paid for it).[40] The sale saved Dynegy from bankruptcy.[41]
Although Dynegy avoided bankruptcy, the fallout from the company's accounting practices continued throughout 2002. In August, former Dynegy controller and chief accounting officer Bradley P. Farnsworth sued the company, saying he'd been fired after refusing to help manipulate the company's financial statements in the summer of 2000.[42] The company suspended its dividend on August 12.[43] On September 3, interim chairman Glenn F. Tilton resigned in order to become chief executive officer of United Airlines.[44] On September 24, Dynegy announced that it had agreed to pay a US$3 million fine for using the Catlin company and other business partnerships to hide losses and taxable income. It also admitted that it had engaged in "round-trip" trades, phony natural gas and electricity trades designed to mislead investors and other companies about the success of Dynegy's online trading operation.[45] The company later fired five traders after the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) discovered that Dynegy energy traders had supplied false prices to industry trade publications.[46] The company later paid a US$5 million fine to the CFTC.[47] Still needing cash, Dynegy sold its Hornsea natural gas storage site in the United Kingdom to help pay the fine.[48]
Dynegy shuttered its online energy trading business for good on October 16, 2002.[49] The closure led Dynegy to lay off 14 percent of its workforce, which left it with just 4,600 employees.[50]
Several Dynegy executives were later convicted or indicted for their roles in Dynegy's near-collapse. In June 2003, Jamie Olis (former Senior Director of Tax Planning), Gene Foster (former Vice President for Taxation), and Helen Sharkey (a former employee in Dynegy's risk control and deal structure groups), were indicted on numerous counts of mail and wire fraud. According to court documents, the three employees conceived of a plan in early 2001 to borrow money but make it look like operational revenue. A corporation known as ABG Gas Supply was created. ABG secured loans from Citigroup, Credit Suisse First Boston, and Deutsche Bank to buy natural gas at market prices. ABG then sold this gas at a discount to Dynegy, which resold it at market prices and booked a $300 million profit. ABG then bought natural gas at market prices, and sold it at a premium to Dynegy. The profits ABG booked were then used to repay the loans. Prosecutors accused Olis, Foster, and Sharkey of deceiving auditors, regulators, and other company executives regarding the transactions.[51] Foster and Sharkey plead guilty two months later.[52] Olis was found guilty in March 2004, and sentenced to 24 years in prison.[53] (A year later, after a U.S. Supreme Court ruling in a different case held that mandatory sentencing guidelines violated the Constitution, Olis' sentence was reduced to just six years in prison.)[54] In December 2003, three former executives at Nicor Energy LLC (a joint venture of Dynegy and Nicor), were indicted for illegally manipulating that firm's income by US$11 million in 2001 to hide losses.[55] Former chief financial officer Robert Doty agreed to pay a $376,650 fine in October 2007 for his role in helping to conceal the ABG Gas Supply scheme.[56]
Shareholders, too, were unhappy with Dynegy's actions during the financial crisis. A class action lawsuit was filed against the company in 2002. In April 2005, Dynegy agreed to settle the lawsuit. Shareholders would be paid a total of US$468 million. To come up with the money, Dynegy paid out $250 million in cash and issued $68 million in stock to the plaintiffs. Its insurance companies paid another $150 million to the plaintiffs.[57]
Recovery and restructuring[edit]
On October 23, 2002, Dynegy hired Bruce Williamson, a former Duke Energy executive, as its chief executive officer.[58] Six weeks later, Dynegy hired Nick J. Caruso, a former chief financial officer at Royal Dutch Shell, as its new chief financial officer.[59]
Williamson began a program of cost cutting, elimination of unprofitable businesses, and financial restructuring. As Williamson later told the New York Times in June 2005, "We had businesses in trading, in marketing, in broadband communications, in Europe, in communications as far as China. What we have done is very systematically sell those off, shut down offices and concentrate on the two businesses that looked like we had a competitive advantage."[60] Dynegy sold its telecommunications business in Europe in January 2003,[61] restated its income for 2001 and 2002,[62] sold a natural gas terminal in Louisiana,[63] sold its telecommunications business in North America in April 2003,[64] engaged in a US$1.6 billion refinancing and other restructuring of its debt,[65] sold its Illinois Power Company subsidiary to Ameren,[66] and nullified a number of contracts in non-core or money-losing areas.[67] In March 2004, Wiliamson was named chairman of the company, succeeding Dan Dienstbier (who retired).[68]
Dynegy undertook a strategy to move into coal-fired and hydroelectric electrical generation in 2004, and out of natural gas distribution and trading. In November 2004, the company acquired four natural gas-fired and four hydroelectric power generation plants in the Northeast United States.[69] In March 2005, it agreed to settle a 1999 dispute with the Environmental Protection Agency by spending US$321 million to repair and upgrade coal-fired generating plants in Illinois to reduce pollutants.[70] In mid-2005, Dynegy hired Credit Suisse First Boston to assist it in finding a buyer for its natural gas transmission businesses.[60] The sale of this business came quickly: In August 2005, Dynegy sold this business to Targa Resources, a company owned by private equity firm Warburg Pincus.[3]
In September 2006, Dynegy and LS Power Group agreed to a joint venture in a deal worth US$2.3 billion. Under the terms of the agreemnent, Dynegy gave LS Power a 40 percent stake in Dynegy itself while LS Power contributed 10 of its power plants.[71] Dynegy also agreed to create a 245 million new Class B shares, which it turned over to LS Power.[72] In May 2007, ChevronTexaco announced it was selling its 12 percent stake in Dynegy to the public.[73] The sale netted ChevronTexaco US$680 million by July.[74] The joint venture did not last, however. In August 2009, LS Power agreed to buy nine electrical generating plants from Dynegy for US$1.025 billion in cash in order to dissolve the joint venture.[75] Part of the reason for the joint venture's demise was another collapse in Dynegy's share price. Dynegy's shares fell 80 percent in the two years after the deal closed, and the company posted a large $345 million loss in the second quarter of 2009. LS Power also agreed to return all its Class B shares, so that Dynegy would only have 95 million shares of common stock outstanding. The dissolution of the joint venture left LS Power with a 15 percent stake in Dynegy.[72]
Dynegy's move into coal-powered electrical generation was not without controversy. In September 2007, New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo sued Dynegy and other utilities, arguing that the companies were not properly accounting for the financial risks that pollutants from coal-fired generating plants created.[76] After a year of negotiations and legal maneuvering, Dynegy agreed to issue statements to its current and future investors warning that government regulation of carbon emissions and lawsuits over pollution could pose financial risks to the company.[77] Its move into coal-fired electrical generation led the National Environmental Trust, an environmental group, to derisively call Dynegy the "king of coal" in 2008.[78]
Takeover battles[edit]
On August 13, 2010, the Blackstone Group announced plans to purchase Dynegy for US$4.7 billion. As part of the deal, NRG Energy would acquire four natural gas plants in California and Maine for US$1.36 Billion.[79] Seneca Capital, Dynegy's largest shareholder, fought the purchase in a proxy fight.[80] Dynegy investor Carl Icahn also promised a proxy battle, arguing that Blackstone Group's offer was too low. Icahn raised his stake in Dynegy to 12.9 percent in preparation for the shareholder fight.[81] Seneca Capital nominated former railroad executive E. Hunter Harrison and former energy company executive Jeff D. Hunter for the Dynegy board of directors, challenging Bruce Williamson and David Biegler (a Williamson ally).[82]
A series of maneuvers followed. Dynegy executives said the offer was a good one, as the deal would give Dynegy access to lines of credit which would enable it to refinance and restructure its debt. With energy prices at cyclical lows, the company said it lacked the resources to do so and that its debt burden was destabilizing. Blackstone Group initially said it would not offer more than US$4.50 per share,[83] but then revised its offer later that day to US$5.00 a share.[84] Worried that it did not have enough shareholder support to accept the Blackstone Group offer, Dynegy proposed postponing its shareholder meeting a few days to November 23,[85] but postponement did not occur. Legal counsel advised that Delaware law (under which Dynegy was incorporated) considered a postponement a new meeting, and that would require notifying shareholders (again) and giving at least 20 days' notice. Furthermore, Dynegy's proxy rules did not make it clear that a proxy remained in effect in the event of a postponement (which could lead to lawsuits). Legal counsel also believed that Dynegy management would be forced refile resolution with shareholders and resolicit votes, which would delay a meeting until early 2011.[86] During the shareholder meeting, management's fears proved accurate. On November 19, Dynegy was forced to recess its shareholder meeting in an attempt to garner more support for the Blackstone bid. (Dynegy was unable to adjourn the meeting because its bylaws did not clearly provide for adjournment to another date, and because it was unclear that adjournment could occur without a shareholder vote—a vote the board felt it would lose.)[86] During the four-day recess, Dynegy executives said the company would continue to solicit a takeover even if the Blackstone Group bid failed. On November 23, 2010, Dynegy management and Blackstone agreed to call off the takeover after it became clear there was not enough support for the US$5.00 a share bid.[87]
On December 15, 2010, Icahn offered a US$5.50 a share cash bid for Dynegy.[88] Dynegy's board asked for other bids, but none emerged.[89] But Icahn, too, found little support among shareholders. He extended his offer by two weeks on January 25, 2011.[90] That same day, Seneca Capital said it would not even entertain a US$6.00 a share bid.[91] Dynegy's board urged shareholders to accept the Icahn bid, or risk bankruptcy.[92] But by mid-February, even those investors willing to accept the Icahn bid had rescinded these offers. Icahn extended his offer by few days.[93] The Icahn bid, too, collapsed.
On February 20, 2011, Bruce Williamson resigned as Dynegy's chairman, and announced he would step down as chief executive officer on March 11. Chief financial officer Holli C. Nichols also said she would resign as chief financial officer on March 11 as well. Board member Thomas W. Elward was named interim chairman, and Robert C. Flexon was appointed interim president and chief executive officer.[94][95] Harrison was elected to the board of directors. Also elected to the board were Vincent J. Intrieri, Senior Managing Director of Icahn Capital, and Samuel J. Merksamer, an investment analyst for Icahn Capital.[96]
2012 bankruptcy[edit]
The takeover bids all came after one of Dynegy's largest subsidiaries filed for bankruptcy. On November 7, 2011 Dynegy Holdings, the largest of Dynegy Inc.'s four subsidiaries, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.[97]
The bankruptcy was a novel one. Dynegy had structured itself so that Dynegy Inc. (the holding company) had little debt. Nearly all the debt was held by its subsidiary, Dynegy Holdings, which also guaranteed debt for the operating divisions. Dynegy Inc. created three operating divisions: the natural gas group (GasCo), the coal group (CoalCo), and a group for all other businesses (known as "the stub group"). GasCo and CoalCo were structured so that they would be little affected by any bankruptcy filing by either Dynegy Inc. or Dynegy Holdings. Part of the structure meant that few of the natural GasCo's and CoalCo's dividends were given to Dynegy Holdings. To separate Dynegy Holdings from Dynegy Inc., Dynegy Holdings was transformed from a corporation into a limited liability company (LLC). This legal maneuver took advantage of a Delaware Supreme Court ruling which made it difficult for creditors to sue an LLC's board of directors for failing to uphold their fiduciary duty. Finally, GasCo and CoalCo sold themselves to Dynegy Inc., which left Dynegy Holdings holding US$1.25 billion in debt but without the ability to seize the assets of GasCo and CoalCo in the event of a default. Under the structure adopted by Dynegy Inc., the company could meet its debt obligations to Dynegy Holdings by paying cash or by forgiving debt. This provided an incentive for Dynegy Inc. to withhold payment and force Dynegy Holdings to declare bankruptcy (thereby reducing the value of the debt and making it easier to pay off).[98]
The restructuring plan put Dynegy's assets which had the worst financial performance into the hands of Dynegy Holdings.[99] The goal was to protect Dynegy's secured creditors at the expense of its unsecured creditors. The plan had already generated one lawsuit. In 2011, U.S. Bancorp, representing bondholders whose investment was secured by leases of two Dynegy power plants new Newburgh, New York (the Danskammer Generating Station and the Roseton Generating Station).[100]
On March 8, 2011, Dynegy submitted financial filings with government regulators warning investors that it faced bankruptcy if it could not restructure its debt.[96] The company announced a month later that it had hired the restructuring firm Lazard and the law firm White & Case to advise it on debt restructuring. Vincent Intrieri was named chair of the boards finance and restructuring committee.[101]
On March 9, 2012, the November 2011 bankruptcy of Dynegy Holdings ran into difficulty. An examiner appointed by the United States bankruptcy court found that the Dynegy Inc.'s purchase of CoalCo was fraudulent. The examiner found that Dynegy Holdings was already bankrupt at the time the sale took place, and therefore constituted a breach of fiduciary duty by the Dynegy Holdings board of directors. This allowed the Dynegy Holdings board of directors to sue the Dynegy Inc. board of directors for damages (which could run into the billions of dollars). This threw the Dynegy Holdings bankrutpcy filing into doubt, and put Dynegy Inc. on the hook for billions in debt.[102] The bankruptcy court trustee said she would sue on behalf of Dynegy Holdings to recover these debts.[103]
The bankruptcy court examiner's finding quickly led to the bankruptcy of Dynegy Inc. itself. On April 3, 2012, Dynegy Inc. announced that it had reached an agreement with the U.S. bankruptcy trustee, the board of directors of Dynegy Holdings, and its other creditors. The agreement, which affected US$2.25 billion in debt, gave all creditors 99 percent of the stock of Dynegy Inc. once it emerged from bankruptcy. Existing shareholders would get just 1 percent of the stock in the new company, with warrants enabling them to buy up to 13.5 of common stock at a set price over the next five years.[95] Accordingly, Dynegy Inc. filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on July 5, 2012.[104] The bankrutpcy plan filed by Dynegy Inc. also called for a merger with Dynegy Holdings. The bankruptcy filing did not, however, affect GasCo, CoalCo, or the "stub group", and allowed the Dynegy Holdings bankruptcy to proceed.[105] Dynegy's stock was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange following the bankruptcy filing.[106] U.S. Bancorp agreed to drop its lawsuit against the company in exchange for a $540 million claim against the company in bankruptcy court. The bondholders represented by U.S. Bancorp would also get a further US$31 million if the Danskammer and Roseton plants are sold.[100]
As part of its bankruptcy filing, Dynegy moved its corporate headquarters. In November 2011, the company signed a lease for new principal offices in an office building at 601 Travis Street in Houston. (It occupied these quarters early July 2012.) Dynegy continued to hold leases on several floors of the Wells Fargo Plaza, however. As part of its bankruptcy filing, the bankruptcy court approved a new lease in which Dynegy would abandon 130,000 square feet (12,000 m2) of space at Wells Fargo Plaza. The company asked the court to cancel its lease on the remaining 50,000 square feet (4,600 m2) as well.[5]
Dynegy said it hoped to hold a vote on August 24, at which time its creditors would approve the bankruptcy plan. A court hearing on the creditor-approved bankruptcy plan would then be held September 5, after which the company said it would emerge from bankruptcy protection.[107]
Dynegy Inc. posted a second-quarter 2012 loss of $1.06 billion, an increase to $8.65 per share from 95 cents per share a year ago. The company blamed, among other things, markedly lower demand for its electricity, much lower prices for its coal, and a $941 million noncash loss caused by the transfer of its coal unit to Dynegy Holdings. The company also said it now hoped to emerge from bankruptcy in September 2012.[108]
Dynegy agreed to auction off its Roseton and Danskammer energy plants in New York state in order to emerge from bankruptcy. Dynegy had signed a sale-leaseback agreement in 2001 with Public Services Enterprise Group for the Roseton and Danskammer facilities. Fifty percent of the proceeds from the auction would be used to pay bondholders (up to $571 million), while the remaining 50 percent would be used to pay unsecured creditors.[109] The unsecured creditors would get $200 million in cash.[110] Unsecured creditors also would receive 99 percent of Dynegy's new stock, with the company retaining the rest (with warrants to purchase 13.5 percent of the stock after five years). Dynegy also agreed to pay holders of $206 million in subordinated capital income securities just $55 million in principal and $16 million in interest to settle their claims. The bankruptcy agreement also settled claims between Dynegy Holdings and Dynegy, Inc.[109]
Dynegy emerged from bankruptcy on October 2, 2012, and its shares began trading on October 3 under the "DYN" symbol.[111]
Post-bankruptcy[edit]
On November 5, 2012, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission settled a decade-old lawsuit which alleged that Dynegy had manipulated the California energy market. While the lawsuit continued, Dynegy sold its California subsidiary to NRG Energy, Inc. NRG Energy subsequently agreed to pay $20 million in refunds to consumers as well as spend more than $100 million to install 200 public fast-charging electric vehicle stations and 10,000 plug-in stations throughout California. Twenty percent of the stations were required to be in low-income neighborhoods.[112]
On January 4, 2013, Dynegy's Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Howell, resigned. Howell continued as a consultant to the company, and agreed to stay on until a successor was named in order to provide an orderly transition.[113]
On February 2, 2013, Dynegy's South Bay Power Plant in San Diego, California, was imploded. The demolition of the 165-foot (50 m) smokestacks of the outmoded plant was watched by more than 1,000 people.[114]
Roseton and Danskammer sales[edit]
The sale of the Roseton and Danskammer plants—a condition of Dynegy's emergence from bankruptcy—proceeded slowly. On November 8, 2012, members of International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) Local 320 struck the Roseton and Danskammer plants after a contract extension expired and Dynegy continued to seek cuts in retirement benefits.[115] Dynegy's bankruptcy also left $17 million in unpaid property taxes in Dutchess County, New York. This created a budget crisis in the county which threatened to close local schools and create severe cutbacks in county services.[116] On December 10, 2012, Dynegy announced it would sell the Roseton plant to Louis Dreyfus Highbridge Energy for $19.5 million in cash.[117] The sale closed on April 30, 2013.[118]
The Danskammer plant sale was far more troubled. The plant was heavily damaged by Hurricane Sandy in October 2012, rendering it inoperable. On December 10, Dynegy said that ICS NY Holdings would buy the plant for $3.5 million and demolish it.[117] But the ICS sale stalled. Under the terms of the auction, ICS NY had to replace or find a substitute for its credit support agreement, and pay its portion of the plant's outstanding property taxes. But, Dynegy said, the company never did either. ICS defended itself, saying it was making every economically feasible effort to replace the credit agreement. On May 25, 2013, Dynegy filed suit with the bankruptcy court to force ICA to fulfill its obligations.[119] The court imposed a July 31 deadline for ICS to close the sale, but it did not meet the deadline. Dynegy subsequently sought another buyer. Helios Power Capital, a private equity firm, agreed to purchase the plant for $3.5 million in cash on August 20. The court approved the sale on September 2.[120]
Ameren purchase[edit]
In mid-March 2013, Dynegy purchased three electric generating subsidiaries of Ameren, an Illinois power company. The deal, worth $900 million, involved Ameren's Ameren Energy Generating Co. (Genco); Genco's controlling interest in Electric Energy Inc.; AmerenEnergy Resources Generating Co.; and Ameren Energy Marketing Co. Dynegy formed a subsidiary, Illinois Power Holdings (IPH), to purchase the Ameren subsidiaries. No cash changed hands; rather, IPH agreed to assume $825 million in debt owed by Genco and the other subsidiaries. Ameren also transferred about $180 million in tax benefits the three subsidiaries would have received in 2015. Ameren retained Genco's inactive Hutsonville and Meredosia plants, and agreed to buy back from IPH for $133 million three natural gas electrical generating plants. Dynegy agreed to honor the union collective bargaining agreements in force at all plants.[121] Under the deal, Dynegy acquired five coal-fired generating plants: Coffeen in Coffeen, Illinois; Duck Creek in Canton, Illinois; E.D. Edwards in Bartonville, Illinois; Joppa in Joppa, Illinois; and Newton in Newton, Illinois.[122][123]
As the deal worked its way through state and federal regulatory approval, Dynegy took advantage of low interest rates and refinanced its debt. The company obtained $1.3 billion in term loan B facilities and $500 million in revolving credit. The company used this income to retire an $800 million, seven-year line of credit and a $500 million, two-year line of credit. Dynegy agreed that the revolving credit line would be paid off and terminate within five years.[124] Two syndicated loans made up the $1.3 billion loan package. The $800 million loan and the $500 million loan were both due in 2020.[125] This left Dynegy with $1.28 billion in lines of credit and $500 million in outstanding bonds.[126]
The Ameren plants-for-debt swap also ran into trouble. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) had to approve the deal and ensure that there was no negative impact on consumers from Dynegy's expanding market share in the Midwest. But on April 16, FERC said that the studies submitted by Dynegy and Ameren were inadequate, and it ordered the two firms to rerun the studies and report back to FERC by July 14.[122] On July 16, FERC again declined to approve or disapprove the Dynegy-Ameren deal. The agency said that it Dynegy's study showed it charging market rates for energy in the Midwest. But FERC said it worried that transmission bottlenecks in the area would permit Dynegy to charge much more. Furthermore, federal regulators were considering an expansion in the market area IPH could serve. FERC asked Dynegy to provide additional information on transmission limitations and market area expansion.[127] In August, the Sierra Club formally filed opposition to the Dynegy-Ameren deal. The environmental group said the transmission bottleneck issue gave Dynegy too much market power. It also argued that Dynegy and Ameren had submitted only regional market power data, and had not accounted for local impacts (which could be very severe).[128]
Another obstacle emerged on June 6. Ameren was required to install pollution-reducing equipment on its five coal-fired generating plants in 2015. But because Ameren was in financial difficulty, it sought and received a waiver from the state of Illinois granting it a five-year delay. Ameren sought to transfer this delay to Dynegy, so that Dynegy would not have to immediately install the devices until 2020, either. But the Illinois Pollution Control Board denied Ameren's request.[129] Dynegy filed its own request for a five-year waiver in July, and warned that the Ameren deal would fall apart if it did not receive the waiver. But the Sierra Club, the Environmental Law and Policy Center, and other environmental groups said Dynegy had the resources to install the equipment, and opposed a waiver.[130][131][132] ACM Partners, a financial firm hired by the Sierra Club, also argued that Dynegy purposefully left IPH significantly underfunded and unable to tap into the parent company's resources.[123] Dynegy disagreed, but the firm warned that if IPH went bankrupt, workers would lose pensions and local communities would have to pay for any environmental remediation.[131] The Illinois AFL-CIO, however, supported Dynegy's request on September 16, saying that local jobs depended on the waiver.[132][133] The pollution board said it would make a decision by November 2013.[133] Foresight Energy, a major Illinois coal mining company, said it would install the $500 million anti-pollution devices for free if Dynegy agreed to sign a long-term contract to accept coal only from Foresight Energy. Dynegy declined the offer (in part because it already has long-term coal contracts),[134][135] and environmental groups opposed it.[135]
There was some speculation by financial analysts that the Dynegy-Ameren deal was a poor one. Julien Dumoulin-Smith, executive director of UBS Investment Research, said Dynegy is far more likely to shutter all five coal-powered plants rather than add pollution control devices. Dumoulin-Smith pointed out that the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued final rules on sulfur dioxide emissions that go into effect in July 2018. Because the Edwards plant is in an area of low air quality, EPA is likely to force Dynegy to close the plant anyway. The remaining four plants are borderline cases with the exception of Duck Creek Station which spent nearly US$800m on sulfur dioxide removal, and may also be forced to close if EPA regulations tighten in the future (a highly likely possibility, he said).[135]
2014 acquisitions[edit]
On August 22, 2014, Dynegy announced a deal involving two interdependent transactions to be executed simultaneously.[136] Dynegy acquired Duke’s Midwest Generation assets and retail business for $2.8 billion in cash, and the power generating assets of EquiPower Resources for $3.45 billion, with $3.35 billion in cash and $100 million in stock. This increased the company's generating capacity from 13000 MW to nearly 26000 MW.[137]
See also[edit]


Houston portal
Companies portal
Energy portal



Coal power in the United States

References[edit]


^ "Dynegy Generation Facilities." Dynegy. 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dynegy: A Company Review." Dynegy. June 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Hem, Brad. "Targa Is a Youngster With a Precocious Streak. Houston Chronicle. May 17, 2007. Accessed 2012-07-06; "Big Energy Mergers in U.S. and Canada." Bloomberg Business News. August 3, 2005. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Dynegy Inc. Form 10-K. March 8, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Heschmeyer, Mark. "Dynegy Bails on 181,000-SF Houston Office Lease." CoStar Group News. July 11, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ NGC Corporation Changes Name to Dynegy Inc.
^ a b Fox, Loren. Enron: The Rise and Fall. New York: Wiley, 2003, p. 12.
^ Hershey, Jr., Robert D. "Scrambling for Profits in a Gas Glut." New York Times. December 30, 1984.
^ "Noble and Apache to Buy Marketer." New York Times. April 5, 1989.
^ Salpukas, Agis. "How a Staid Electric Company Becomes a Renegade." New York Times. December 12, 1993.
^ "Trident NGL Agrees to be Acquired in $337 Million Deal." New York Times. August 5, 1994.
^ Hoover's Gandbook of American Business 2008. Austin, Tex.: Hoovers, 2007, p. 301.
^ Hoover's Guide to the Top Texas Companies. Austin, Tex.: Reference Press, 1995, p. 122.
^ Standard & Poor's Stock Guide, April 1996.
^ a b Salpukas, Agis. "Growing Natural-Gas Seller to Expand Electric Business." New York Times. February 19, 1997.
^ a b "Two More Deals Further Consolidate the Nation's Utilities." New York Times. June 15, 1999.
^ Myerson, Allen R. "Focus on Electric Power — The Commodity." New York Times. August 23, 1998.
^ "Nova Plans to Sell Its 26% Stake in Dynegy." New York Times. August 25, 1998.
^ "Dynegy Is Acquiring Extant for $152.5 Million." New York Times. August 3, 2000.
^ "Duke and Williams Receive Subpoenas." New York Times. November 9, 2002; Oppel, Jr., Richard A. and Broder, John M. "Judge Rejects California Electricity Refund." New York Times. December 13, 2002.
^ "Court Cases Against Energy Companies Dismissed." New York Times. March 26, 2003.
^ Oppel, Jr., Richard A. and Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Dynegy Is Said to Be Near to Acquiring Enron for $8 Billion." New York Times. November 8, 2001.
^ Oppel, Jr., Richard A. "Enron's Growing Financial Crisis Raises Doubts About Merger Deal." New York Times. November 21, 2001.
^ Oppel, Jr., and Richard A. and Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Enron's Collapse: The Overview." New York Times. November 29, 2001; McGeehan, Patrick. "Assessing the Role of the Financiers." New York Times. December 2, 2001.
^ Norris, Floyd. "Looking for Judgment On a Shattered Deal." New York Times. December 3, 2001.
^ "Dynegy to Pay Enron a $25 Million Settlement." New York Times. August 16, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Get Enron's Natural Gas Pipeline." New York Times. January 4, 2002.
^ Glater, Jonathan D. "Enron Agrees to Transfer Prized Pipeline to Dynegy." New York Times. January 5, 2002.
^ Morgenson, Gretchen. "Economy Is Surging, but Wall St. Is Down in the Dumps." New York Times. April 27, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Gets $900 Million Credit Line." New York Times. May 1, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Says S.E.C. Seeks Gas Inquiry." New York Times. May 9, 2002.
^ Atlas, Riva D. "Dynegy Faces New Questions Over 'Debt' of Partnership." New York Times. May 14, 2002.
^ Banerjee, Neela. "Dynegy's Chief Quits as Unrest Is Reshaping Energy Industry." New York Times. May 29, 2002.
^ a b "Dynegy May Find a Partner to Stabilize Energy Trading." New York Times. July 24, 2002.
^ Banerjee, Neela. "Disclosing Long-Term Contracts, Dynegy Worries Some Investors." New York Times. June 14, 2002.
^ "Dynegy's Chief Financial Officer Quits." New York Times. June 20, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Shuts Its Online Trading System." New York Times. June 21, 2002.
^ Feder, Barnaby J. "Dynegy Plans to Cut Dividend And Sell Assets to Raise Cash." New York Times. June 25, 2002.
^ "Company Briefs." New York Times. June 29, 2002.
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Berkshire to Buy a Gas Pipeline From Dynegy." New York Times. July 30, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Staves Off Bankruptcy With Sale of Pipeline." New York Times. August 17, 2002.
^ Barboza, David. "Ex-Executive Says Dynegy Asked His Help to Cook Books." New York Times. August 5, 2002.
^ Dynegy Says It Is Suspending Dividend Payments." New York Times. August 13, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Won't Seek New Interim Chairman." New York Times. September 4, 2002.
^ Barboza, David. "Dynegy to Pay $3 Million In Settlement With S.E.C." New York Times. September 25, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Fires 6 Energy Trades for False Prices." New York Times. October 19, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Pay $5 Million in Inquiry Into Fake Trades." New York Times. December 20, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Sell a Natural Gas Storage Site in Britain." New York Times. October 1, 2002.
^ Glater, Jonathan D. "Dynegy Says It Will Exit the Energy Trading Business." New York Times. October 17, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Lay Off 14% of Work Force." New York Times. October 22, 2002.
^ Romero, Simon. "Former Employees of Dynegy Face Charges of Fraud." New York Times. June 13, 2003.
^ "2 Ex-Employees Plead Guilty in Dynegy Case." New York Times. August 6, 2003.
^ Romero, Simon. "Stiff Sentence Is Possibility For a Name Not So Known." New York Times. March 24, 2004; Romero, Simon. "Ex-Executive Of Dynegy Is Sentenced to 24 Years." New York Times. March 26, 2004.
^ Romero, Simon. "Revision of 24-Year Prison Term Ordered in Accounting Fraud." New York Times. November 2, 2005; "Fraud Sentence Is Reduced for a Former Dynegy Accountant." New York Times. September 25, 2006.
^ "Former Executives Indicted." New York Times. December 11, 2003.
^ "Former Dynegy Executive Settles With S.E.C." New York Times. October 1, 2007.
^ Glater, Jonathan D. "Dynegy Agrees to Settlement of Suit by Its Shareholders." New York Times. April 16, 2005.
^ "Ex-Officer of Duke Energy Is Named Chief of Dynegy." New York Times. October 24, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Hires Ex-Shell Executive As Financial Officer." New York Times. December 3, 2002.
^ a b Mouawad, Jad. "Life in Energy, After Enron." New York Times. June 25, 2005.
^ "Dynegy Sells European Telecom Business to Klesch." New York Times. January 24, 2003.
^ "Dynegy Again Restates Income for 2001 and 2002." New York Times. February 15, 2003.
^ "Dynegy Agrees to Sell Share of Louisiana Gas Terminal." New York Times. February 19, 2003.
^ "Broadband Provider Will Acquire Dynegy Network." New York Times. April 1, 2003.
^ "Dynegy Strikes Deal for $1.66 Billion in Refinancing." New York Times. April 3, 2003; "ChevronTexaco Agrees to Restructure Dynegy Debt." New York Times. July 16, 2003; "Dynegy to Sell Debt in Private Placement." New York Times. October 1, 2003.
^ "Dynegy to Sell Illinois Power to Exelon." New York Times. November 4, 2003; "Ameren Agrees to Buy Illinois Utility From Dynegy." New York Times. February 4, 2004.
^ "Dynegy Allowed to Quit Contract." New York Times. January 18, 2003; "Dynegy and Southern Agree to Nullify Three Contracts." New York Times. April 24, 2003; "Dynegy Buys Out Electricity Contract." New York Times. January 6, 2004; "Dynegy Exits 4 Natural Gas Transportation Contracts." New York Times. July 15, 2004.
^ "Company Briefs." New York Times. March 25, 2004.
^ "Dynegy to Buy Exelon Unit for $135 Million." New York Times. November 3, 2004.
^ "Dynegy Must Spend $321 Million to Cut Emissions." New York Times. March 8, 2005.
^ "Dynegy Sets $2.3 Billion Merger." New York Times. September 15, 2006.
^ a b "Dynegy in $1.5 Billion Deal to Sell 8 Electricity Plants." Retuers. August 10, 2009.
^ "Chevron Plans Offering of Dynegy Stake." New York Times. May 22, 2007.
^ "Chevron's Profit Rises 24%, With Help From Its Refineries." Reuters. July 28, 2007.
^ "Dynegy and LS Power to Undo Joint Venture." New York Times. August 10, 2009.
^ Berringer, Felicity and Hakim, Danny. "New York Subpoenas 5 Energy Companies." New York Times. September 16, 2007.
^ "Dynegy to Warn Investors on Risks of Coal Burning." Associated Press. October 24, 2008.
^ Freifeld, Karen. "Dynegy Required to Disclose Climate Change Risks." Bloomberg Business News. October 23, 2008. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Blackstone, NRG To Carve Up Dynegy." Wall Street Journal. August 13, 2010, accessed 2012-07-06; de la Merced, Michael J. "Blackstone to Pay $4.7 Billion for Dynegy." New York Times. August 13, 2010, accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Seneca Seeks Proxy Fight at Dynegy." New York Times. November 11, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Kaplan, Thomas. "Icahn Raises His Stake In Dynegy to 12.9%." New York Times. November 13, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "DealBook Online." New York Times. November 12, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Blackstone Raises Offer For Dynegy." New York Times. November 17, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Blackstone Raises Its Offer for Dynegy." New York Times. November 16, 2010. Accessed 2012-07.06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Dynegy Postpones Vote on Blackstone Takeover Bid." New York Times. November 17, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Davidoff, Steven M. "Unusual Tactic." New York Times. November 19, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-6.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Ending Blackstone Talks, Dynegy Seeks New Buyer." New York Times. November 24, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Icahn Bids for Dynegy, After an Offer From Blackstone Is Rejected." New York Times. December 16, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "No Fresh Bidders for Dynegy." New York Times. January 25, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Ahmed, Azam. "Icahn Extends Offer Period for Dynegy." New York Times. January 26, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Seneca Pre-Emptively Rejects Dynegy Offer at $6 a Share." New York Times. January 26, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Dynegy Pleads With Shareholders to Take Icahn Deal." New York Times. February 11, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Ahmed, Azam. "Icahn Extends Dynegy Offer, Again." New York Times. February 14, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dynegy's Top Executives to Resign in Wake of Failed Deals." New York Times. February 21, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Roose, Kevin. "Dynegy Settles With Creditors." New York Times. April 4, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b de la Merced, Michael. "Hurt by Debt, Dynegy Says Bankruptcy Is a Possibility." New York Times. March 9, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dodgers, Dynegy, MF Global, Syms and Filene's: Bankruptcy." Bloomberg Business News. November 14, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Lubben, Stephen J. "What's Behind Dynegy's Unusual Bankruptcy." New York Times. November 8, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Steffy, Loren and Pickrell, Emily. "Dynegy Joins Subsidiary in Bankruptcy." Houston Chronicle. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ a b Checkler, Joseph and Stilwell, Victoria. "Dynegy Joins Subsidiary in Chapter 11, Sets Merger." Wall Street Journal. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Dynegy Hires Restructuring Advisers." New York Times. April 13, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Lubben, Stephen J. "Examiner Rules Dynegy Asset Transfer Was Fraudulent." New York Times. March 10, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Trustee Sought for Dynegy Bankruptcy." New York Times. March 12, 2012, accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dynegy Files for Bankruptcy Protection." Associated Press. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Ahmed, Azam. "Dynegy Files for Bankruptcy as Part of Settlement." New York Times. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Benoit, David. "Dynegy Files for Bankruptcy in Final Blow to Shareholders." Wall Street Journal. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ Crooks, Ed. "Embattled Dynegy files for Chapter 11." Financial Times. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ Chaudhuri, Saabira. "Dynegy Q2 Loss Widens On Coal-Segment Charge." Marketwatch.com. August 3, 2012. Accessed 2012-08-11.
^ a b Butler, Kelsey "Dynegy Holdings Plan Confirmed." Deal Pipeline. September 5, 2012.
^ Powers, Mary. "Dynegy Auctioning Two New York Power Plants Worth 1,693 MW." Platts. September 25, 2012. Accessed 2012-10-17.
^ Goldberg, Laura. "Dynegy Emerges From Bankruptcy, Stock to Return to Market." Houston Chronicle." October 2, 2012. Accessed 2012-10-17.
^ "Freedom Stations Get the Go-Ahead." Chico News-Review. November 15, 2012.
^ Daugherty, Deon. "Dynegy COO Kevin Howell Resigns." Houston Business Journal. January 8, 2013.
^ Pythress, Katherine. "Implosion Reduces Power Plant to Scrap Heap." San Diego Union-Tribune. February 3, 2013.
^ Wolf, Craig. "Dynegy Workers on Strike in Newburgh." Poughkeepsie Journal. November 9, 2012.
^ Bradshaw, Sarah. "Union Workers and Schools Left in Lurch by Dynegy." Poughkeepsie Journal. December 1, 2012.
^ a b Gruen, Abby. "Dynegy Sells Roseton, Danskammer Plants in New York." SNL Energy M&A Review. January 1, 2013.
^ Prezioso, Jeanine and DiSavino, Scott. "Castleton Acquires N.Y. Power Plant From Dynegy." Reuters Hedgeworld. May 1, 2013.
^ Poszywak, Amy. "Dynegy Asks Bankruptcy Court to Force Power Plant Sale Along." SNL Power Daily with Market Report. May 30, 2013.
^ Butler, Kelsey. "Judge Approves Dynegy Plant Sale." The Deal Pipeline. September 3, 2013.
^ Barr, Diana. "Ameren to Sell Merchant Generation Unit to Dynegy." St. Louis Business Journal. March 14, 2013. Accessed 2013-03-21.
^ a b Boshart, Glen. "Dynegy Bid to Buy Ameren's Merchant Plants Makes Its Way to FERC." SNL Power Daily with Market Report. April 18, 2013.
^ a b Yeagle, Patrick. "Shell Game." Illinois Times. September 19, 2013.
^ "Dynegy to Launch Debt Package." Project Finance. April 2013; Gruen, Abby. "Dynegy's $1.8B Refi Will Remake Capital Structure." SNL Electric Utility Report. April 8, 2013.
^ Daugherty, Deon. "Dynegy Closes $1.3B Term Loan Facilities." Houston Business Journal. April 23, 2013.
^ Eaton, Collin. "Dynegy Pays Off Term Loan With $500M in Senior Notes." Houston Business Journal. May 21, 2013.
^ Boshart, Glen. "Dynegy's Bid to Buy Ameren's Merchant Plants Gets Bogged Down at FERC." SNL Power Daily with Market Report. July 29, 2013.
^ McMahon, Bobby. "Sierra Club Seeks More Information on Ameren Deal, Raising Concerns About Local Impacts." Inside F.E.R.C. August 26, 2013.
^ Ryan, Molly. "Dynegy Hits a Roadblock in Ameren Acquisition." Houston Business Journal. June 7, 2013.
^ "Dynegy Seeks Pollution Waiver in Ameren Purchase." Associated Press. July 24, 2013.
^ a b Tomich, Jeffrey. "Pollution Waiver May Decide Fate of Illinois Coal Plants." St. Louis Post-Dispatch. September 13, 2013.
^ a b Finke, Doug. "Pollution Board Weighs Delay For Ameren Plants." Kewanee Star-Courier. September 18, 2013.
^ a b "AFL-CIO Pushes For Waiver For Illinois Plants." Associated Press. September 17, 2013.
^ "Dynegy Rejects Foresight Energy's Plan." St. Louis Business Journal. September 19, 2013.
^ a b c Wernau, Julie. "Power Play for Ill. Coal." Chicago Tribune. September 22, 2013.
^ Rebecca Smith (22 August 2014). "Dynegy to Nearly Double Capacity With $6.25 Billion in Deals". WSJ. 
^ "Acquisitions power Dynegy back into top tier of generators". Houston Chronicle. 


External links[edit]

Dynegy corporate website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dynegy&oldid=788849392"					
Categories: Power companies of the United StatesNatural gas companies of the United StatesCompanies based in HoustonCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisNorsk bokmål 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 3 July 2017, at 21:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Dynegy - Wikipedia






















 






Dynegy

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Dynegy Inc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Dynegy Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DYN


Industry
Energy (Electrical power industry)


Founded
1984


Headquarters
Houston, Texas, United States



Area served

USA (6 states)[1]



Key people

Thomas W. Elward, interim chairman;
Robert C. Flexon, interim chief executive officer;
Kevin Howell, executive vice president and chief operating officer;
Clint Freeland, executive vice president and chief financial officer[2]


Products
Natural Gas (discontinued after 2005);[3]
Electricity generation



Number of employees

1,262 (as of December 31, 2011; 274 at corporate headquarters and 988 at facilities)[4]


Website
www.dynegy.com






601 Travis houses the headquarters of Dynegy


Dynegy Inc. is an electric company based in Houston, Texas, in the United States. It owns and operates a number of power stations in the U.S., all of which are natural gas-fueled or coal-fueled. The company is located at 601 Travis Street in Downtown Houston.[5] The company was founded in 1984 as Natural Gas Clearinghouse. It was originally an energy brokerage, buying and selling natural gas supplies. It changed its name to NGC Corporation in 1995 after entering the electrical power generation business.
The company adopted the name Dynegy in 1998. It attempted to buy the Enron energy trading firm in 2001, but disengaged from the proposed acquisition due to the scandal at Enron. Dynegy nearly went bankrupt in 2002, and several executives were eventually convicted of financial fraud and mismanagement. Dynegy exited the energy trading business in 2002 and the natural gas supply business in 2005, focusing its efforts on electrical generation. The company has one major subsidiary, Dynegy Holdings. It also has three operating subsidiaries: GasCo, CoalCo, and the "stub group" (for other miscellaneous business enterprises).
Dynegy Inc. was the subject of two unsuccessful takeover efforts in 2010. Its Dynegy Holdings subsidiary went bankrupt in November 2011, and Dynegy Inc. itself filed for bankruptcy protection on July 6, 2012. Its GasCo and CoalCo subsidiaries were unaffected by the bankruptcy filing. Dynegy emerged from bankruptcy on October 2, 2012.



Contents


1 Corporate predecessors

1.1 Natural Gas Clearinghouse
1.2 NGC Corporation


2 Dynegy history

2.1 Growth
2.2 Near-bankruptcy of 2002
2.3 Recovery and restructuring
2.4 Takeover battles


3 2012 bankruptcy
4 Post-bankruptcy

4.1 Roseton and Danskammer sales
4.2 Ameren purchase
4.3 2014 acquisitions


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



Corporate predecessors[edit]




Transco Tower (now known as Williams Tower) in Houston, the original headquarters of Dynegy in 1984.


Natural Gas Clearinghouse[edit]
Natural Gas Clearinghouse (NGC) was created in 1985 by Charles Watson;[6] a consortium of natural gas pipeline companies that included Transco; investment bank Morgan Stanley; and the legal firm of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld. A major investor was Kenneth Lay, later the chief executive officer of the energy firm Enron.[7] Its first headquarters was on the 40th floor of the Transco Tower in Houston, Texas.[8] NGC was so successful that in 1985 Morgan Stanley bought out some of the other investors and took a majority stake in the company.[7]
NGC was purchased by Noble Affiliates, Inc. and Apache Corporation, independent oil and gas exploration and production companies, for a reported $50 million in 1989.[9] In 1993, LG&E Energy Corporation took a stake in NGC, which by then was the largest independent natural gas marketing firm in the United States and had revenues of more than US$2 billion.[10] NGC purchased Trident NGL in 1994 in a deal worth more than $750 million.[11] That same year, it also established a partnership with Nova (also known as Novagas Clearinghouse, a natural gas marketing company based in Canada) and British Gas, which gave both companies a financial stake in NGC.[12]
NGC Corporation[edit]
Natural Gas Clearinghouse shortened its name to NGC Corporation in 1995 after its merger with Trident NGL closed. It became a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange that same year.[13] By 1996, it had grown to US$550 million in assets, and carried US$525 million in long-term debt.[14] NGC Corporation also established several subsidiaries to enable it to enter the electrical generation, marketing, and sales areas. Electric Clearinghouse sold electricity, and the Energy Store marketed it. In August 1996, it purchased the natural gas gathering, marketing, and processing operations of Chevron Corporation.[15] The latter deal gave Chevron a 29 percent stake in NGC.[16] NGC followed that deal by buying Destec Energy for US$1.27 billion. The deal required NGC Corporation to sell Destec's power generation subsidiaries in Australia, Canada, the Dominican Republic, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom for US$407 million, although NGC Corporation retained Destec's 20 domestic gas-fired power plants.[15]
Dynegy history[edit]
Growth[edit]
In June 1998, NGC Corporation changed its name to Dynegy, Inc. The company's original slogan was "We believe in people."[17] Nova announced two months later that it was seeking to sell its stake in Dynegy.[18] Dynegy bought Illinova Corporation in 1999 in a deal worth US$1.75 billion and the assumption of US$2.25 billion of Illinova Corp. debt. The deal also allowed Nova and British Gas to sell their stake in Dynegy.[16]
Dynegy also began branching into areas outside natural gas and electrical generation. In August 2000, the company announced that it had purchased Extant Inc., a broadband provider building a nationwide fiber optic network, for US$152.5 million.[19]
Dynegy, along with Enron, El Paso Corporation, Reliant Energy, and several other energy companies, was accused of price manipulation and other fraudulent practices during the California electricity crisis in 2000 and 2001.[20] The case against Dynegy was dismissed in 2003.[21]
In 2001, Dynegy made a white knight US$8 billion takeover bid for Enron, which was saddled with $13 billion in debt and whose stock had plummeted.[22] The deal began unraveling two weeks later as Enron revealed even larger financial losses and more debt than previously reported.[23] Dynegy withdrew its merger offer on November 28.[24] Enron sued Dynegy on December 2, the day after Enron declared bankruptcy.[25] (The lawsuit was settled in August 2002 after Dynegy agreed to pay Enron US$25 million for backing out of the deal.)[26] Enron attempted to sell off assets in an effort to stay afloat. On January 3, 2002, Dynegy successfully acquired Enron's Northern Natural Gas Company pipeline.[27] NNGC was Enron's most lucrative pipeline asset and had been put up as collateral in return for Dynegy providing financing to Enron during merger talks.[28]
Near-bankruptcy of 2002[edit]




Wells Fargo Plaza in Houston, the headquarters of Dynegy as of 2011. The company moved out in 2012.


Dynegy came close to bankruptcy in 2002. Investor pressure on energy stocks in the wake of the Enron collapse pushed Dynegy's stock price down 42 percent by late April. The company also admitted on April 26 that it made a large accounting error on a fuel contract, which further depressed the stock price 22 percent. Moody's Investors Service announced it was reviewing all US$4 billion of Dynegy debt.[29] In financial distress, Dynegy successfully applied for a US$900 million line of credit.[30] On May 1, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission opened a formal investigation into how Dynegy's "Project Alpha", an internal corporate initiative that allegedly inflated income from natural gas transactions and illegally structured business partnerships to avoid income.[31] Two weeks later, the New York Times reported that Dynegy's Illinova subsidiary was part of the investigation. Illinova had formed a joint partnership named Catlin in January 2000 with a little-known investment company named Black Thunder. Catlin took over some of Illinova's electrical generating assets. Although Black Thunder put up almost 90 percent of the money to form Catlin, Dynegy was required to buy out Black Thunder's investment or sell off the assets if Catlin did not earn a specified high rate of return.[32] On May 28, Dynegy founder, president, and chief executive officer Charles Watson resigned.[33] Dynegy Inc. chairman Dan Dienstbier was named interim CEO.[34] In mid-June, Dynegy reported that its first quarter income had fallen 80 percent. It also admitted that it had signed long-term power contracts that would not produce revenue for years to come. But it had charged the income to the current year's revenues in an attempt to bolster its bottom line.[35] On June 19, Dynegy's chief financial office, Rob Doty, resigned.[36] The following day, Dynegy shut down its online energy trading system.[37]
Dynegy was quickly approaching bankruptcy by late June 2002. On June 25, the company announced it would sell off assets in an attempt to raise US$2 billion in cash.[38] Moody's downgraded the rating of the company's bonds to "junk" status on June 28.[39] Dynegy announced it might need a financial partner to help it stabilize. After the July 23 announcement, the company's shares dropped 64 percent.[34] Desperate for cash, Dynegy sold the Northern Natural Gas Company to MidAmerican Energy Holdings for $928 million on July 29 ($572 less than it paid for it).[40] The sale saved Dynegy from bankruptcy.[41]
Although Dynegy avoided bankruptcy, the fallout from the company's accounting practices continued throughout 2002. In August, former Dynegy controller and chief accounting officer Bradley P. Farnsworth sued the company, saying he'd been fired after refusing to help manipulate the company's financial statements in the summer of 2000.[42] The company suspended its dividend on August 12.[43] On September 3, interim chairman Glenn F. Tilton resigned in order to become chief executive officer of United Airlines.[44] On September 24, Dynegy announced that it had agreed to pay a US$3 million fine for using the Catlin company and other business partnerships to hide losses and taxable income. It also admitted that it had engaged in "round-trip" trades, phony natural gas and electricity trades designed to mislead investors and other companies about the success of Dynegy's online trading operation.[45] The company later fired five traders after the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) discovered that Dynegy energy traders had supplied false prices to industry trade publications.[46] The company later paid a US$5 million fine to the CFTC.[47] Still needing cash, Dynegy sold its Hornsea natural gas storage site in the United Kingdom to help pay the fine.[48]
Dynegy shuttered its online energy trading business for good on October 16, 2002.[49] The closure led Dynegy to lay off 14 percent of its workforce, which left it with just 4,600 employees.[50]
Several Dynegy executives were later convicted or indicted for their roles in Dynegy's near-collapse. In June 2003, Jamie Olis (former Senior Director of Tax Planning), Gene Foster (former Vice President for Taxation), and Helen Sharkey (a former employee in Dynegy's risk control and deal structure groups), were indicted on numerous counts of mail and wire fraud. According to court documents, the three employees conceived of a plan in early 2001 to borrow money but make it look like operational revenue. A corporation known as ABG Gas Supply was created. ABG secured loans from Citigroup, Credit Suisse First Boston, and Deutsche Bank to buy natural gas at market prices. ABG then sold this gas at a discount to Dynegy, which resold it at market prices and booked a $300 million profit. ABG then bought natural gas at market prices, and sold it at a premium to Dynegy. The profits ABG booked were then used to repay the loans. Prosecutors accused Olis, Foster, and Sharkey of deceiving auditors, regulators, and other company executives regarding the transactions.[51] Foster and Sharkey plead guilty two months later.[52] Olis was found guilty in March 2004, and sentenced to 24 years in prison.[53] (A year later, after a U.S. Supreme Court ruling in a different case held that mandatory sentencing guidelines violated the Constitution, Olis' sentence was reduced to just six years in prison.)[54] In December 2003, three former executives at Nicor Energy LLC (a joint venture of Dynegy and Nicor), were indicted for illegally manipulating that firm's income by US$11 million in 2001 to hide losses.[55] Former chief financial officer Robert Doty agreed to pay a $376,650 fine in October 2007 for his role in helping to conceal the ABG Gas Supply scheme.[56]
Shareholders, too, were unhappy with Dynegy's actions during the financial crisis. A class action lawsuit was filed against the company in 2002. In April 2005, Dynegy agreed to settle the lawsuit. Shareholders would be paid a total of US$468 million. To come up with the money, Dynegy paid out $250 million in cash and issued $68 million in stock to the plaintiffs. Its insurance companies paid another $150 million to the plaintiffs.[57]
Recovery and restructuring[edit]
On October 23, 2002, Dynegy hired Bruce Williamson, a former Duke Energy executive, as its chief executive officer.[58] Six weeks later, Dynegy hired Nick J. Caruso, a former chief financial officer at Royal Dutch Shell, as its new chief financial officer.[59]
Williamson began a program of cost cutting, elimination of unprofitable businesses, and financial restructuring. As Williamson later told the New York Times in June 2005, "We had businesses in trading, in marketing, in broadband communications, in Europe, in communications as far as China. What we have done is very systematically sell those off, shut down offices and concentrate on the two businesses that looked like we had a competitive advantage."[60] Dynegy sold its telecommunications business in Europe in January 2003,[61] restated its income for 2001 and 2002,[62] sold a natural gas terminal in Louisiana,[63] sold its telecommunications business in North America in April 2003,[64] engaged in a US$1.6 billion refinancing and other restructuring of its debt,[65] sold its Illinois Power Company subsidiary to Ameren,[66] and nullified a number of contracts in non-core or money-losing areas.[67] In March 2004, Wiliamson was named chairman of the company, succeeding Dan Dienstbier (who retired).[68]
Dynegy undertook a strategy to move into coal-fired and hydroelectric electrical generation in 2004, and out of natural gas distribution and trading. In November 2004, the company acquired four natural gas-fired and four hydroelectric power generation plants in the Northeast United States.[69] In March 2005, it agreed to settle a 1999 dispute with the Environmental Protection Agency by spending US$321 million to repair and upgrade coal-fired generating plants in Illinois to reduce pollutants.[70] In mid-2005, Dynegy hired Credit Suisse First Boston to assist it in finding a buyer for its natural gas transmission businesses.[60] The sale of this business came quickly: In August 2005, Dynegy sold this business to Targa Resources, a company owned by private equity firm Warburg Pincus.[3]
In September 2006, Dynegy and LS Power Group agreed to a joint venture in a deal worth US$2.3 billion. Under the terms of the agreemnent, Dynegy gave LS Power a 40 percent stake in Dynegy itself while LS Power contributed 10 of its power plants.[71] Dynegy also agreed to create a 245 million new Class B shares, which it turned over to LS Power.[72] In May 2007, ChevronTexaco announced it was selling its 12 percent stake in Dynegy to the public.[73] The sale netted ChevronTexaco US$680 million by July.[74] The joint venture did not last, however. In August 2009, LS Power agreed to buy nine electrical generating plants from Dynegy for US$1.025 billion in cash in order to dissolve the joint venture.[75] Part of the reason for the joint venture's demise was another collapse in Dynegy's share price. Dynegy's shares fell 80 percent in the two years after the deal closed, and the company posted a large $345 million loss in the second quarter of 2009. LS Power also agreed to return all its Class B shares, so that Dynegy would only have 95 million shares of common stock outstanding. The dissolution of the joint venture left LS Power with a 15 percent stake in Dynegy.[72]
Dynegy's move into coal-powered electrical generation was not without controversy. In September 2007, New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo sued Dynegy and other utilities, arguing that the companies were not properly accounting for the financial risks that pollutants from coal-fired generating plants created.[76] After a year of negotiations and legal maneuvering, Dynegy agreed to issue statements to its current and future investors warning that government regulation of carbon emissions and lawsuits over pollution could pose financial risks to the company.[77] Its move into coal-fired electrical generation led the National Environmental Trust, an environmental group, to derisively call Dynegy the "king of coal" in 2008.[78]
Takeover battles[edit]
On August 13, 2010, the Blackstone Group announced plans to purchase Dynegy for US$4.7 billion. As part of the deal, NRG Energy would acquire four natural gas plants in California and Maine for US$1.36 Billion.[79] Seneca Capital, Dynegy's largest shareholder, fought the purchase in a proxy fight.[80] Dynegy investor Carl Icahn also promised a proxy battle, arguing that Blackstone Group's offer was too low. Icahn raised his stake in Dynegy to 12.9 percent in preparation for the shareholder fight.[81] Seneca Capital nominated former railroad executive E. Hunter Harrison and former energy company executive Jeff D. Hunter for the Dynegy board of directors, challenging Bruce Williamson and David Biegler (a Williamson ally).[82]
A series of maneuvers followed. Dynegy executives said the offer was a good one, as the deal would give Dynegy access to lines of credit which would enable it to refinance and restructure its debt. With energy prices at cyclical lows, the company said it lacked the resources to do so and that its debt burden was destabilizing. Blackstone Group initially said it would not offer more than US$4.50 per share,[83] but then revised its offer later that day to US$5.00 a share.[84] Worried that it did not have enough shareholder support to accept the Blackstone Group offer, Dynegy proposed postponing its shareholder meeting a few days to November 23,[85] but postponement did not occur. Legal counsel advised that Delaware law (under which Dynegy was incorporated) considered a postponement a new meeting, and that would require notifying shareholders (again) and giving at least 20 days' notice. Furthermore, Dynegy's proxy rules did not make it clear that a proxy remained in effect in the event of a postponement (which could lead to lawsuits). Legal counsel also believed that Dynegy management would be forced refile resolution with shareholders and resolicit votes, which would delay a meeting until early 2011.[86] During the shareholder meeting, management's fears proved accurate. On November 19, Dynegy was forced to recess its shareholder meeting in an attempt to garner more support for the Blackstone bid. (Dynegy was unable to adjourn the meeting because its bylaws did not clearly provide for adjournment to another date, and because it was unclear that adjournment could occur without a shareholder vote—a vote the board felt it would lose.)[86] During the four-day recess, Dynegy executives said the company would continue to solicit a takeover even if the Blackstone Group bid failed. On November 23, 2010, Dynegy management and Blackstone agreed to call off the takeover after it became clear there was not enough support for the US$5.00 a share bid.[87]
On December 15, 2010, Icahn offered a US$5.50 a share cash bid for Dynegy.[88] Dynegy's board asked for other bids, but none emerged.[89] But Icahn, too, found little support among shareholders. He extended his offer by two weeks on January 25, 2011.[90] That same day, Seneca Capital said it would not even entertain a US$6.00 a share bid.[91] Dynegy's board urged shareholders to accept the Icahn bid, or risk bankruptcy.[92] But by mid-February, even those investors willing to accept the Icahn bid had rescinded these offers. Icahn extended his offer by few days.[93] The Icahn bid, too, collapsed.
On February 20, 2011, Bruce Williamson resigned as Dynegy's chairman, and announced he would step down as chief executive officer on March 11. Chief financial officer Holli C. Nichols also said she would resign as chief financial officer on March 11 as well. Board member Thomas W. Elward was named interim chairman, and Robert C. Flexon was appointed interim president and chief executive officer.[94][95] Harrison was elected to the board of directors. Also elected to the board were Vincent J. Intrieri, Senior Managing Director of Icahn Capital, and Samuel J. Merksamer, an investment analyst for Icahn Capital.[96]
2012 bankruptcy[edit]
The takeover bids all came after one of Dynegy's largest subsidiaries filed for bankruptcy. On November 7, 2011 Dynegy Holdings, the largest of Dynegy Inc.'s four subsidiaries, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.[97]
The bankruptcy was a novel one. Dynegy had structured itself so that Dynegy Inc. (the holding company) had little debt. Nearly all the debt was held by its subsidiary, Dynegy Holdings, which also guaranteed debt for the operating divisions. Dynegy Inc. created three operating divisions: the natural gas group (GasCo), the coal group (CoalCo), and a group for all other businesses (known as "the stub group"). GasCo and CoalCo were structured so that they would be little affected by any bankruptcy filing by either Dynegy Inc. or Dynegy Holdings. Part of the structure meant that few of the natural GasCo's and CoalCo's dividends were given to Dynegy Holdings. To separate Dynegy Holdings from Dynegy Inc., Dynegy Holdings was transformed from a corporation into a limited liability company (LLC). This legal maneuver took advantage of a Delaware Supreme Court ruling which made it difficult for creditors to sue an LLC's board of directors for failing to uphold their fiduciary duty. Finally, GasCo and CoalCo sold themselves to Dynegy Inc., which left Dynegy Holdings holding US$1.25 billion in debt but without the ability to seize the assets of GasCo and CoalCo in the event of a default. Under the structure adopted by Dynegy Inc., the company could meet its debt obligations to Dynegy Holdings by paying cash or by forgiving debt. This provided an incentive for Dynegy Inc. to withhold payment and force Dynegy Holdings to declare bankruptcy (thereby reducing the value of the debt and making it easier to pay off).[98]
The restructuring plan put Dynegy's assets which had the worst financial performance into the hands of Dynegy Holdings.[99] The goal was to protect Dynegy's secured creditors at the expense of its unsecured creditors. The plan had already generated one lawsuit. In 2011, U.S. Bancorp, representing bondholders whose investment was secured by leases of two Dynegy power plants new Newburgh, New York (the Danskammer Generating Station and the Roseton Generating Station).[100]
On March 8, 2011, Dynegy submitted financial filings with government regulators warning investors that it faced bankruptcy if it could not restructure its debt.[96] The company announced a month later that it had hired the restructuring firm Lazard and the law firm White & Case to advise it on debt restructuring. Vincent Intrieri was named chair of the boards finance and restructuring committee.[101]
On March 9, 2012, the November 2011 bankruptcy of Dynegy Holdings ran into difficulty. An examiner appointed by the United States bankruptcy court found that the Dynegy Inc.'s purchase of CoalCo was fraudulent. The examiner found that Dynegy Holdings was already bankrupt at the time the sale took place, and therefore constituted a breach of fiduciary duty by the Dynegy Holdings board of directors. This allowed the Dynegy Holdings board of directors to sue the Dynegy Inc. board of directors for damages (which could run into the billions of dollars). This threw the Dynegy Holdings bankrutpcy filing into doubt, and put Dynegy Inc. on the hook for billions in debt.[102] The bankruptcy court trustee said she would sue on behalf of Dynegy Holdings to recover these debts.[103]
The bankruptcy court examiner's finding quickly led to the bankruptcy of Dynegy Inc. itself. On April 3, 2012, Dynegy Inc. announced that it had reached an agreement with the U.S. bankruptcy trustee, the board of directors of Dynegy Holdings, and its other creditors. The agreement, which affected US$2.25 billion in debt, gave all creditors 99 percent of the stock of Dynegy Inc. once it emerged from bankruptcy. Existing shareholders would get just 1 percent of the stock in the new company, with warrants enabling them to buy up to 13.5 of common stock at a set price over the next five years.[95] Accordingly, Dynegy Inc. filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on July 5, 2012.[104] The bankrutpcy plan filed by Dynegy Inc. also called for a merger with Dynegy Holdings. The bankruptcy filing did not, however, affect GasCo, CoalCo, or the "stub group", and allowed the Dynegy Holdings bankruptcy to proceed.[105] Dynegy's stock was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange following the bankruptcy filing.[106] U.S. Bancorp agreed to drop its lawsuit against the company in exchange for a $540 million claim against the company in bankruptcy court. The bondholders represented by U.S. Bancorp would also get a further US$31 million if the Danskammer and Roseton plants are sold.[100]
As part of its bankruptcy filing, Dynegy moved its corporate headquarters. In November 2011, the company signed a lease for new principal offices in an office building at 601 Travis Street in Houston. (It occupied these quarters early July 2012.) Dynegy continued to hold leases on several floors of the Wells Fargo Plaza, however. As part of its bankruptcy filing, the bankruptcy court approved a new lease in which Dynegy would abandon 130,000 square feet (12,000 m2) of space at Wells Fargo Plaza. The company asked the court to cancel its lease on the remaining 50,000 square feet (4,600 m2) as well.[5]
Dynegy said it hoped to hold a vote on August 24, at which time its creditors would approve the bankruptcy plan. A court hearing on the creditor-approved bankruptcy plan would then be held September 5, after which the company said it would emerge from bankruptcy protection.[107]
Dynegy Inc. posted a second-quarter 2012 loss of $1.06 billion, an increase to $8.65 per share from 95 cents per share a year ago. The company blamed, among other things, markedly lower demand for its electricity, much lower prices for its coal, and a $941 million noncash loss caused by the transfer of its coal unit to Dynegy Holdings. The company also said it now hoped to emerge from bankruptcy in September 2012.[108]
Dynegy agreed to auction off its Roseton and Danskammer energy plants in New York state in order to emerge from bankruptcy. Dynegy had signed a sale-leaseback agreement in 2001 with Public Services Enterprise Group for the Roseton and Danskammer facilities. Fifty percent of the proceeds from the auction would be used to pay bondholders (up to $571 million), while the remaining 50 percent would be used to pay unsecured creditors.[109] The unsecured creditors would get $200 million in cash.[110] Unsecured creditors also would receive 99 percent of Dynegy's new stock, with the company retaining the rest (with warrants to purchase 13.5 percent of the stock after five years). Dynegy also agreed to pay holders of $206 million in subordinated capital income securities just $55 million in principal and $16 million in interest to settle their claims. The bankruptcy agreement also settled claims between Dynegy Holdings and Dynegy, Inc.[109]
Dynegy emerged from bankruptcy on October 2, 2012, and its shares began trading on October 3 under the "DYN" symbol.[111]
Post-bankruptcy[edit]
On November 5, 2012, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission settled a decade-old lawsuit which alleged that Dynegy had manipulated the California energy market. While the lawsuit continued, Dynegy sold its California subsidiary to NRG Energy, Inc. NRG Energy subsequently agreed to pay $20 million in refunds to consumers as well as spend more than $100 million to install 200 public fast-charging electric vehicle stations and 10,000 plug-in stations throughout California. Twenty percent of the stations were required to be in low-income neighborhoods.[112]
On January 4, 2013, Dynegy's Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Howell, resigned. Howell continued as a consultant to the company, and agreed to stay on until a successor was named in order to provide an orderly transition.[113]
On February 2, 2013, Dynegy's South Bay Power Plant in San Diego, California, was imploded. The demolition of the 165-foot (50 m) smokestacks of the outmoded plant was watched by more than 1,000 people.[114]
Roseton and Danskammer sales[edit]
The sale of the Roseton and Danskammer plants—a condition of Dynegy's emergence from bankruptcy—proceeded slowly. On November 8, 2012, members of International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) Local 320 struck the Roseton and Danskammer plants after a contract extension expired and Dynegy continued to seek cuts in retirement benefits.[115] Dynegy's bankruptcy also left $17 million in unpaid property taxes in Dutchess County, New York. This created a budget crisis in the county which threatened to close local schools and create severe cutbacks in county services.[116] On December 10, 2012, Dynegy announced it would sell the Roseton plant to Louis Dreyfus Highbridge Energy for $19.5 million in cash.[117] The sale closed on April 30, 2013.[118]
The Danskammer plant sale was far more troubled. The plant was heavily damaged by Hurricane Sandy in October 2012, rendering it inoperable. On December 10, Dynegy said that ICS NY Holdings would buy the plant for $3.5 million and demolish it.[117] But the ICS sale stalled. Under the terms of the auction, ICS NY had to replace or find a substitute for its credit support agreement, and pay its portion of the plant's outstanding property taxes. But, Dynegy said, the company never did either. ICS defended itself, saying it was making every economically feasible effort to replace the credit agreement. On May 25, 2013, Dynegy filed suit with the bankruptcy court to force ICA to fulfill its obligations.[119] The court imposed a July 31 deadline for ICS to close the sale, but it did not meet the deadline. Dynegy subsequently sought another buyer. Helios Power Capital, a private equity firm, agreed to purchase the plant for $3.5 million in cash on August 20. The court approved the sale on September 2.[120]
Ameren purchase[edit]
In mid-March 2013, Dynegy purchased three electric generating subsidiaries of Ameren, an Illinois power company. The deal, worth $900 million, involved Ameren's Ameren Energy Generating Co. (Genco); Genco's controlling interest in Electric Energy Inc.; AmerenEnergy Resources Generating Co.; and Ameren Energy Marketing Co. Dynegy formed a subsidiary, Illinois Power Holdings (IPH), to purchase the Ameren subsidiaries. No cash changed hands; rather, IPH agreed to assume $825 million in debt owed by Genco and the other subsidiaries. Ameren also transferred about $180 million in tax benefits the three subsidiaries would have received in 2015. Ameren retained Genco's inactive Hutsonville and Meredosia plants, and agreed to buy back from IPH for $133 million three natural gas electrical generating plants. Dynegy agreed to honor the union collective bargaining agreements in force at all plants.[121] Under the deal, Dynegy acquired five coal-fired generating plants: Coffeen in Coffeen, Illinois; Duck Creek in Canton, Illinois; E.D. Edwards in Bartonville, Illinois; Joppa in Joppa, Illinois; and Newton in Newton, Illinois.[122][123]
As the deal worked its way through state and federal regulatory approval, Dynegy took advantage of low interest rates and refinanced its debt. The company obtained $1.3 billion in term loan B facilities and $500 million in revolving credit. The company used this income to retire an $800 million, seven-year line of credit and a $500 million, two-year line of credit. Dynegy agreed that the revolving credit line would be paid off and terminate within five years.[124] Two syndicated loans made up the $1.3 billion loan package. The $800 million loan and the $500 million loan were both due in 2020.[125] This left Dynegy with $1.28 billion in lines of credit and $500 million in outstanding bonds.[126]
The Ameren plants-for-debt swap also ran into trouble. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) had to approve the deal and ensure that there was no negative impact on consumers from Dynegy's expanding market share in the Midwest. But on April 16, FERC said that the studies submitted by Dynegy and Ameren were inadequate, and it ordered the two firms to rerun the studies and report back to FERC by July 14.[122] On July 16, FERC again declined to approve or disapprove the Dynegy-Ameren deal. The agency said that it Dynegy's study showed it charging market rates for energy in the Midwest. But FERC said it worried that transmission bottlenecks in the area would permit Dynegy to charge much more. Furthermore, federal regulators were considering an expansion in the market area IPH could serve. FERC asked Dynegy to provide additional information on transmission limitations and market area expansion.[127] In August, the Sierra Club formally filed opposition to the Dynegy-Ameren deal. The environmental group said the transmission bottleneck issue gave Dynegy too much market power. It also argued that Dynegy and Ameren had submitted only regional market power data, and had not accounted for local impacts (which could be very severe).[128]
Another obstacle emerged on June 6. Ameren was required to install pollution-reducing equipment on its five coal-fired generating plants in 2015. But because Ameren was in financial difficulty, it sought and received a waiver from the state of Illinois granting it a five-year delay. Ameren sought to transfer this delay to Dynegy, so that Dynegy would not have to immediately install the devices until 2020, either. But the Illinois Pollution Control Board denied Ameren's request.[129] Dynegy filed its own request for a five-year waiver in July, and warned that the Ameren deal would fall apart if it did not receive the waiver. But the Sierra Club, the Environmental Law and Policy Center, and other environmental groups said Dynegy had the resources to install the equipment, and opposed a waiver.[130][131][132] ACM Partners, a financial firm hired by the Sierra Club, also argued that Dynegy purposefully left IPH significantly underfunded and unable to tap into the parent company's resources.[123] Dynegy disagreed, but the firm warned that if IPH went bankrupt, workers would lose pensions and local communities would have to pay for any environmental remediation.[131] The Illinois AFL-CIO, however, supported Dynegy's request on September 16, saying that local jobs depended on the waiver.[132][133] The pollution board said it would make a decision by November 2013.[133] Foresight Energy, a major Illinois coal mining company, said it would install the $500 million anti-pollution devices for free if Dynegy agreed to sign a long-term contract to accept coal only from Foresight Energy. Dynegy declined the offer (in part because it already has long-term coal contracts),[134][135] and environmental groups opposed it.[135]
There was some speculation by financial analysts that the Dynegy-Ameren deal was a poor one. Julien Dumoulin-Smith, executive director of UBS Investment Research, said Dynegy is far more likely to shutter all five coal-powered plants rather than add pollution control devices. Dumoulin-Smith pointed out that the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued final rules on sulfur dioxide emissions that go into effect in July 2018. Because the Edwards plant is in an area of low air quality, EPA is likely to force Dynegy to close the plant anyway. The remaining four plants are borderline cases with the exception of Duck Creek Station which spent nearly US$800m on sulfur dioxide removal, and may also be forced to close if EPA regulations tighten in the future (a highly likely possibility, he said).[135]
2014 acquisitions[edit]
On August 22, 2014, Dynegy announced a deal involving two interdependent transactions to be executed simultaneously.[136] Dynegy acquired Duke’s Midwest Generation assets and retail business for $2.8 billion in cash, and the power generating assets of EquiPower Resources for $3.45 billion, with $3.35 billion in cash and $100 million in stock. This increased the company's generating capacity from 13000 MW to nearly 26000 MW.[137]
See also[edit]


Houston portal
Companies portal
Energy portal



Coal power in the United States

References[edit]


^ "Dynegy Generation Facilities." Dynegy. 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dynegy: A Company Review." Dynegy. June 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Hem, Brad. "Targa Is a Youngster With a Precocious Streak. Houston Chronicle. May 17, 2007. Accessed 2012-07-06; "Big Energy Mergers in U.S. and Canada." Bloomberg Business News. August 3, 2005. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Dynegy Inc. Form 10-K. March 8, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Heschmeyer, Mark. "Dynegy Bails on 181,000-SF Houston Office Lease." CoStar Group News. July 11, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ NGC Corporation Changes Name to Dynegy Inc.
^ a b Fox, Loren. Enron: The Rise and Fall. New York: Wiley, 2003, p. 12.
^ Hershey, Jr., Robert D. "Scrambling for Profits in a Gas Glut." New York Times. December 30, 1984.
^ "Noble and Apache to Buy Marketer." New York Times. April 5, 1989.
^ Salpukas, Agis. "How a Staid Electric Company Becomes a Renegade." New York Times. December 12, 1993.
^ "Trident NGL Agrees to be Acquired in $337 Million Deal." New York Times. August 5, 1994.
^ Hoover's Gandbook of American Business 2008. Austin, Tex.: Hoovers, 2007, p. 301.
^ Hoover's Guide to the Top Texas Companies. Austin, Tex.: Reference Press, 1995, p. 122.
^ Standard & Poor's Stock Guide, April 1996.
^ a b Salpukas, Agis. "Growing Natural-Gas Seller to Expand Electric Business." New York Times. February 19, 1997.
^ a b "Two More Deals Further Consolidate the Nation's Utilities." New York Times. June 15, 1999.
^ Myerson, Allen R. "Focus on Electric Power — The Commodity." New York Times. August 23, 1998.
^ "Nova Plans to Sell Its 26% Stake in Dynegy." New York Times. August 25, 1998.
^ "Dynegy Is Acquiring Extant for $152.5 Million." New York Times. August 3, 2000.
^ "Duke and Williams Receive Subpoenas." New York Times. November 9, 2002; Oppel, Jr., Richard A. and Broder, John M. "Judge Rejects California Electricity Refund." New York Times. December 13, 2002.
^ "Court Cases Against Energy Companies Dismissed." New York Times. March 26, 2003.
^ Oppel, Jr., Richard A. and Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Dynegy Is Said to Be Near to Acquiring Enron for $8 Billion." New York Times. November 8, 2001.
^ Oppel, Jr., Richard A. "Enron's Growing Financial Crisis Raises Doubts About Merger Deal." New York Times. November 21, 2001.
^ Oppel, Jr., and Richard A. and Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Enron's Collapse: The Overview." New York Times. November 29, 2001; McGeehan, Patrick. "Assessing the Role of the Financiers." New York Times. December 2, 2001.
^ Norris, Floyd. "Looking for Judgment On a Shattered Deal." New York Times. December 3, 2001.
^ "Dynegy to Pay Enron a $25 Million Settlement." New York Times. August 16, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Get Enron's Natural Gas Pipeline." New York Times. January 4, 2002.
^ Glater, Jonathan D. "Enron Agrees to Transfer Prized Pipeline to Dynegy." New York Times. January 5, 2002.
^ Morgenson, Gretchen. "Economy Is Surging, but Wall St. Is Down in the Dumps." New York Times. April 27, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Gets $900 Million Credit Line." New York Times. May 1, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Says S.E.C. Seeks Gas Inquiry." New York Times. May 9, 2002.
^ Atlas, Riva D. "Dynegy Faces New Questions Over 'Debt' of Partnership." New York Times. May 14, 2002.
^ Banerjee, Neela. "Dynegy's Chief Quits as Unrest Is Reshaping Energy Industry." New York Times. May 29, 2002.
^ a b "Dynegy May Find a Partner to Stabilize Energy Trading." New York Times. July 24, 2002.
^ Banerjee, Neela. "Disclosing Long-Term Contracts, Dynegy Worries Some Investors." New York Times. June 14, 2002.
^ "Dynegy's Chief Financial Officer Quits." New York Times. June 20, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Shuts Its Online Trading System." New York Times. June 21, 2002.
^ Feder, Barnaby J. "Dynegy Plans to Cut Dividend And Sell Assets to Raise Cash." New York Times. June 25, 2002.
^ "Company Briefs." New York Times. June 29, 2002.
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Berkshire to Buy a Gas Pipeline From Dynegy." New York Times. July 30, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Staves Off Bankruptcy With Sale of Pipeline." New York Times. August 17, 2002.
^ Barboza, David. "Ex-Executive Says Dynegy Asked His Help to Cook Books." New York Times. August 5, 2002.
^ Dynegy Says It Is Suspending Dividend Payments." New York Times. August 13, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Won't Seek New Interim Chairman." New York Times. September 4, 2002.
^ Barboza, David. "Dynegy to Pay $3 Million In Settlement With S.E.C." New York Times. September 25, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Fires 6 Energy Trades for False Prices." New York Times. October 19, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Pay $5 Million in Inquiry Into Fake Trades." New York Times. December 20, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Sell a Natural Gas Storage Site in Britain." New York Times. October 1, 2002.
^ Glater, Jonathan D. "Dynegy Says It Will Exit the Energy Trading Business." New York Times. October 17, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Lay Off 14% of Work Force." New York Times. October 22, 2002.
^ Romero, Simon. "Former Employees of Dynegy Face Charges of Fraud." New York Times. June 13, 2003.
^ "2 Ex-Employees Plead Guilty in Dynegy Case." New York Times. August 6, 2003.
^ Romero, Simon. "Stiff Sentence Is Possibility For a Name Not So Known." New York Times. March 24, 2004; Romero, Simon. "Ex-Executive Of Dynegy Is Sentenced to 24 Years." New York Times. March 26, 2004.
^ Romero, Simon. "Revision of 24-Year Prison Term Ordered in Accounting Fraud." New York Times. November 2, 2005; "Fraud Sentence Is Reduced for a Former Dynegy Accountant." New York Times. September 25, 2006.
^ "Former Executives Indicted." New York Times. December 11, 2003.
^ "Former Dynegy Executive Settles With S.E.C." New York Times. October 1, 2007.
^ Glater, Jonathan D. "Dynegy Agrees to Settlement of Suit by Its Shareholders." New York Times. April 16, 2005.
^ "Ex-Officer of Duke Energy Is Named Chief of Dynegy." New York Times. October 24, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Hires Ex-Shell Executive As Financial Officer." New York Times. December 3, 2002.
^ a b Mouawad, Jad. "Life in Energy, After Enron." New York Times. June 25, 2005.
^ "Dynegy Sells European Telecom Business to Klesch." New York Times. January 24, 2003.
^ "Dynegy Again Restates Income for 2001 and 2002." New York Times. February 15, 2003.
^ "Dynegy Agrees to Sell Share of Louisiana Gas Terminal." New York Times. February 19, 2003.
^ "Broadband Provider Will Acquire Dynegy Network." New York Times. April 1, 2003.
^ "Dynegy Strikes Deal for $1.66 Billion in Refinancing." New York Times. April 3, 2003; "ChevronTexaco Agrees to Restructure Dynegy Debt." New York Times. July 16, 2003; "Dynegy to Sell Debt in Private Placement." New York Times. October 1, 2003.
^ "Dynegy to Sell Illinois Power to Exelon." New York Times. November 4, 2003; "Ameren Agrees to Buy Illinois Utility From Dynegy." New York Times. February 4, 2004.
^ "Dynegy Allowed to Quit Contract." New York Times. January 18, 2003; "Dynegy and Southern Agree to Nullify Three Contracts." New York Times. April 24, 2003; "Dynegy Buys Out Electricity Contract." New York Times. January 6, 2004; "Dynegy Exits 4 Natural Gas Transportation Contracts." New York Times. July 15, 2004.
^ "Company Briefs." New York Times. March 25, 2004.
^ "Dynegy to Buy Exelon Unit for $135 Million." New York Times. November 3, 2004.
^ "Dynegy Must Spend $321 Million to Cut Emissions." New York Times. March 8, 2005.
^ "Dynegy Sets $2.3 Billion Merger." New York Times. September 15, 2006.
^ a b "Dynegy in $1.5 Billion Deal to Sell 8 Electricity Plants." Retuers. August 10, 2009.
^ "Chevron Plans Offering of Dynegy Stake." New York Times. May 22, 2007.
^ "Chevron's Profit Rises 24%, With Help From Its Refineries." Reuters. July 28, 2007.
^ "Dynegy and LS Power to Undo Joint Venture." New York Times. August 10, 2009.
^ Berringer, Felicity and Hakim, Danny. "New York Subpoenas 5 Energy Companies." New York Times. September 16, 2007.
^ "Dynegy to Warn Investors on Risks of Coal Burning." Associated Press. October 24, 2008.
^ Freifeld, Karen. "Dynegy Required to Disclose Climate Change Risks." Bloomberg Business News. October 23, 2008. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Blackstone, NRG To Carve Up Dynegy." Wall Street Journal. August 13, 2010, accessed 2012-07-06; de la Merced, Michael J. "Blackstone to Pay $4.7 Billion for Dynegy." New York Times. August 13, 2010, accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Seneca Seeks Proxy Fight at Dynegy." New York Times. November 11, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Kaplan, Thomas. "Icahn Raises His Stake In Dynegy to 12.9%." New York Times. November 13, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "DealBook Online." New York Times. November 12, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Blackstone Raises Offer For Dynegy." New York Times. November 17, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Blackstone Raises Its Offer for Dynegy." New York Times. November 16, 2010. Accessed 2012-07.06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Dynegy Postpones Vote on Blackstone Takeover Bid." New York Times. November 17, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Davidoff, Steven M. "Unusual Tactic." New York Times. November 19, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-6.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Ending Blackstone Talks, Dynegy Seeks New Buyer." New York Times. November 24, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Icahn Bids for Dynegy, After an Offer From Blackstone Is Rejected." New York Times. December 16, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "No Fresh Bidders for Dynegy." New York Times. January 25, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Ahmed, Azam. "Icahn Extends Offer Period for Dynegy." New York Times. January 26, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Seneca Pre-Emptively Rejects Dynegy Offer at $6 a Share." New York Times. January 26, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Dynegy Pleads With Shareholders to Take Icahn Deal." New York Times. February 11, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Ahmed, Azam. "Icahn Extends Dynegy Offer, Again." New York Times. February 14, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dynegy's Top Executives to Resign in Wake of Failed Deals." New York Times. February 21, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Roose, Kevin. "Dynegy Settles With Creditors." New York Times. April 4, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b de la Merced, Michael. "Hurt by Debt, Dynegy Says Bankruptcy Is a Possibility." New York Times. March 9, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dodgers, Dynegy, MF Global, Syms and Filene's: Bankruptcy." Bloomberg Business News. November 14, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Lubben, Stephen J. "What's Behind Dynegy's Unusual Bankruptcy." New York Times. November 8, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Steffy, Loren and Pickrell, Emily. "Dynegy Joins Subsidiary in Bankruptcy." Houston Chronicle. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ a b Checkler, Joseph and Stilwell, Victoria. "Dynegy Joins Subsidiary in Chapter 11, Sets Merger." Wall Street Journal. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Dynegy Hires Restructuring Advisers." New York Times. April 13, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Lubben, Stephen J. "Examiner Rules Dynegy Asset Transfer Was Fraudulent." New York Times. March 10, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Trustee Sought for Dynegy Bankruptcy." New York Times. March 12, 2012, accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dynegy Files for Bankruptcy Protection." Associated Press. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Ahmed, Azam. "Dynegy Files for Bankruptcy as Part of Settlement." New York Times. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Benoit, David. "Dynegy Files for Bankruptcy in Final Blow to Shareholders." Wall Street Journal. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ Crooks, Ed. "Embattled Dynegy files for Chapter 11." Financial Times. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ Chaudhuri, Saabira. "Dynegy Q2 Loss Widens On Coal-Segment Charge." Marketwatch.com. August 3, 2012. Accessed 2012-08-11.
^ a b Butler, Kelsey "Dynegy Holdings Plan Confirmed." Deal Pipeline. September 5, 2012.
^ Powers, Mary. "Dynegy Auctioning Two New York Power Plants Worth 1,693 MW." Platts. September 25, 2012. Accessed 2012-10-17.
^ Goldberg, Laura. "Dynegy Emerges From Bankruptcy, Stock to Return to Market." Houston Chronicle." October 2, 2012. Accessed 2012-10-17.
^ "Freedom Stations Get the Go-Ahead." Chico News-Review. November 15, 2012.
^ Daugherty, Deon. "Dynegy COO Kevin Howell Resigns." Houston Business Journal. January 8, 2013.
^ Pythress, Katherine. "Implosion Reduces Power Plant to Scrap Heap." San Diego Union-Tribune. February 3, 2013.
^ Wolf, Craig. "Dynegy Workers on Strike in Newburgh." Poughkeepsie Journal. November 9, 2012.
^ Bradshaw, Sarah. "Union Workers and Schools Left in Lurch by Dynegy." Poughkeepsie Journal. December 1, 2012.
^ a b Gruen, Abby. "Dynegy Sells Roseton, Danskammer Plants in New York." SNL Energy M&A Review. January 1, 2013.
^ Prezioso, Jeanine and DiSavino, Scott. "Castleton Acquires N.Y. Power Plant From Dynegy." Reuters Hedgeworld. May 1, 2013.
^ Poszywak, Amy. "Dynegy Asks Bankruptcy Court to Force Power Plant Sale Along." SNL Power Daily with Market Report. May 30, 2013.
^ Butler, Kelsey. "Judge Approves Dynegy Plant Sale." The Deal Pipeline. September 3, 2013.
^ Barr, Diana. "Ameren to Sell Merchant Generation Unit to Dynegy." St. Louis Business Journal. March 14, 2013. Accessed 2013-03-21.
^ a b Boshart, Glen. "Dynegy Bid to Buy Ameren's Merchant Plants Makes Its Way to FERC." SNL Power Daily with Market Report. April 18, 2013.
^ a b Yeagle, Patrick. "Shell Game." Illinois Times. September 19, 2013.
^ "Dynegy to Launch Debt Package." Project Finance. April 2013; Gruen, Abby. "Dynegy's $1.8B Refi Will Remake Capital Structure." SNL Electric Utility Report. April 8, 2013.
^ Daugherty, Deon. "Dynegy Closes $1.3B Term Loan Facilities." Houston Business Journal. April 23, 2013.
^ Eaton, Collin. "Dynegy Pays Off Term Loan With $500M in Senior Notes." Houston Business Journal. May 21, 2013.
^ Boshart, Glen. "Dynegy's Bid to Buy Ameren's Merchant Plants Gets Bogged Down at FERC." SNL Power Daily with Market Report. July 29, 2013.
^ McMahon, Bobby. "Sierra Club Seeks More Information on Ameren Deal, Raising Concerns About Local Impacts." Inside F.E.R.C. August 26, 2013.
^ Ryan, Molly. "Dynegy Hits a Roadblock in Ameren Acquisition." Houston Business Journal. June 7, 2013.
^ "Dynegy Seeks Pollution Waiver in Ameren Purchase." Associated Press. July 24, 2013.
^ a b Tomich, Jeffrey. "Pollution Waiver May Decide Fate of Illinois Coal Plants." St. Louis Post-Dispatch. September 13, 2013.
^ a b Finke, Doug. "Pollution Board Weighs Delay For Ameren Plants." Kewanee Star-Courier. September 18, 2013.
^ a b "AFL-CIO Pushes For Waiver For Illinois Plants." Associated Press. September 17, 2013.
^ "Dynegy Rejects Foresight Energy's Plan." St. Louis Business Journal. September 19, 2013.
^ a b c Wernau, Julie. "Power Play for Ill. Coal." Chicago Tribune. September 22, 2013.
^ Rebecca Smith (22 August 2014). "Dynegy to Nearly Double Capacity With $6.25 Billion in Deals". WSJ. 
^ "Acquisitions power Dynegy back into top tier of generators". Houston Chronicle. 


External links[edit]

Dynegy corporate website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dynegy&oldid=788849392"					
Categories: Power companies of the United StatesNatural gas companies of the United StatesCompanies based in HoustonCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisNorsk bokmål 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 3 July 2017, at 21:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Dynegy - Wikipedia






















 






Dynegy

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Dynegy Inc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Dynegy Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DYN


Industry
Energy (Electrical power industry)


Founded
1984


Headquarters
Houston, Texas, United States



Area served

USA (6 states)[1]



Key people

Thomas W. Elward, interim chairman;
Robert C. Flexon, interim chief executive officer;
Kevin Howell, executive vice president and chief operating officer;
Clint Freeland, executive vice president and chief financial officer[2]


Products
Natural Gas (discontinued after 2005);[3]
Electricity generation



Number of employees

1,262 (as of December 31, 2011; 274 at corporate headquarters and 988 at facilities)[4]


Website
www.dynegy.com






601 Travis houses the headquarters of Dynegy


Dynegy Inc. is an electric company based in Houston, Texas, in the United States. It owns and operates a number of power stations in the U.S., all of which are natural gas-fueled or coal-fueled. The company is located at 601 Travis Street in Downtown Houston.[5] The company was founded in 1984 as Natural Gas Clearinghouse. It was originally an energy brokerage, buying and selling natural gas supplies. It changed its name to NGC Corporation in 1995 after entering the electrical power generation business.
The company adopted the name Dynegy in 1998. It attempted to buy the Enron energy trading firm in 2001, but disengaged from the proposed acquisition due to the scandal at Enron. Dynegy nearly went bankrupt in 2002, and several executives were eventually convicted of financial fraud and mismanagement. Dynegy exited the energy trading business in 2002 and the natural gas supply business in 2005, focusing its efforts on electrical generation. The company has one major subsidiary, Dynegy Holdings. It also has three operating subsidiaries: GasCo, CoalCo, and the "stub group" (for other miscellaneous business enterprises).
Dynegy Inc. was the subject of two unsuccessful takeover efforts in 2010. Its Dynegy Holdings subsidiary went bankrupt in November 2011, and Dynegy Inc. itself filed for bankruptcy protection on July 6, 2012. Its GasCo and CoalCo subsidiaries were unaffected by the bankruptcy filing. Dynegy emerged from bankruptcy on October 2, 2012.



Contents


1 Corporate predecessors

1.1 Natural Gas Clearinghouse
1.2 NGC Corporation


2 Dynegy history

2.1 Growth
2.2 Near-bankruptcy of 2002
2.3 Recovery and restructuring
2.4 Takeover battles


3 2012 bankruptcy
4 Post-bankruptcy

4.1 Roseton and Danskammer sales
4.2 Ameren purchase
4.3 2014 acquisitions


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



Corporate predecessors[edit]




Transco Tower (now known as Williams Tower) in Houston, the original headquarters of Dynegy in 1984.


Natural Gas Clearinghouse[edit]
Natural Gas Clearinghouse (NGC) was created in 1985 by Charles Watson;[6] a consortium of natural gas pipeline companies that included Transco; investment bank Morgan Stanley; and the legal firm of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld. A major investor was Kenneth Lay, later the chief executive officer of the energy firm Enron.[7] Its first headquarters was on the 40th floor of the Transco Tower in Houston, Texas.[8] NGC was so successful that in 1985 Morgan Stanley bought out some of the other investors and took a majority stake in the company.[7]
NGC was purchased by Noble Affiliates, Inc. and Apache Corporation, independent oil and gas exploration and production companies, for a reported $50 million in 1989.[9] In 1993, LG&E Energy Corporation took a stake in NGC, which by then was the largest independent natural gas marketing firm in the United States and had revenues of more than US$2 billion.[10] NGC purchased Trident NGL in 1994 in a deal worth more than $750 million.[11] That same year, it also established a partnership with Nova (also known as Novagas Clearinghouse, a natural gas marketing company based in Canada) and British Gas, which gave both companies a financial stake in NGC.[12]
NGC Corporation[edit]
Natural Gas Clearinghouse shortened its name to NGC Corporation in 1995 after its merger with Trident NGL closed. It became a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange that same year.[13] By 1996, it had grown to US$550 million in assets, and carried US$525 million in long-term debt.[14] NGC Corporation also established several subsidiaries to enable it to enter the electrical generation, marketing, and sales areas. Electric Clearinghouse sold electricity, and the Energy Store marketed it. In August 1996, it purchased the natural gas gathering, marketing, and processing operations of Chevron Corporation.[15] The latter deal gave Chevron a 29 percent stake in NGC.[16] NGC followed that deal by buying Destec Energy for US$1.27 billion. The deal required NGC Corporation to sell Destec's power generation subsidiaries in Australia, Canada, the Dominican Republic, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom for US$407 million, although NGC Corporation retained Destec's 20 domestic gas-fired power plants.[15]
Dynegy history[edit]
Growth[edit]
In June 1998, NGC Corporation changed its name to Dynegy, Inc. The company's original slogan was "We believe in people."[17] Nova announced two months later that it was seeking to sell its stake in Dynegy.[18] Dynegy bought Illinova Corporation in 1999 in a deal worth US$1.75 billion and the assumption of US$2.25 billion of Illinova Corp. debt. The deal also allowed Nova and British Gas to sell their stake in Dynegy.[16]
Dynegy also began branching into areas outside natural gas and electrical generation. In August 2000, the company announced that it had purchased Extant Inc., a broadband provider building a nationwide fiber optic network, for US$152.5 million.[19]
Dynegy, along with Enron, El Paso Corporation, Reliant Energy, and several other energy companies, was accused of price manipulation and other fraudulent practices during the California electricity crisis in 2000 and 2001.[20] The case against Dynegy was dismissed in 2003.[21]
In 2001, Dynegy made a white knight US$8 billion takeover bid for Enron, which was saddled with $13 billion in debt and whose stock had plummeted.[22] The deal began unraveling two weeks later as Enron revealed even larger financial losses and more debt than previously reported.[23] Dynegy withdrew its merger offer on November 28.[24] Enron sued Dynegy on December 2, the day after Enron declared bankruptcy.[25] (The lawsuit was settled in August 2002 after Dynegy agreed to pay Enron US$25 million for backing out of the deal.)[26] Enron attempted to sell off assets in an effort to stay afloat. On January 3, 2002, Dynegy successfully acquired Enron's Northern Natural Gas Company pipeline.[27] NNGC was Enron's most lucrative pipeline asset and had been put up as collateral in return for Dynegy providing financing to Enron during merger talks.[28]
Near-bankruptcy of 2002[edit]




Wells Fargo Plaza in Houston, the headquarters of Dynegy as of 2011. The company moved out in 2012.


Dynegy came close to bankruptcy in 2002. Investor pressure on energy stocks in the wake of the Enron collapse pushed Dynegy's stock price down 42 percent by late April. The company also admitted on April 26 that it made a large accounting error on a fuel contract, which further depressed the stock price 22 percent. Moody's Investors Service announced it was reviewing all US$4 billion of Dynegy debt.[29] In financial distress, Dynegy successfully applied for a US$900 million line of credit.[30] On May 1, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission opened a formal investigation into how Dynegy's "Project Alpha", an internal corporate initiative that allegedly inflated income from natural gas transactions and illegally structured business partnerships to avoid income.[31] Two weeks later, the New York Times reported that Dynegy's Illinova subsidiary was part of the investigation. Illinova had formed a joint partnership named Catlin in January 2000 with a little-known investment company named Black Thunder. Catlin took over some of Illinova's electrical generating assets. Although Black Thunder put up almost 90 percent of the money to form Catlin, Dynegy was required to buy out Black Thunder's investment or sell off the assets if Catlin did not earn a specified high rate of return.[32] On May 28, Dynegy founder, president, and chief executive officer Charles Watson resigned.[33] Dynegy Inc. chairman Dan Dienstbier was named interim CEO.[34] In mid-June, Dynegy reported that its first quarter income had fallen 80 percent. It also admitted that it had signed long-term power contracts that would not produce revenue for years to come. But it had charged the income to the current year's revenues in an attempt to bolster its bottom line.[35] On June 19, Dynegy's chief financial office, Rob Doty, resigned.[36] The following day, Dynegy shut down its online energy trading system.[37]
Dynegy was quickly approaching bankruptcy by late June 2002. On June 25, the company announced it would sell off assets in an attempt to raise US$2 billion in cash.[38] Moody's downgraded the rating of the company's bonds to "junk" status on June 28.[39] Dynegy announced it might need a financial partner to help it stabilize. After the July 23 announcement, the company's shares dropped 64 percent.[34] Desperate for cash, Dynegy sold the Northern Natural Gas Company to MidAmerican Energy Holdings for $928 million on July 29 ($572 less than it paid for it).[40] The sale saved Dynegy from bankruptcy.[41]
Although Dynegy avoided bankruptcy, the fallout from the company's accounting practices continued throughout 2002. In August, former Dynegy controller and chief accounting officer Bradley P. Farnsworth sued the company, saying he'd been fired after refusing to help manipulate the company's financial statements in the summer of 2000.[42] The company suspended its dividend on August 12.[43] On September 3, interim chairman Glenn F. Tilton resigned in order to become chief executive officer of United Airlines.[44] On September 24, Dynegy announced that it had agreed to pay a US$3 million fine for using the Catlin company and other business partnerships to hide losses and taxable income. It also admitted that it had engaged in "round-trip" trades, phony natural gas and electricity trades designed to mislead investors and other companies about the success of Dynegy's online trading operation.[45] The company later fired five traders after the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) discovered that Dynegy energy traders had supplied false prices to industry trade publications.[46] The company later paid a US$5 million fine to the CFTC.[47] Still needing cash, Dynegy sold its Hornsea natural gas storage site in the United Kingdom to help pay the fine.[48]
Dynegy shuttered its online energy trading business for good on October 16, 2002.[49] The closure led Dynegy to lay off 14 percent of its workforce, which left it with just 4,600 employees.[50]
Several Dynegy executives were later convicted or indicted for their roles in Dynegy's near-collapse. In June 2003, Jamie Olis (former Senior Director of Tax Planning), Gene Foster (former Vice President for Taxation), and Helen Sharkey (a former employee in Dynegy's risk control and deal structure groups), were indicted on numerous counts of mail and wire fraud. According to court documents, the three employees conceived of a plan in early 2001 to borrow money but make it look like operational revenue. A corporation known as ABG Gas Supply was created. ABG secured loans from Citigroup, Credit Suisse First Boston, and Deutsche Bank to buy natural gas at market prices. ABG then sold this gas at a discount to Dynegy, which resold it at market prices and booked a $300 million profit. ABG then bought natural gas at market prices, and sold it at a premium to Dynegy. The profits ABG booked were then used to repay the loans. Prosecutors accused Olis, Foster, and Sharkey of deceiving auditors, regulators, and other company executives regarding the transactions.[51] Foster and Sharkey plead guilty two months later.[52] Olis was found guilty in March 2004, and sentenced to 24 years in prison.[53] (A year later, after a U.S. Supreme Court ruling in a different case held that mandatory sentencing guidelines violated the Constitution, Olis' sentence was reduced to just six years in prison.)[54] In December 2003, three former executives at Nicor Energy LLC (a joint venture of Dynegy and Nicor), were indicted for illegally manipulating that firm's income by US$11 million in 2001 to hide losses.[55] Former chief financial officer Robert Doty agreed to pay a $376,650 fine in October 2007 for his role in helping to conceal the ABG Gas Supply scheme.[56]
Shareholders, too, were unhappy with Dynegy's actions during the financial crisis. A class action lawsuit was filed against the company in 2002. In April 2005, Dynegy agreed to settle the lawsuit. Shareholders would be paid a total of US$468 million. To come up with the money, Dynegy paid out $250 million in cash and issued $68 million in stock to the plaintiffs. Its insurance companies paid another $150 million to the plaintiffs.[57]
Recovery and restructuring[edit]
On October 23, 2002, Dynegy hired Bruce Williamson, a former Duke Energy executive, as its chief executive officer.[58] Six weeks later, Dynegy hired Nick J. Caruso, a former chief financial officer at Royal Dutch Shell, as its new chief financial officer.[59]
Williamson began a program of cost cutting, elimination of unprofitable businesses, and financial restructuring. As Williamson later told the New York Times in June 2005, "We had businesses in trading, in marketing, in broadband communications, in Europe, in communications as far as China. What we have done is very systematically sell those off, shut down offices and concentrate on the two businesses that looked like we had a competitive advantage."[60] Dynegy sold its telecommunications business in Europe in January 2003,[61] restated its income for 2001 and 2002,[62] sold a natural gas terminal in Louisiana,[63] sold its telecommunications business in North America in April 2003,[64] engaged in a US$1.6 billion refinancing and other restructuring of its debt,[65] sold its Illinois Power Company subsidiary to Ameren,[66] and nullified a number of contracts in non-core or money-losing areas.[67] In March 2004, Wiliamson was named chairman of the company, succeeding Dan Dienstbier (who retired).[68]
Dynegy undertook a strategy to move into coal-fired and hydroelectric electrical generation in 2004, and out of natural gas distribution and trading. In November 2004, the company acquired four natural gas-fired and four hydroelectric power generation plants in the Northeast United States.[69] In March 2005, it agreed to settle a 1999 dispute with the Environmental Protection Agency by spending US$321 million to repair and upgrade coal-fired generating plants in Illinois to reduce pollutants.[70] In mid-2005, Dynegy hired Credit Suisse First Boston to assist it in finding a buyer for its natural gas transmission businesses.[60] The sale of this business came quickly: In August 2005, Dynegy sold this business to Targa Resources, a company owned by private equity firm Warburg Pincus.[3]
In September 2006, Dynegy and LS Power Group agreed to a joint venture in a deal worth US$2.3 billion. Under the terms of the agreemnent, Dynegy gave LS Power a 40 percent stake in Dynegy itself while LS Power contributed 10 of its power plants.[71] Dynegy also agreed to create a 245 million new Class B shares, which it turned over to LS Power.[72] In May 2007, ChevronTexaco announced it was selling its 12 percent stake in Dynegy to the public.[73] The sale netted ChevronTexaco US$680 million by July.[74] The joint venture did not last, however. In August 2009, LS Power agreed to buy nine electrical generating plants from Dynegy for US$1.025 billion in cash in order to dissolve the joint venture.[75] Part of the reason for the joint venture's demise was another collapse in Dynegy's share price. Dynegy's shares fell 80 percent in the two years after the deal closed, and the company posted a large $345 million loss in the second quarter of 2009. LS Power also agreed to return all its Class B shares, so that Dynegy would only have 95 million shares of common stock outstanding. The dissolution of the joint venture left LS Power with a 15 percent stake in Dynegy.[72]
Dynegy's move into coal-powered electrical generation was not without controversy. In September 2007, New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo sued Dynegy and other utilities, arguing that the companies were not properly accounting for the financial risks that pollutants from coal-fired generating plants created.[76] After a year of negotiations and legal maneuvering, Dynegy agreed to issue statements to its current and future investors warning that government regulation of carbon emissions and lawsuits over pollution could pose financial risks to the company.[77] Its move into coal-fired electrical generation led the National Environmental Trust, an environmental group, to derisively call Dynegy the "king of coal" in 2008.[78]
Takeover battles[edit]
On August 13, 2010, the Blackstone Group announced plans to purchase Dynegy for US$4.7 billion. As part of the deal, NRG Energy would acquire four natural gas plants in California and Maine for US$1.36 Billion.[79] Seneca Capital, Dynegy's largest shareholder, fought the purchase in a proxy fight.[80] Dynegy investor Carl Icahn also promised a proxy battle, arguing that Blackstone Group's offer was too low. Icahn raised his stake in Dynegy to 12.9 percent in preparation for the shareholder fight.[81] Seneca Capital nominated former railroad executive E. Hunter Harrison and former energy company executive Jeff D. Hunter for the Dynegy board of directors, challenging Bruce Williamson and David Biegler (a Williamson ally).[82]
A series of maneuvers followed. Dynegy executives said the offer was a good one, as the deal would give Dynegy access to lines of credit which would enable it to refinance and restructure its debt. With energy prices at cyclical lows, the company said it lacked the resources to do so and that its debt burden was destabilizing. Blackstone Group initially said it would not offer more than US$4.50 per share,[83] but then revised its offer later that day to US$5.00 a share.[84] Worried that it did not have enough shareholder support to accept the Blackstone Group offer, Dynegy proposed postponing its shareholder meeting a few days to November 23,[85] but postponement did not occur. Legal counsel advised that Delaware law (under which Dynegy was incorporated) considered a postponement a new meeting, and that would require notifying shareholders (again) and giving at least 20 days' notice. Furthermore, Dynegy's proxy rules did not make it clear that a proxy remained in effect in the event of a postponement (which could lead to lawsuits). Legal counsel also believed that Dynegy management would be forced refile resolution with shareholders and resolicit votes, which would delay a meeting until early 2011.[86] During the shareholder meeting, management's fears proved accurate. On November 19, Dynegy was forced to recess its shareholder meeting in an attempt to garner more support for the Blackstone bid. (Dynegy was unable to adjourn the meeting because its bylaws did not clearly provide for adjournment to another date, and because it was unclear that adjournment could occur without a shareholder vote—a vote the board felt it would lose.)[86] During the four-day recess, Dynegy executives said the company would continue to solicit a takeover even if the Blackstone Group bid failed. On November 23, 2010, Dynegy management and Blackstone agreed to call off the takeover after it became clear there was not enough support for the US$5.00 a share bid.[87]
On December 15, 2010, Icahn offered a US$5.50 a share cash bid for Dynegy.[88] Dynegy's board asked for other bids, but none emerged.[89] But Icahn, too, found little support among shareholders. He extended his offer by two weeks on January 25, 2011.[90] That same day, Seneca Capital said it would not even entertain a US$6.00 a share bid.[91] Dynegy's board urged shareholders to accept the Icahn bid, or risk bankruptcy.[92] But by mid-February, even those investors willing to accept the Icahn bid had rescinded these offers. Icahn extended his offer by few days.[93] The Icahn bid, too, collapsed.
On February 20, 2011, Bruce Williamson resigned as Dynegy's chairman, and announced he would step down as chief executive officer on March 11. Chief financial officer Holli C. Nichols also said she would resign as chief financial officer on March 11 as well. Board member Thomas W. Elward was named interim chairman, and Robert C. Flexon was appointed interim president and chief executive officer.[94][95] Harrison was elected to the board of directors. Also elected to the board were Vincent J. Intrieri, Senior Managing Director of Icahn Capital, and Samuel J. Merksamer, an investment analyst for Icahn Capital.[96]
2012 bankruptcy[edit]
The takeover bids all came after one of Dynegy's largest subsidiaries filed for bankruptcy. On November 7, 2011 Dynegy Holdings, the largest of Dynegy Inc.'s four subsidiaries, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.[97]
The bankruptcy was a novel one. Dynegy had structured itself so that Dynegy Inc. (the holding company) had little debt. Nearly all the debt was held by its subsidiary, Dynegy Holdings, which also guaranteed debt for the operating divisions. Dynegy Inc. created three operating divisions: the natural gas group (GasCo), the coal group (CoalCo), and a group for all other businesses (known as "the stub group"). GasCo and CoalCo were structured so that they would be little affected by any bankruptcy filing by either Dynegy Inc. or Dynegy Holdings. Part of the structure meant that few of the natural GasCo's and CoalCo's dividends were given to Dynegy Holdings. To separate Dynegy Holdings from Dynegy Inc., Dynegy Holdings was transformed from a corporation into a limited liability company (LLC). This legal maneuver took advantage of a Delaware Supreme Court ruling which made it difficult for creditors to sue an LLC's board of directors for failing to uphold their fiduciary duty. Finally, GasCo and CoalCo sold themselves to Dynegy Inc., which left Dynegy Holdings holding US$1.25 billion in debt but without the ability to seize the assets of GasCo and CoalCo in the event of a default. Under the structure adopted by Dynegy Inc., the company could meet its debt obligations to Dynegy Holdings by paying cash or by forgiving debt. This provided an incentive for Dynegy Inc. to withhold payment and force Dynegy Holdings to declare bankruptcy (thereby reducing the value of the debt and making it easier to pay off).[98]
The restructuring plan put Dynegy's assets which had the worst financial performance into the hands of Dynegy Holdings.[99] The goal was to protect Dynegy's secured creditors at the expense of its unsecured creditors. The plan had already generated one lawsuit. In 2011, U.S. Bancorp, representing bondholders whose investment was secured by leases of two Dynegy power plants new Newburgh, New York (the Danskammer Generating Station and the Roseton Generating Station).[100]
On March 8, 2011, Dynegy submitted financial filings with government regulators warning investors that it faced bankruptcy if it could not restructure its debt.[96] The company announced a month later that it had hired the restructuring firm Lazard and the law firm White & Case to advise it on debt restructuring. Vincent Intrieri was named chair of the boards finance and restructuring committee.[101]
On March 9, 2012, the November 2011 bankruptcy of Dynegy Holdings ran into difficulty. An examiner appointed by the United States bankruptcy court found that the Dynegy Inc.'s purchase of CoalCo was fraudulent. The examiner found that Dynegy Holdings was already bankrupt at the time the sale took place, and therefore constituted a breach of fiduciary duty by the Dynegy Holdings board of directors. This allowed the Dynegy Holdings board of directors to sue the Dynegy Inc. board of directors for damages (which could run into the billions of dollars). This threw the Dynegy Holdings bankrutpcy filing into doubt, and put Dynegy Inc. on the hook for billions in debt.[102] The bankruptcy court trustee said she would sue on behalf of Dynegy Holdings to recover these debts.[103]
The bankruptcy court examiner's finding quickly led to the bankruptcy of Dynegy Inc. itself. On April 3, 2012, Dynegy Inc. announced that it had reached an agreement with the U.S. bankruptcy trustee, the board of directors of Dynegy Holdings, and its other creditors. The agreement, which affected US$2.25 billion in debt, gave all creditors 99 percent of the stock of Dynegy Inc. once it emerged from bankruptcy. Existing shareholders would get just 1 percent of the stock in the new company, with warrants enabling them to buy up to 13.5 of common stock at a set price over the next five years.[95] Accordingly, Dynegy Inc. filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on July 5, 2012.[104] The bankrutpcy plan filed by Dynegy Inc. also called for a merger with Dynegy Holdings. The bankruptcy filing did not, however, affect GasCo, CoalCo, or the "stub group", and allowed the Dynegy Holdings bankruptcy to proceed.[105] Dynegy's stock was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange following the bankruptcy filing.[106] U.S. Bancorp agreed to drop its lawsuit against the company in exchange for a $540 million claim against the company in bankruptcy court. The bondholders represented by U.S. Bancorp would also get a further US$31 million if the Danskammer and Roseton plants are sold.[100]
As part of its bankruptcy filing, Dynegy moved its corporate headquarters. In November 2011, the company signed a lease for new principal offices in an office building at 601 Travis Street in Houston. (It occupied these quarters early July 2012.) Dynegy continued to hold leases on several floors of the Wells Fargo Plaza, however. As part of its bankruptcy filing, the bankruptcy court approved a new lease in which Dynegy would abandon 130,000 square feet (12,000 m2) of space at Wells Fargo Plaza. The company asked the court to cancel its lease on the remaining 50,000 square feet (4,600 m2) as well.[5]
Dynegy said it hoped to hold a vote on August 24, at which time its creditors would approve the bankruptcy plan. A court hearing on the creditor-approved bankruptcy plan would then be held September 5, after which the company said it would emerge from bankruptcy protection.[107]
Dynegy Inc. posted a second-quarter 2012 loss of $1.06 billion, an increase to $8.65 per share from 95 cents per share a year ago. The company blamed, among other things, markedly lower demand for its electricity, much lower prices for its coal, and a $941 million noncash loss caused by the transfer of its coal unit to Dynegy Holdings. The company also said it now hoped to emerge from bankruptcy in September 2012.[108]
Dynegy agreed to auction off its Roseton and Danskammer energy plants in New York state in order to emerge from bankruptcy. Dynegy had signed a sale-leaseback agreement in 2001 with Public Services Enterprise Group for the Roseton and Danskammer facilities. Fifty percent of the proceeds from the auction would be used to pay bondholders (up to $571 million), while the remaining 50 percent would be used to pay unsecured creditors.[109] The unsecured creditors would get $200 million in cash.[110] Unsecured creditors also would receive 99 percent of Dynegy's new stock, with the company retaining the rest (with warrants to purchase 13.5 percent of the stock after five years). Dynegy also agreed to pay holders of $206 million in subordinated capital income securities just $55 million in principal and $16 million in interest to settle their claims. The bankruptcy agreement also settled claims between Dynegy Holdings and Dynegy, Inc.[109]
Dynegy emerged from bankruptcy on October 2, 2012, and its shares began trading on October 3 under the "DYN" symbol.[111]
Post-bankruptcy[edit]
On November 5, 2012, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission settled a decade-old lawsuit which alleged that Dynegy had manipulated the California energy market. While the lawsuit continued, Dynegy sold its California subsidiary to NRG Energy, Inc. NRG Energy subsequently agreed to pay $20 million in refunds to consumers as well as spend more than $100 million to install 200 public fast-charging electric vehicle stations and 10,000 plug-in stations throughout California. Twenty percent of the stations were required to be in low-income neighborhoods.[112]
On January 4, 2013, Dynegy's Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Howell, resigned. Howell continued as a consultant to the company, and agreed to stay on until a successor was named in order to provide an orderly transition.[113]
On February 2, 2013, Dynegy's South Bay Power Plant in San Diego, California, was imploded. The demolition of the 165-foot (50 m) smokestacks of the outmoded plant was watched by more than 1,000 people.[114]
Roseton and Danskammer sales[edit]
The sale of the Roseton and Danskammer plants—a condition of Dynegy's emergence from bankruptcy—proceeded slowly. On November 8, 2012, members of International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) Local 320 struck the Roseton and Danskammer plants after a contract extension expired and Dynegy continued to seek cuts in retirement benefits.[115] Dynegy's bankruptcy also left $17 million in unpaid property taxes in Dutchess County, New York. This created a budget crisis in the county which threatened to close local schools and create severe cutbacks in county services.[116] On December 10, 2012, Dynegy announced it would sell the Roseton plant to Louis Dreyfus Highbridge Energy for $19.5 million in cash.[117] The sale closed on April 30, 2013.[118]
The Danskammer plant sale was far more troubled. The plant was heavily damaged by Hurricane Sandy in October 2012, rendering it inoperable. On December 10, Dynegy said that ICS NY Holdings would buy the plant for $3.5 million and demolish it.[117] But the ICS sale stalled. Under the terms of the auction, ICS NY had to replace or find a substitute for its credit support agreement, and pay its portion of the plant's outstanding property taxes. But, Dynegy said, the company never did either. ICS defended itself, saying it was making every economically feasible effort to replace the credit agreement. On May 25, 2013, Dynegy filed suit with the bankruptcy court to force ICA to fulfill its obligations.[119] The court imposed a July 31 deadline for ICS to close the sale, but it did not meet the deadline. Dynegy subsequently sought another buyer. Helios Power Capital, a private equity firm, agreed to purchase the plant for $3.5 million in cash on August 20. The court approved the sale on September 2.[120]
Ameren purchase[edit]
In mid-March 2013, Dynegy purchased three electric generating subsidiaries of Ameren, an Illinois power company. The deal, worth $900 million, involved Ameren's Ameren Energy Generating Co. (Genco); Genco's controlling interest in Electric Energy Inc.; AmerenEnergy Resources Generating Co.; and Ameren Energy Marketing Co. Dynegy formed a subsidiary, Illinois Power Holdings (IPH), to purchase the Ameren subsidiaries. No cash changed hands; rather, IPH agreed to assume $825 million in debt owed by Genco and the other subsidiaries. Ameren also transferred about $180 million in tax benefits the three subsidiaries would have received in 2015. Ameren retained Genco's inactive Hutsonville and Meredosia plants, and agreed to buy back from IPH for $133 million three natural gas electrical generating plants. Dynegy agreed to honor the union collective bargaining agreements in force at all plants.[121] Under the deal, Dynegy acquired five coal-fired generating plants: Coffeen in Coffeen, Illinois; Duck Creek in Canton, Illinois; E.D. Edwards in Bartonville, Illinois; Joppa in Joppa, Illinois; and Newton in Newton, Illinois.[122][123]
As the deal worked its way through state and federal regulatory approval, Dynegy took advantage of low interest rates and refinanced its debt. The company obtained $1.3 billion in term loan B facilities and $500 million in revolving credit. The company used this income to retire an $800 million, seven-year line of credit and a $500 million, two-year line of credit. Dynegy agreed that the revolving credit line would be paid off and terminate within five years.[124] Two syndicated loans made up the $1.3 billion loan package. The $800 million loan and the $500 million loan were both due in 2020.[125] This left Dynegy with $1.28 billion in lines of credit and $500 million in outstanding bonds.[126]
The Ameren plants-for-debt swap also ran into trouble. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) had to approve the deal and ensure that there was no negative impact on consumers from Dynegy's expanding market share in the Midwest. But on April 16, FERC said that the studies submitted by Dynegy and Ameren were inadequate, and it ordered the two firms to rerun the studies and report back to FERC by July 14.[122] On July 16, FERC again declined to approve or disapprove the Dynegy-Ameren deal. The agency said that it Dynegy's study showed it charging market rates for energy in the Midwest. But FERC said it worried that transmission bottlenecks in the area would permit Dynegy to charge much more. Furthermore, federal regulators were considering an expansion in the market area IPH could serve. FERC asked Dynegy to provide additional information on transmission limitations and market area expansion.[127] In August, the Sierra Club formally filed opposition to the Dynegy-Ameren deal. The environmental group said the transmission bottleneck issue gave Dynegy too much market power. It also argued that Dynegy and Ameren had submitted only regional market power data, and had not accounted for local impacts (which could be very severe).[128]
Another obstacle emerged on June 6. Ameren was required to install pollution-reducing equipment on its five coal-fired generating plants in 2015. But because Ameren was in financial difficulty, it sought and received a waiver from the state of Illinois granting it a five-year delay. Ameren sought to transfer this delay to Dynegy, so that Dynegy would not have to immediately install the devices until 2020, either. But the Illinois Pollution Control Board denied Ameren's request.[129] Dynegy filed its own request for a five-year waiver in July, and warned that the Ameren deal would fall apart if it did not receive the waiver. But the Sierra Club, the Environmental Law and Policy Center, and other environmental groups said Dynegy had the resources to install the equipment, and opposed a waiver.[130][131][132] ACM Partners, a financial firm hired by the Sierra Club, also argued that Dynegy purposefully left IPH significantly underfunded and unable to tap into the parent company's resources.[123] Dynegy disagreed, but the firm warned that if IPH went bankrupt, workers would lose pensions and local communities would have to pay for any environmental remediation.[131] The Illinois AFL-CIO, however, supported Dynegy's request on September 16, saying that local jobs depended on the waiver.[132][133] The pollution board said it would make a decision by November 2013.[133] Foresight Energy, a major Illinois coal mining company, said it would install the $500 million anti-pollution devices for free if Dynegy agreed to sign a long-term contract to accept coal only from Foresight Energy. Dynegy declined the offer (in part because it already has long-term coal contracts),[134][135] and environmental groups opposed it.[135]
There was some speculation by financial analysts that the Dynegy-Ameren deal was a poor one. Julien Dumoulin-Smith, executive director of UBS Investment Research, said Dynegy is far more likely to shutter all five coal-powered plants rather than add pollution control devices. Dumoulin-Smith pointed out that the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued final rules on sulfur dioxide emissions that go into effect in July 2018. Because the Edwards plant is in an area of low air quality, EPA is likely to force Dynegy to close the plant anyway. The remaining four plants are borderline cases with the exception of Duck Creek Station which spent nearly US$800m on sulfur dioxide removal, and may also be forced to close if EPA regulations tighten in the future (a highly likely possibility, he said).[135]
2014 acquisitions[edit]
On August 22, 2014, Dynegy announced a deal involving two interdependent transactions to be executed simultaneously.[136] Dynegy acquired Duke’s Midwest Generation assets and retail business for $2.8 billion in cash, and the power generating assets of EquiPower Resources for $3.45 billion, with $3.35 billion in cash and $100 million in stock. This increased the company's generating capacity from 13000 MW to nearly 26000 MW.[137]
See also[edit]


Houston portal
Companies portal
Energy portal



Coal power in the United States

References[edit]


^ "Dynegy Generation Facilities." Dynegy. 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dynegy: A Company Review." Dynegy. June 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Hem, Brad. "Targa Is a Youngster With a Precocious Streak. Houston Chronicle. May 17, 2007. Accessed 2012-07-06; "Big Energy Mergers in U.S. and Canada." Bloomberg Business News. August 3, 2005. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Dynegy Inc. Form 10-K. March 8, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Heschmeyer, Mark. "Dynegy Bails on 181,000-SF Houston Office Lease." CoStar Group News. July 11, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ NGC Corporation Changes Name to Dynegy Inc.
^ a b Fox, Loren. Enron: The Rise and Fall. New York: Wiley, 2003, p. 12.
^ Hershey, Jr., Robert D. "Scrambling for Profits in a Gas Glut." New York Times. December 30, 1984.
^ "Noble and Apache to Buy Marketer." New York Times. April 5, 1989.
^ Salpukas, Agis. "How a Staid Electric Company Becomes a Renegade." New York Times. December 12, 1993.
^ "Trident NGL Agrees to be Acquired in $337 Million Deal." New York Times. August 5, 1994.
^ Hoover's Gandbook of American Business 2008. Austin, Tex.: Hoovers, 2007, p. 301.
^ Hoover's Guide to the Top Texas Companies. Austin, Tex.: Reference Press, 1995, p. 122.
^ Standard & Poor's Stock Guide, April 1996.
^ a b Salpukas, Agis. "Growing Natural-Gas Seller to Expand Electric Business." New York Times. February 19, 1997.
^ a b "Two More Deals Further Consolidate the Nation's Utilities." New York Times. June 15, 1999.
^ Myerson, Allen R. "Focus on Electric Power — The Commodity." New York Times. August 23, 1998.
^ "Nova Plans to Sell Its 26% Stake in Dynegy." New York Times. August 25, 1998.
^ "Dynegy Is Acquiring Extant for $152.5 Million." New York Times. August 3, 2000.
^ "Duke and Williams Receive Subpoenas." New York Times. November 9, 2002; Oppel, Jr., Richard A. and Broder, John M. "Judge Rejects California Electricity Refund." New York Times. December 13, 2002.
^ "Court Cases Against Energy Companies Dismissed." New York Times. March 26, 2003.
^ Oppel, Jr., Richard A. and Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Dynegy Is Said to Be Near to Acquiring Enron for $8 Billion." New York Times. November 8, 2001.
^ Oppel, Jr., Richard A. "Enron's Growing Financial Crisis Raises Doubts About Merger Deal." New York Times. November 21, 2001.
^ Oppel, Jr., and Richard A. and Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Enron's Collapse: The Overview." New York Times. November 29, 2001; McGeehan, Patrick. "Assessing the Role of the Financiers." New York Times. December 2, 2001.
^ Norris, Floyd. "Looking for Judgment On a Shattered Deal." New York Times. December 3, 2001.
^ "Dynegy to Pay Enron a $25 Million Settlement." New York Times. August 16, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Get Enron's Natural Gas Pipeline." New York Times. January 4, 2002.
^ Glater, Jonathan D. "Enron Agrees to Transfer Prized Pipeline to Dynegy." New York Times. January 5, 2002.
^ Morgenson, Gretchen. "Economy Is Surging, but Wall St. Is Down in the Dumps." New York Times. April 27, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Gets $900 Million Credit Line." New York Times. May 1, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Says S.E.C. Seeks Gas Inquiry." New York Times. May 9, 2002.
^ Atlas, Riva D. "Dynegy Faces New Questions Over 'Debt' of Partnership." New York Times. May 14, 2002.
^ Banerjee, Neela. "Dynegy's Chief Quits as Unrest Is Reshaping Energy Industry." New York Times. May 29, 2002.
^ a b "Dynegy May Find a Partner to Stabilize Energy Trading." New York Times. July 24, 2002.
^ Banerjee, Neela. "Disclosing Long-Term Contracts, Dynegy Worries Some Investors." New York Times. June 14, 2002.
^ "Dynegy's Chief Financial Officer Quits." New York Times. June 20, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Shuts Its Online Trading System." New York Times. June 21, 2002.
^ Feder, Barnaby J. "Dynegy Plans to Cut Dividend And Sell Assets to Raise Cash." New York Times. June 25, 2002.
^ "Company Briefs." New York Times. June 29, 2002.
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Berkshire to Buy a Gas Pipeline From Dynegy." New York Times. July 30, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Staves Off Bankruptcy With Sale of Pipeline." New York Times. August 17, 2002.
^ Barboza, David. "Ex-Executive Says Dynegy Asked His Help to Cook Books." New York Times. August 5, 2002.
^ Dynegy Says It Is Suspending Dividend Payments." New York Times. August 13, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Won't Seek New Interim Chairman." New York Times. September 4, 2002.
^ Barboza, David. "Dynegy to Pay $3 Million In Settlement With S.E.C." New York Times. September 25, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Fires 6 Energy Trades for False Prices." New York Times. October 19, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Pay $5 Million in Inquiry Into Fake Trades." New York Times. December 20, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Sell a Natural Gas Storage Site in Britain." New York Times. October 1, 2002.
^ Glater, Jonathan D. "Dynegy Says It Will Exit the Energy Trading Business." New York Times. October 17, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Lay Off 14% of Work Force." New York Times. October 22, 2002.
^ Romero, Simon. "Former Employees of Dynegy Face Charges of Fraud." New York Times. June 13, 2003.
^ "2 Ex-Employees Plead Guilty in Dynegy Case." New York Times. August 6, 2003.
^ Romero, Simon. "Stiff Sentence Is Possibility For a Name Not So Known." New York Times. March 24, 2004; Romero, Simon. "Ex-Executive Of Dynegy Is Sentenced to 24 Years." New York Times. March 26, 2004.
^ Romero, Simon. "Revision of 24-Year Prison Term Ordered in Accounting Fraud." New York Times. November 2, 2005; "Fraud Sentence Is Reduced for a Former Dynegy Accountant." New York Times. September 25, 2006.
^ "Former Executives Indicted." New York Times. December 11, 2003.
^ "Former Dynegy Executive Settles With S.E.C." New York Times. October 1, 2007.
^ Glater, Jonathan D. "Dynegy Agrees to Settlement of Suit by Its Shareholders." New York Times. April 16, 2005.
^ "Ex-Officer of Duke Energy Is Named Chief of Dynegy." New York Times. October 24, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Hires Ex-Shell Executive As Financial Officer." New York Times. December 3, 2002.
^ a b Mouawad, Jad. "Life in Energy, After Enron." New York Times. June 25, 2005.
^ "Dynegy Sells European Telecom Business to Klesch." New York Times. January 24, 2003.
^ "Dynegy Again Restates Income for 2001 and 2002." New York Times. February 15, 2003.
^ "Dynegy Agrees to Sell Share of Louisiana Gas Terminal." New York Times. February 19, 2003.
^ "Broadband Provider Will Acquire Dynegy Network." New York Times. April 1, 2003.
^ "Dynegy Strikes Deal for $1.66 Billion in Refinancing." New York Times. April 3, 2003; "ChevronTexaco Agrees to Restructure Dynegy Debt." New York Times. July 16, 2003; "Dynegy to Sell Debt in Private Placement." New York Times. October 1, 2003.
^ "Dynegy to Sell Illinois Power to Exelon." New York Times. November 4, 2003; "Ameren Agrees to Buy Illinois Utility From Dynegy." New York Times. February 4, 2004.
^ "Dynegy Allowed to Quit Contract." New York Times. January 18, 2003; "Dynegy and Southern Agree to Nullify Three Contracts." New York Times. April 24, 2003; "Dynegy Buys Out Electricity Contract." New York Times. January 6, 2004; "Dynegy Exits 4 Natural Gas Transportation Contracts." New York Times. July 15, 2004.
^ "Company Briefs." New York Times. March 25, 2004.
^ "Dynegy to Buy Exelon Unit for $135 Million." New York Times. November 3, 2004.
^ "Dynegy Must Spend $321 Million to Cut Emissions." New York Times. March 8, 2005.
^ "Dynegy Sets $2.3 Billion Merger." New York Times. September 15, 2006.
^ a b "Dynegy in $1.5 Billion Deal to Sell 8 Electricity Plants." Retuers. August 10, 2009.
^ "Chevron Plans Offering of Dynegy Stake." New York Times. May 22, 2007.
^ "Chevron's Profit Rises 24%, With Help From Its Refineries." Reuters. July 28, 2007.
^ "Dynegy and LS Power to Undo Joint Venture." New York Times. August 10, 2009.
^ Berringer, Felicity and Hakim, Danny. "New York Subpoenas 5 Energy Companies." New York Times. September 16, 2007.
^ "Dynegy to Warn Investors on Risks of Coal Burning." Associated Press. October 24, 2008.
^ Freifeld, Karen. "Dynegy Required to Disclose Climate Change Risks." Bloomberg Business News. October 23, 2008. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Blackstone, NRG To Carve Up Dynegy." Wall Street Journal. August 13, 2010, accessed 2012-07-06; de la Merced, Michael J. "Blackstone to Pay $4.7 Billion for Dynegy." New York Times. August 13, 2010, accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Seneca Seeks Proxy Fight at Dynegy." New York Times. November 11, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Kaplan, Thomas. "Icahn Raises His Stake In Dynegy to 12.9%." New York Times. November 13, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "DealBook Online." New York Times. November 12, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Blackstone Raises Offer For Dynegy." New York Times. November 17, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Blackstone Raises Its Offer for Dynegy." New York Times. November 16, 2010. Accessed 2012-07.06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Dynegy Postpones Vote on Blackstone Takeover Bid." New York Times. November 17, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Davidoff, Steven M. "Unusual Tactic." New York Times. November 19, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-6.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Ending Blackstone Talks, Dynegy Seeks New Buyer." New York Times. November 24, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Icahn Bids for Dynegy, After an Offer From Blackstone Is Rejected." New York Times. December 16, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "No Fresh Bidders for Dynegy." New York Times. January 25, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Ahmed, Azam. "Icahn Extends Offer Period for Dynegy." New York Times. January 26, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Seneca Pre-Emptively Rejects Dynegy Offer at $6 a Share." New York Times. January 26, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Dynegy Pleads With Shareholders to Take Icahn Deal." New York Times. February 11, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Ahmed, Azam. "Icahn Extends Dynegy Offer, Again." New York Times. February 14, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dynegy's Top Executives to Resign in Wake of Failed Deals." New York Times. February 21, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Roose, Kevin. "Dynegy Settles With Creditors." New York Times. April 4, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b de la Merced, Michael. "Hurt by Debt, Dynegy Says Bankruptcy Is a Possibility." New York Times. March 9, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dodgers, Dynegy, MF Global, Syms and Filene's: Bankruptcy." Bloomberg Business News. November 14, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Lubben, Stephen J. "What's Behind Dynegy's Unusual Bankruptcy." New York Times. November 8, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Steffy, Loren and Pickrell, Emily. "Dynegy Joins Subsidiary in Bankruptcy." Houston Chronicle. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ a b Checkler, Joseph and Stilwell, Victoria. "Dynegy Joins Subsidiary in Chapter 11, Sets Merger." Wall Street Journal. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Dynegy Hires Restructuring Advisers." New York Times. April 13, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Lubben, Stephen J. "Examiner Rules Dynegy Asset Transfer Was Fraudulent." New York Times. March 10, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Trustee Sought for Dynegy Bankruptcy." New York Times. March 12, 2012, accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dynegy Files for Bankruptcy Protection." Associated Press. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Ahmed, Azam. "Dynegy Files for Bankruptcy as Part of Settlement." New York Times. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Benoit, David. "Dynegy Files for Bankruptcy in Final Blow to Shareholders." Wall Street Journal. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ Crooks, Ed. "Embattled Dynegy files for Chapter 11." Financial Times. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ Chaudhuri, Saabira. "Dynegy Q2 Loss Widens On Coal-Segment Charge." Marketwatch.com. August 3, 2012. Accessed 2012-08-11.
^ a b Butler, Kelsey "Dynegy Holdings Plan Confirmed." Deal Pipeline. September 5, 2012.
^ Powers, Mary. "Dynegy Auctioning Two New York Power Plants Worth 1,693 MW." Platts. September 25, 2012. Accessed 2012-10-17.
^ Goldberg, Laura. "Dynegy Emerges From Bankruptcy, Stock to Return to Market." Houston Chronicle." October 2, 2012. Accessed 2012-10-17.
^ "Freedom Stations Get the Go-Ahead." Chico News-Review. November 15, 2012.
^ Daugherty, Deon. "Dynegy COO Kevin Howell Resigns." Houston Business Journal. January 8, 2013.
^ Pythress, Katherine. "Implosion Reduces Power Plant to Scrap Heap." San Diego Union-Tribune. February 3, 2013.
^ Wolf, Craig. "Dynegy Workers on Strike in Newburgh." Poughkeepsie Journal. November 9, 2012.
^ Bradshaw, Sarah. "Union Workers and Schools Left in Lurch by Dynegy." Poughkeepsie Journal. December 1, 2012.
^ a b Gruen, Abby. "Dynegy Sells Roseton, Danskammer Plants in New York." SNL Energy M&A Review. January 1, 2013.
^ Prezioso, Jeanine and DiSavino, Scott. "Castleton Acquires N.Y. Power Plant From Dynegy." Reuters Hedgeworld. May 1, 2013.
^ Poszywak, Amy. "Dynegy Asks Bankruptcy Court to Force Power Plant Sale Along." SNL Power Daily with Market Report. May 30, 2013.
^ Butler, Kelsey. "Judge Approves Dynegy Plant Sale." The Deal Pipeline. September 3, 2013.
^ Barr, Diana. "Ameren to Sell Merchant Generation Unit to Dynegy." St. Louis Business Journal. March 14, 2013. Accessed 2013-03-21.
^ a b Boshart, Glen. "Dynegy Bid to Buy Ameren's Merchant Plants Makes Its Way to FERC." SNL Power Daily with Market Report. April 18, 2013.
^ a b Yeagle, Patrick. "Shell Game." Illinois Times. September 19, 2013.
^ "Dynegy to Launch Debt Package." Project Finance. April 2013; Gruen, Abby. "Dynegy's $1.8B Refi Will Remake Capital Structure." SNL Electric Utility Report. April 8, 2013.
^ Daugherty, Deon. "Dynegy Closes $1.3B Term Loan Facilities." Houston Business Journal. April 23, 2013.
^ Eaton, Collin. "Dynegy Pays Off Term Loan With $500M in Senior Notes." Houston Business Journal. May 21, 2013.
^ Boshart, Glen. "Dynegy's Bid to Buy Ameren's Merchant Plants Gets Bogged Down at FERC." SNL Power Daily with Market Report. July 29, 2013.
^ McMahon, Bobby. "Sierra Club Seeks More Information on Ameren Deal, Raising Concerns About Local Impacts." Inside F.E.R.C. August 26, 2013.
^ Ryan, Molly. "Dynegy Hits a Roadblock in Ameren Acquisition." Houston Business Journal. June 7, 2013.
^ "Dynegy Seeks Pollution Waiver in Ameren Purchase." Associated Press. July 24, 2013.
^ a b Tomich, Jeffrey. "Pollution Waiver May Decide Fate of Illinois Coal Plants." St. Louis Post-Dispatch. September 13, 2013.
^ a b Finke, Doug. "Pollution Board Weighs Delay For Ameren Plants." Kewanee Star-Courier. September 18, 2013.
^ a b "AFL-CIO Pushes For Waiver For Illinois Plants." Associated Press. September 17, 2013.
^ "Dynegy Rejects Foresight Energy's Plan." St. Louis Business Journal. September 19, 2013.
^ a b c Wernau, Julie. "Power Play for Ill. Coal." Chicago Tribune. September 22, 2013.
^ Rebecca Smith (22 August 2014). "Dynegy to Nearly Double Capacity With $6.25 Billion in Deals". WSJ. 
^ "Acquisitions power Dynegy back into top tier of generators". Houston Chronicle. 


External links[edit]

Dynegy corporate website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dynegy&oldid=788849392"					
Categories: Power companies of the United StatesNatural gas companies of the United StatesCompanies based in HoustonCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisNorsk bokmål 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 3 July 2017, at 21:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Dynegy - Wikipedia






















 






Dynegy

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Dynegy Inc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Dynegy Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DYN


Industry
Energy (Electrical power industry)


Founded
1984


Headquarters
Houston, Texas, United States



Area served

USA (6 states)[1]



Key people

Thomas W. Elward, interim chairman;
Robert C. Flexon, interim chief executive officer;
Kevin Howell, executive vice president and chief operating officer;
Clint Freeland, executive vice president and chief financial officer[2]


Products
Natural Gas (discontinued after 2005);[3]
Electricity generation



Number of employees

1,262 (as of December 31, 2011; 274 at corporate headquarters and 988 at facilities)[4]


Website
www.dynegy.com






601 Travis houses the headquarters of Dynegy


Dynegy Inc. is an electric company based in Houston, Texas, in the United States. It owns and operates a number of power stations in the U.S., all of which are natural gas-fueled or coal-fueled. The company is located at 601 Travis Street in Downtown Houston.[5] The company was founded in 1984 as Natural Gas Clearinghouse. It was originally an energy brokerage, buying and selling natural gas supplies. It changed its name to NGC Corporation in 1995 after entering the electrical power generation business.
The company adopted the name Dynegy in 1998. It attempted to buy the Enron energy trading firm in 2001, but disengaged from the proposed acquisition due to the scandal at Enron. Dynegy nearly went bankrupt in 2002, and several executives were eventually convicted of financial fraud and mismanagement. Dynegy exited the energy trading business in 2002 and the natural gas supply business in 2005, focusing its efforts on electrical generation. The company has one major subsidiary, Dynegy Holdings. It also has three operating subsidiaries: GasCo, CoalCo, and the "stub group" (for other miscellaneous business enterprises).
Dynegy Inc. was the subject of two unsuccessful takeover efforts in 2010. Its Dynegy Holdings subsidiary went bankrupt in November 2011, and Dynegy Inc. itself filed for bankruptcy protection on July 6, 2012. Its GasCo and CoalCo subsidiaries were unaffected by the bankruptcy filing. Dynegy emerged from bankruptcy on October 2, 2012.



Contents


1 Corporate predecessors

1.1 Natural Gas Clearinghouse
1.2 NGC Corporation


2 Dynegy history

2.1 Growth
2.2 Near-bankruptcy of 2002
2.3 Recovery and restructuring
2.4 Takeover battles


3 2012 bankruptcy
4 Post-bankruptcy

4.1 Roseton and Danskammer sales
4.2 Ameren purchase
4.3 2014 acquisitions


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



Corporate predecessors[edit]




Transco Tower (now known as Williams Tower) in Houston, the original headquarters of Dynegy in 1984.


Natural Gas Clearinghouse[edit]
Natural Gas Clearinghouse (NGC) was created in 1985 by Charles Watson;[6] a consortium of natural gas pipeline companies that included Transco; investment bank Morgan Stanley; and the legal firm of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld. A major investor was Kenneth Lay, later the chief executive officer of the energy firm Enron.[7] Its first headquarters was on the 40th floor of the Transco Tower in Houston, Texas.[8] NGC was so successful that in 1985 Morgan Stanley bought out some of the other investors and took a majority stake in the company.[7]
NGC was purchased by Noble Affiliates, Inc. and Apache Corporation, independent oil and gas exploration and production companies, for a reported $50 million in 1989.[9] In 1993, LG&E Energy Corporation took a stake in NGC, which by then was the largest independent natural gas marketing firm in the United States and had revenues of more than US$2 billion.[10] NGC purchased Trident NGL in 1994 in a deal worth more than $750 million.[11] That same year, it also established a partnership with Nova (also known as Novagas Clearinghouse, a natural gas marketing company based in Canada) and British Gas, which gave both companies a financial stake in NGC.[12]
NGC Corporation[edit]
Natural Gas Clearinghouse shortened its name to NGC Corporation in 1995 after its merger with Trident NGL closed. It became a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange that same year.[13] By 1996, it had grown to US$550 million in assets, and carried US$525 million in long-term debt.[14] NGC Corporation also established several subsidiaries to enable it to enter the electrical generation, marketing, and sales areas. Electric Clearinghouse sold electricity, and the Energy Store marketed it. In August 1996, it purchased the natural gas gathering, marketing, and processing operations of Chevron Corporation.[15] The latter deal gave Chevron a 29 percent stake in NGC.[16] NGC followed that deal by buying Destec Energy for US$1.27 billion. The deal required NGC Corporation to sell Destec's power generation subsidiaries in Australia, Canada, the Dominican Republic, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom for US$407 million, although NGC Corporation retained Destec's 20 domestic gas-fired power plants.[15]
Dynegy history[edit]
Growth[edit]
In June 1998, NGC Corporation changed its name to Dynegy, Inc. The company's original slogan was "We believe in people."[17] Nova announced two months later that it was seeking to sell its stake in Dynegy.[18] Dynegy bought Illinova Corporation in 1999 in a deal worth US$1.75 billion and the assumption of US$2.25 billion of Illinova Corp. debt. The deal also allowed Nova and British Gas to sell their stake in Dynegy.[16]
Dynegy also began branching into areas outside natural gas and electrical generation. In August 2000, the company announced that it had purchased Extant Inc., a broadband provider building a nationwide fiber optic network, for US$152.5 million.[19]
Dynegy, along with Enron, El Paso Corporation, Reliant Energy, and several other energy companies, was accused of price manipulation and other fraudulent practices during the California electricity crisis in 2000 and 2001.[20] The case against Dynegy was dismissed in 2003.[21]
In 2001, Dynegy made a white knight US$8 billion takeover bid for Enron, which was saddled with $13 billion in debt and whose stock had plummeted.[22] The deal began unraveling two weeks later as Enron revealed even larger financial losses and more debt than previously reported.[23] Dynegy withdrew its merger offer on November 28.[24] Enron sued Dynegy on December 2, the day after Enron declared bankruptcy.[25] (The lawsuit was settled in August 2002 after Dynegy agreed to pay Enron US$25 million for backing out of the deal.)[26] Enron attempted to sell off assets in an effort to stay afloat. On January 3, 2002, Dynegy successfully acquired Enron's Northern Natural Gas Company pipeline.[27] NNGC was Enron's most lucrative pipeline asset and had been put up as collateral in return for Dynegy providing financing to Enron during merger talks.[28]
Near-bankruptcy of 2002[edit]




Wells Fargo Plaza in Houston, the headquarters of Dynegy as of 2011. The company moved out in 2012.


Dynegy came close to bankruptcy in 2002. Investor pressure on energy stocks in the wake of the Enron collapse pushed Dynegy's stock price down 42 percent by late April. The company also admitted on April 26 that it made a large accounting error on a fuel contract, which further depressed the stock price 22 percent. Moody's Investors Service announced it was reviewing all US$4 billion of Dynegy debt.[29] In financial distress, Dynegy successfully applied for a US$900 million line of credit.[30] On May 1, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission opened a formal investigation into how Dynegy's "Project Alpha", an internal corporate initiative that allegedly inflated income from natural gas transactions and illegally structured business partnerships to avoid income.[31] Two weeks later, the New York Times reported that Dynegy's Illinova subsidiary was part of the investigation. Illinova had formed a joint partnership named Catlin in January 2000 with a little-known investment company named Black Thunder. Catlin took over some of Illinova's electrical generating assets. Although Black Thunder put up almost 90 percent of the money to form Catlin, Dynegy was required to buy out Black Thunder's investment or sell off the assets if Catlin did not earn a specified high rate of return.[32] On May 28, Dynegy founder, president, and chief executive officer Charles Watson resigned.[33] Dynegy Inc. chairman Dan Dienstbier was named interim CEO.[34] In mid-June, Dynegy reported that its first quarter income had fallen 80 percent. It also admitted that it had signed long-term power contracts that would not produce revenue for years to come. But it had charged the income to the current year's revenues in an attempt to bolster its bottom line.[35] On June 19, Dynegy's chief financial office, Rob Doty, resigned.[36] The following day, Dynegy shut down its online energy trading system.[37]
Dynegy was quickly approaching bankruptcy by late June 2002. On June 25, the company announced it would sell off assets in an attempt to raise US$2 billion in cash.[38] Moody's downgraded the rating of the company's bonds to "junk" status on June 28.[39] Dynegy announced it might need a financial partner to help it stabilize. After the July 23 announcement, the company's shares dropped 64 percent.[34] Desperate for cash, Dynegy sold the Northern Natural Gas Company to MidAmerican Energy Holdings for $928 million on July 29 ($572 less than it paid for it).[40] The sale saved Dynegy from bankruptcy.[41]
Although Dynegy avoided bankruptcy, the fallout from the company's accounting practices continued throughout 2002. In August, former Dynegy controller and chief accounting officer Bradley P. Farnsworth sued the company, saying he'd been fired after refusing to help manipulate the company's financial statements in the summer of 2000.[42] The company suspended its dividend on August 12.[43] On September 3, interim chairman Glenn F. Tilton resigned in order to become chief executive officer of United Airlines.[44] On September 24, Dynegy announced that it had agreed to pay a US$3 million fine for using the Catlin company and other business partnerships to hide losses and taxable income. It also admitted that it had engaged in "round-trip" trades, phony natural gas and electricity trades designed to mislead investors and other companies about the success of Dynegy's online trading operation.[45] The company later fired five traders after the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) discovered that Dynegy energy traders had supplied false prices to industry trade publications.[46] The company later paid a US$5 million fine to the CFTC.[47] Still needing cash, Dynegy sold its Hornsea natural gas storage site in the United Kingdom to help pay the fine.[48]
Dynegy shuttered its online energy trading business for good on October 16, 2002.[49] The closure led Dynegy to lay off 14 percent of its workforce, which left it with just 4,600 employees.[50]
Several Dynegy executives were later convicted or indicted for their roles in Dynegy's near-collapse. In June 2003, Jamie Olis (former Senior Director of Tax Planning), Gene Foster (former Vice President for Taxation), and Helen Sharkey (a former employee in Dynegy's risk control and deal structure groups), were indicted on numerous counts of mail and wire fraud. According to court documents, the three employees conceived of a plan in early 2001 to borrow money but make it look like operational revenue. A corporation known as ABG Gas Supply was created. ABG secured loans from Citigroup, Credit Suisse First Boston, and Deutsche Bank to buy natural gas at market prices. ABG then sold this gas at a discount to Dynegy, which resold it at market prices and booked a $300 million profit. ABG then bought natural gas at market prices, and sold it at a premium to Dynegy. The profits ABG booked were then used to repay the loans. Prosecutors accused Olis, Foster, and Sharkey of deceiving auditors, regulators, and other company executives regarding the transactions.[51] Foster and Sharkey plead guilty two months later.[52] Olis was found guilty in March 2004, and sentenced to 24 years in prison.[53] (A year later, after a U.S. Supreme Court ruling in a different case held that mandatory sentencing guidelines violated the Constitution, Olis' sentence was reduced to just six years in prison.)[54] In December 2003, three former executives at Nicor Energy LLC (a joint venture of Dynegy and Nicor), were indicted for illegally manipulating that firm's income by US$11 million in 2001 to hide losses.[55] Former chief financial officer Robert Doty agreed to pay a $376,650 fine in October 2007 for his role in helping to conceal the ABG Gas Supply scheme.[56]
Shareholders, too, were unhappy with Dynegy's actions during the financial crisis. A class action lawsuit was filed against the company in 2002. In April 2005, Dynegy agreed to settle the lawsuit. Shareholders would be paid a total of US$468 million. To come up with the money, Dynegy paid out $250 million in cash and issued $68 million in stock to the plaintiffs. Its insurance companies paid another $150 million to the plaintiffs.[57]
Recovery and restructuring[edit]
On October 23, 2002, Dynegy hired Bruce Williamson, a former Duke Energy executive, as its chief executive officer.[58] Six weeks later, Dynegy hired Nick J. Caruso, a former chief financial officer at Royal Dutch Shell, as its new chief financial officer.[59]
Williamson began a program of cost cutting, elimination of unprofitable businesses, and financial restructuring. As Williamson later told the New York Times in June 2005, "We had businesses in trading, in marketing, in broadband communications, in Europe, in communications as far as China. What we have done is very systematically sell those off, shut down offices and concentrate on the two businesses that looked like we had a competitive advantage."[60] Dynegy sold its telecommunications business in Europe in January 2003,[61] restated its income for 2001 and 2002,[62] sold a natural gas terminal in Louisiana,[63] sold its telecommunications business in North America in April 2003,[64] engaged in a US$1.6 billion refinancing and other restructuring of its debt,[65] sold its Illinois Power Company subsidiary to Ameren,[66] and nullified a number of contracts in non-core or money-losing areas.[67] In March 2004, Wiliamson was named chairman of the company, succeeding Dan Dienstbier (who retired).[68]
Dynegy undertook a strategy to move into coal-fired and hydroelectric electrical generation in 2004, and out of natural gas distribution and trading. In November 2004, the company acquired four natural gas-fired and four hydroelectric power generation plants in the Northeast United States.[69] In March 2005, it agreed to settle a 1999 dispute with the Environmental Protection Agency by spending US$321 million to repair and upgrade coal-fired generating plants in Illinois to reduce pollutants.[70] In mid-2005, Dynegy hired Credit Suisse First Boston to assist it in finding a buyer for its natural gas transmission businesses.[60] The sale of this business came quickly: In August 2005, Dynegy sold this business to Targa Resources, a company owned by private equity firm Warburg Pincus.[3]
In September 2006, Dynegy and LS Power Group agreed to a joint venture in a deal worth US$2.3 billion. Under the terms of the agreemnent, Dynegy gave LS Power a 40 percent stake in Dynegy itself while LS Power contributed 10 of its power plants.[71] Dynegy also agreed to create a 245 million new Class B shares, which it turned over to LS Power.[72] In May 2007, ChevronTexaco announced it was selling its 12 percent stake in Dynegy to the public.[73] The sale netted ChevronTexaco US$680 million by July.[74] The joint venture did not last, however. In August 2009, LS Power agreed to buy nine electrical generating plants from Dynegy for US$1.025 billion in cash in order to dissolve the joint venture.[75] Part of the reason for the joint venture's demise was another collapse in Dynegy's share price. Dynegy's shares fell 80 percent in the two years after the deal closed, and the company posted a large $345 million loss in the second quarter of 2009. LS Power also agreed to return all its Class B shares, so that Dynegy would only have 95 million shares of common stock outstanding. The dissolution of the joint venture left LS Power with a 15 percent stake in Dynegy.[72]
Dynegy's move into coal-powered electrical generation was not without controversy. In September 2007, New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo sued Dynegy and other utilities, arguing that the companies were not properly accounting for the financial risks that pollutants from coal-fired generating plants created.[76] After a year of negotiations and legal maneuvering, Dynegy agreed to issue statements to its current and future investors warning that government regulation of carbon emissions and lawsuits over pollution could pose financial risks to the company.[77] Its move into coal-fired electrical generation led the National Environmental Trust, an environmental group, to derisively call Dynegy the "king of coal" in 2008.[78]
Takeover battles[edit]
On August 13, 2010, the Blackstone Group announced plans to purchase Dynegy for US$4.7 billion. As part of the deal, NRG Energy would acquire four natural gas plants in California and Maine for US$1.36 Billion.[79] Seneca Capital, Dynegy's largest shareholder, fought the purchase in a proxy fight.[80] Dynegy investor Carl Icahn also promised a proxy battle, arguing that Blackstone Group's offer was too low. Icahn raised his stake in Dynegy to 12.9 percent in preparation for the shareholder fight.[81] Seneca Capital nominated former railroad executive E. Hunter Harrison and former energy company executive Jeff D. Hunter for the Dynegy board of directors, challenging Bruce Williamson and David Biegler (a Williamson ally).[82]
A series of maneuvers followed. Dynegy executives said the offer was a good one, as the deal would give Dynegy access to lines of credit which would enable it to refinance and restructure its debt. With energy prices at cyclical lows, the company said it lacked the resources to do so and that its debt burden was destabilizing. Blackstone Group initially said it would not offer more than US$4.50 per share,[83] but then revised its offer later that day to US$5.00 a share.[84] Worried that it did not have enough shareholder support to accept the Blackstone Group offer, Dynegy proposed postponing its shareholder meeting a few days to November 23,[85] but postponement did not occur. Legal counsel advised that Delaware law (under which Dynegy was incorporated) considered a postponement a new meeting, and that would require notifying shareholders (again) and giving at least 20 days' notice. Furthermore, Dynegy's proxy rules did not make it clear that a proxy remained in effect in the event of a postponement (which could lead to lawsuits). Legal counsel also believed that Dynegy management would be forced refile resolution with shareholders and resolicit votes, which would delay a meeting until early 2011.[86] During the shareholder meeting, management's fears proved accurate. On November 19, Dynegy was forced to recess its shareholder meeting in an attempt to garner more support for the Blackstone bid. (Dynegy was unable to adjourn the meeting because its bylaws did not clearly provide for adjournment to another date, and because it was unclear that adjournment could occur without a shareholder vote—a vote the board felt it would lose.)[86] During the four-day recess, Dynegy executives said the company would continue to solicit a takeover even if the Blackstone Group bid failed. On November 23, 2010, Dynegy management and Blackstone agreed to call off the takeover after it became clear there was not enough support for the US$5.00 a share bid.[87]
On December 15, 2010, Icahn offered a US$5.50 a share cash bid for Dynegy.[88] Dynegy's board asked for other bids, but none emerged.[89] But Icahn, too, found little support among shareholders. He extended his offer by two weeks on January 25, 2011.[90] That same day, Seneca Capital said it would not even entertain a US$6.00 a share bid.[91] Dynegy's board urged shareholders to accept the Icahn bid, or risk bankruptcy.[92] But by mid-February, even those investors willing to accept the Icahn bid had rescinded these offers. Icahn extended his offer by few days.[93] The Icahn bid, too, collapsed.
On February 20, 2011, Bruce Williamson resigned as Dynegy's chairman, and announced he would step down as chief executive officer on March 11. Chief financial officer Holli C. Nichols also said she would resign as chief financial officer on March 11 as well. Board member Thomas W. Elward was named interim chairman, and Robert C. Flexon was appointed interim president and chief executive officer.[94][95] Harrison was elected to the board of directors. Also elected to the board were Vincent J. Intrieri, Senior Managing Director of Icahn Capital, and Samuel J. Merksamer, an investment analyst for Icahn Capital.[96]
2012 bankruptcy[edit]
The takeover bids all came after one of Dynegy's largest subsidiaries filed for bankruptcy. On November 7, 2011 Dynegy Holdings, the largest of Dynegy Inc.'s four subsidiaries, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.[97]
The bankruptcy was a novel one. Dynegy had structured itself so that Dynegy Inc. (the holding company) had little debt. Nearly all the debt was held by its subsidiary, Dynegy Holdings, which also guaranteed debt for the operating divisions. Dynegy Inc. created three operating divisions: the natural gas group (GasCo), the coal group (CoalCo), and a group for all other businesses (known as "the stub group"). GasCo and CoalCo were structured so that they would be little affected by any bankruptcy filing by either Dynegy Inc. or Dynegy Holdings. Part of the structure meant that few of the natural GasCo's and CoalCo's dividends were given to Dynegy Holdings. To separate Dynegy Holdings from Dynegy Inc., Dynegy Holdings was transformed from a corporation into a limited liability company (LLC). This legal maneuver took advantage of a Delaware Supreme Court ruling which made it difficult for creditors to sue an LLC's board of directors for failing to uphold their fiduciary duty. Finally, GasCo and CoalCo sold themselves to Dynegy Inc., which left Dynegy Holdings holding US$1.25 billion in debt but without the ability to seize the assets of GasCo and CoalCo in the event of a default. Under the structure adopted by Dynegy Inc., the company could meet its debt obligations to Dynegy Holdings by paying cash or by forgiving debt. This provided an incentive for Dynegy Inc. to withhold payment and force Dynegy Holdings to declare bankruptcy (thereby reducing the value of the debt and making it easier to pay off).[98]
The restructuring plan put Dynegy's assets which had the worst financial performance into the hands of Dynegy Holdings.[99] The goal was to protect Dynegy's secured creditors at the expense of its unsecured creditors. The plan had already generated one lawsuit. In 2011, U.S. Bancorp, representing bondholders whose investment was secured by leases of two Dynegy power plants new Newburgh, New York (the Danskammer Generating Station and the Roseton Generating Station).[100]
On March 8, 2011, Dynegy submitted financial filings with government regulators warning investors that it faced bankruptcy if it could not restructure its debt.[96] The company announced a month later that it had hired the restructuring firm Lazard and the law firm White & Case to advise it on debt restructuring. Vincent Intrieri was named chair of the boards finance and restructuring committee.[101]
On March 9, 2012, the November 2011 bankruptcy of Dynegy Holdings ran into difficulty. An examiner appointed by the United States bankruptcy court found that the Dynegy Inc.'s purchase of CoalCo was fraudulent. The examiner found that Dynegy Holdings was already bankrupt at the time the sale took place, and therefore constituted a breach of fiduciary duty by the Dynegy Holdings board of directors. This allowed the Dynegy Holdings board of directors to sue the Dynegy Inc. board of directors for damages (which could run into the billions of dollars). This threw the Dynegy Holdings bankrutpcy filing into doubt, and put Dynegy Inc. on the hook for billions in debt.[102] The bankruptcy court trustee said she would sue on behalf of Dynegy Holdings to recover these debts.[103]
The bankruptcy court examiner's finding quickly led to the bankruptcy of Dynegy Inc. itself. On April 3, 2012, Dynegy Inc. announced that it had reached an agreement with the U.S. bankruptcy trustee, the board of directors of Dynegy Holdings, and its other creditors. The agreement, which affected US$2.25 billion in debt, gave all creditors 99 percent of the stock of Dynegy Inc. once it emerged from bankruptcy. Existing shareholders would get just 1 percent of the stock in the new company, with warrants enabling them to buy up to 13.5 of common stock at a set price over the next five years.[95] Accordingly, Dynegy Inc. filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on July 5, 2012.[104] The bankrutpcy plan filed by Dynegy Inc. also called for a merger with Dynegy Holdings. The bankruptcy filing did not, however, affect GasCo, CoalCo, or the "stub group", and allowed the Dynegy Holdings bankruptcy to proceed.[105] Dynegy's stock was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange following the bankruptcy filing.[106] U.S. Bancorp agreed to drop its lawsuit against the company in exchange for a $540 million claim against the company in bankruptcy court. The bondholders represented by U.S. Bancorp would also get a further US$31 million if the Danskammer and Roseton plants are sold.[100]
As part of its bankruptcy filing, Dynegy moved its corporate headquarters. In November 2011, the company signed a lease for new principal offices in an office building at 601 Travis Street in Houston. (It occupied these quarters early July 2012.) Dynegy continued to hold leases on several floors of the Wells Fargo Plaza, however. As part of its bankruptcy filing, the bankruptcy court approved a new lease in which Dynegy would abandon 130,000 square feet (12,000 m2) of space at Wells Fargo Plaza. The company asked the court to cancel its lease on the remaining 50,000 square feet (4,600 m2) as well.[5]
Dynegy said it hoped to hold a vote on August 24, at which time its creditors would approve the bankruptcy plan. A court hearing on the creditor-approved bankruptcy plan would then be held September 5, after which the company said it would emerge from bankruptcy protection.[107]
Dynegy Inc. posted a second-quarter 2012 loss of $1.06 billion, an increase to $8.65 per share from 95 cents per share a year ago. The company blamed, among other things, markedly lower demand for its electricity, much lower prices for its coal, and a $941 million noncash loss caused by the transfer of its coal unit to Dynegy Holdings. The company also said it now hoped to emerge from bankruptcy in September 2012.[108]
Dynegy agreed to auction off its Roseton and Danskammer energy plants in New York state in order to emerge from bankruptcy. Dynegy had signed a sale-leaseback agreement in 2001 with Public Services Enterprise Group for the Roseton and Danskammer facilities. Fifty percent of the proceeds from the auction would be used to pay bondholders (up to $571 million), while the remaining 50 percent would be used to pay unsecured creditors.[109] The unsecured creditors would get $200 million in cash.[110] Unsecured creditors also would receive 99 percent of Dynegy's new stock, with the company retaining the rest (with warrants to purchase 13.5 percent of the stock after five years). Dynegy also agreed to pay holders of $206 million in subordinated capital income securities just $55 million in principal and $16 million in interest to settle their claims. The bankruptcy agreement also settled claims between Dynegy Holdings and Dynegy, Inc.[109]
Dynegy emerged from bankruptcy on October 2, 2012, and its shares began trading on October 3 under the "DYN" symbol.[111]
Post-bankruptcy[edit]
On November 5, 2012, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission settled a decade-old lawsuit which alleged that Dynegy had manipulated the California energy market. While the lawsuit continued, Dynegy sold its California subsidiary to NRG Energy, Inc. NRG Energy subsequently agreed to pay $20 million in refunds to consumers as well as spend more than $100 million to install 200 public fast-charging electric vehicle stations and 10,000 plug-in stations throughout California. Twenty percent of the stations were required to be in low-income neighborhoods.[112]
On January 4, 2013, Dynegy's Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Howell, resigned. Howell continued as a consultant to the company, and agreed to stay on until a successor was named in order to provide an orderly transition.[113]
On February 2, 2013, Dynegy's South Bay Power Plant in San Diego, California, was imploded. The demolition of the 165-foot (50 m) smokestacks of the outmoded plant was watched by more than 1,000 people.[114]
Roseton and Danskammer sales[edit]
The sale of the Roseton and Danskammer plants—a condition of Dynegy's emergence from bankruptcy—proceeded slowly. On November 8, 2012, members of International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) Local 320 struck the Roseton and Danskammer plants after a contract extension expired and Dynegy continued to seek cuts in retirement benefits.[115] Dynegy's bankruptcy also left $17 million in unpaid property taxes in Dutchess County, New York. This created a budget crisis in the county which threatened to close local schools and create severe cutbacks in county services.[116] On December 10, 2012, Dynegy announced it would sell the Roseton plant to Louis Dreyfus Highbridge Energy for $19.5 million in cash.[117] The sale closed on April 30, 2013.[118]
The Danskammer plant sale was far more troubled. The plant was heavily damaged by Hurricane Sandy in October 2012, rendering it inoperable. On December 10, Dynegy said that ICS NY Holdings would buy the plant for $3.5 million and demolish it.[117] But the ICS sale stalled. Under the terms of the auction, ICS NY had to replace or find a substitute for its credit support agreement, and pay its portion of the plant's outstanding property taxes. But, Dynegy said, the company never did either. ICS defended itself, saying it was making every economically feasible effort to replace the credit agreement. On May 25, 2013, Dynegy filed suit with the bankruptcy court to force ICA to fulfill its obligations.[119] The court imposed a July 31 deadline for ICS to close the sale, but it did not meet the deadline. Dynegy subsequently sought another buyer. Helios Power Capital, a private equity firm, agreed to purchase the plant for $3.5 million in cash on August 20. The court approved the sale on September 2.[120]
Ameren purchase[edit]
In mid-March 2013, Dynegy purchased three electric generating subsidiaries of Ameren, an Illinois power company. The deal, worth $900 million, involved Ameren's Ameren Energy Generating Co. (Genco); Genco's controlling interest in Electric Energy Inc.; AmerenEnergy Resources Generating Co.; and Ameren Energy Marketing Co. Dynegy formed a subsidiary, Illinois Power Holdings (IPH), to purchase the Ameren subsidiaries. No cash changed hands; rather, IPH agreed to assume $825 million in debt owed by Genco and the other subsidiaries. Ameren also transferred about $180 million in tax benefits the three subsidiaries would have received in 2015. Ameren retained Genco's inactive Hutsonville and Meredosia plants, and agreed to buy back from IPH for $133 million three natural gas electrical generating plants. Dynegy agreed to honor the union collective bargaining agreements in force at all plants.[121] Under the deal, Dynegy acquired five coal-fired generating plants: Coffeen in Coffeen, Illinois; Duck Creek in Canton, Illinois; E.D. Edwards in Bartonville, Illinois; Joppa in Joppa, Illinois; and Newton in Newton, Illinois.[122][123]
As the deal worked its way through state and federal regulatory approval, Dynegy took advantage of low interest rates and refinanced its debt. The company obtained $1.3 billion in term loan B facilities and $500 million in revolving credit. The company used this income to retire an $800 million, seven-year line of credit and a $500 million, two-year line of credit. Dynegy agreed that the revolving credit line would be paid off and terminate within five years.[124] Two syndicated loans made up the $1.3 billion loan package. The $800 million loan and the $500 million loan were both due in 2020.[125] This left Dynegy with $1.28 billion in lines of credit and $500 million in outstanding bonds.[126]
The Ameren plants-for-debt swap also ran into trouble. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) had to approve the deal and ensure that there was no negative impact on consumers from Dynegy's expanding market share in the Midwest. But on April 16, FERC said that the studies submitted by Dynegy and Ameren were inadequate, and it ordered the two firms to rerun the studies and report back to FERC by July 14.[122] On July 16, FERC again declined to approve or disapprove the Dynegy-Ameren deal. The agency said that it Dynegy's study showed it charging market rates for energy in the Midwest. But FERC said it worried that transmission bottlenecks in the area would permit Dynegy to charge much more. Furthermore, federal regulators were considering an expansion in the market area IPH could serve. FERC asked Dynegy to provide additional information on transmission limitations and market area expansion.[127] In August, the Sierra Club formally filed opposition to the Dynegy-Ameren deal. The environmental group said the transmission bottleneck issue gave Dynegy too much market power. It also argued that Dynegy and Ameren had submitted only regional market power data, and had not accounted for local impacts (which could be very severe).[128]
Another obstacle emerged on June 6. Ameren was required to install pollution-reducing equipment on its five coal-fired generating plants in 2015. But because Ameren was in financial difficulty, it sought and received a waiver from the state of Illinois granting it a five-year delay. Ameren sought to transfer this delay to Dynegy, so that Dynegy would not have to immediately install the devices until 2020, either. But the Illinois Pollution Control Board denied Ameren's request.[129] Dynegy filed its own request for a five-year waiver in July, and warned that the Ameren deal would fall apart if it did not receive the waiver. But the Sierra Club, the Environmental Law and Policy Center, and other environmental groups said Dynegy had the resources to install the equipment, and opposed a waiver.[130][131][132] ACM Partners, a financial firm hired by the Sierra Club, also argued that Dynegy purposefully left IPH significantly underfunded and unable to tap into the parent company's resources.[123] Dynegy disagreed, but the firm warned that if IPH went bankrupt, workers would lose pensions and local communities would have to pay for any environmental remediation.[131] The Illinois AFL-CIO, however, supported Dynegy's request on September 16, saying that local jobs depended on the waiver.[132][133] The pollution board said it would make a decision by November 2013.[133] Foresight Energy, a major Illinois coal mining company, said it would install the $500 million anti-pollution devices for free if Dynegy agreed to sign a long-term contract to accept coal only from Foresight Energy. Dynegy declined the offer (in part because it already has long-term coal contracts),[134][135] and environmental groups opposed it.[135]
There was some speculation by financial analysts that the Dynegy-Ameren deal was a poor one. Julien Dumoulin-Smith, executive director of UBS Investment Research, said Dynegy is far more likely to shutter all five coal-powered plants rather than add pollution control devices. Dumoulin-Smith pointed out that the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued final rules on sulfur dioxide emissions that go into effect in July 2018. Because the Edwards plant is in an area of low air quality, EPA is likely to force Dynegy to close the plant anyway. The remaining four plants are borderline cases with the exception of Duck Creek Station which spent nearly US$800m on sulfur dioxide removal, and may also be forced to close if EPA regulations tighten in the future (a highly likely possibility, he said).[135]
2014 acquisitions[edit]
On August 22, 2014, Dynegy announced a deal involving two interdependent transactions to be executed simultaneously.[136] Dynegy acquired Duke’s Midwest Generation assets and retail business for $2.8 billion in cash, and the power generating assets of EquiPower Resources for $3.45 billion, with $3.35 billion in cash and $100 million in stock. This increased the company's generating capacity from 13000 MW to nearly 26000 MW.[137]
See also[edit]


Houston portal
Companies portal
Energy portal



Coal power in the United States

References[edit]


^ "Dynegy Generation Facilities." Dynegy. 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dynegy: A Company Review." Dynegy. June 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Hem, Brad. "Targa Is a Youngster With a Precocious Streak. Houston Chronicle. May 17, 2007. Accessed 2012-07-06; "Big Energy Mergers in U.S. and Canada." Bloomberg Business News. August 3, 2005. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Dynegy Inc. Form 10-K. March 8, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Heschmeyer, Mark. "Dynegy Bails on 181,000-SF Houston Office Lease." CoStar Group News. July 11, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ NGC Corporation Changes Name to Dynegy Inc.
^ a b Fox, Loren. Enron: The Rise and Fall. New York: Wiley, 2003, p. 12.
^ Hershey, Jr., Robert D. "Scrambling for Profits in a Gas Glut." New York Times. December 30, 1984.
^ "Noble and Apache to Buy Marketer." New York Times. April 5, 1989.
^ Salpukas, Agis. "How a Staid Electric Company Becomes a Renegade." New York Times. December 12, 1993.
^ "Trident NGL Agrees to be Acquired in $337 Million Deal." New York Times. August 5, 1994.
^ Hoover's Gandbook of American Business 2008. Austin, Tex.: Hoovers, 2007, p. 301.
^ Hoover's Guide to the Top Texas Companies. Austin, Tex.: Reference Press, 1995, p. 122.
^ Standard & Poor's Stock Guide, April 1996.
^ a b Salpukas, Agis. "Growing Natural-Gas Seller to Expand Electric Business." New York Times. February 19, 1997.
^ a b "Two More Deals Further Consolidate the Nation's Utilities." New York Times. June 15, 1999.
^ Myerson, Allen R. "Focus on Electric Power — The Commodity." New York Times. August 23, 1998.
^ "Nova Plans to Sell Its 26% Stake in Dynegy." New York Times. August 25, 1998.
^ "Dynegy Is Acquiring Extant for $152.5 Million." New York Times. August 3, 2000.
^ "Duke and Williams Receive Subpoenas." New York Times. November 9, 2002; Oppel, Jr., Richard A. and Broder, John M. "Judge Rejects California Electricity Refund." New York Times. December 13, 2002.
^ "Court Cases Against Energy Companies Dismissed." New York Times. March 26, 2003.
^ Oppel, Jr., Richard A. and Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Dynegy Is Said to Be Near to Acquiring Enron for $8 Billion." New York Times. November 8, 2001.
^ Oppel, Jr., Richard A. "Enron's Growing Financial Crisis Raises Doubts About Merger Deal." New York Times. November 21, 2001.
^ Oppel, Jr., and Richard A. and Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Enron's Collapse: The Overview." New York Times. November 29, 2001; McGeehan, Patrick. "Assessing the Role of the Financiers." New York Times. December 2, 2001.
^ Norris, Floyd. "Looking for Judgment On a Shattered Deal." New York Times. December 3, 2001.
^ "Dynegy to Pay Enron a $25 Million Settlement." New York Times. August 16, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Get Enron's Natural Gas Pipeline." New York Times. January 4, 2002.
^ Glater, Jonathan D. "Enron Agrees to Transfer Prized Pipeline to Dynegy." New York Times. January 5, 2002.
^ Morgenson, Gretchen. "Economy Is Surging, but Wall St. Is Down in the Dumps." New York Times. April 27, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Gets $900 Million Credit Line." New York Times. May 1, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Says S.E.C. Seeks Gas Inquiry." New York Times. May 9, 2002.
^ Atlas, Riva D. "Dynegy Faces New Questions Over 'Debt' of Partnership." New York Times. May 14, 2002.
^ Banerjee, Neela. "Dynegy's Chief Quits as Unrest Is Reshaping Energy Industry." New York Times. May 29, 2002.
^ a b "Dynegy May Find a Partner to Stabilize Energy Trading." New York Times. July 24, 2002.
^ Banerjee, Neela. "Disclosing Long-Term Contracts, Dynegy Worries Some Investors." New York Times. June 14, 2002.
^ "Dynegy's Chief Financial Officer Quits." New York Times. June 20, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Shuts Its Online Trading System." New York Times. June 21, 2002.
^ Feder, Barnaby J. "Dynegy Plans to Cut Dividend And Sell Assets to Raise Cash." New York Times. June 25, 2002.
^ "Company Briefs." New York Times. June 29, 2002.
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Berkshire to Buy a Gas Pipeline From Dynegy." New York Times. July 30, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Staves Off Bankruptcy With Sale of Pipeline." New York Times. August 17, 2002.
^ Barboza, David. "Ex-Executive Says Dynegy Asked His Help to Cook Books." New York Times. August 5, 2002.
^ Dynegy Says It Is Suspending Dividend Payments." New York Times. August 13, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Won't Seek New Interim Chairman." New York Times. September 4, 2002.
^ Barboza, David. "Dynegy to Pay $3 Million In Settlement With S.E.C." New York Times. September 25, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Fires 6 Energy Trades for False Prices." New York Times. October 19, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Pay $5 Million in Inquiry Into Fake Trades." New York Times. December 20, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Sell a Natural Gas Storage Site in Britain." New York Times. October 1, 2002.
^ Glater, Jonathan D. "Dynegy Says It Will Exit the Energy Trading Business." New York Times. October 17, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Lay Off 14% of Work Force." New York Times. October 22, 2002.
^ Romero, Simon. "Former Employees of Dynegy Face Charges of Fraud." New York Times. June 13, 2003.
^ "2 Ex-Employees Plead Guilty in Dynegy Case." New York Times. August 6, 2003.
^ Romero, Simon. "Stiff Sentence Is Possibility For a Name Not So Known." New York Times. March 24, 2004; Romero, Simon. "Ex-Executive Of Dynegy Is Sentenced to 24 Years." New York Times. March 26, 2004.
^ Romero, Simon. "Revision of 24-Year Prison Term Ordered in Accounting Fraud." New York Times. November 2, 2005; "Fraud Sentence Is Reduced for a Former Dynegy Accountant." New York Times. September 25, 2006.
^ "Former Executives Indicted." New York Times. December 11, 2003.
^ "Former Dynegy Executive Settles With S.E.C." New York Times. October 1, 2007.
^ Glater, Jonathan D. "Dynegy Agrees to Settlement of Suit by Its Shareholders." New York Times. April 16, 2005.
^ "Ex-Officer of Duke Energy Is Named Chief of Dynegy." New York Times. October 24, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Hires Ex-Shell Executive As Financial Officer." New York Times. December 3, 2002.
^ a b Mouawad, Jad. "Life in Energy, After Enron." New York Times. June 25, 2005.
^ "Dynegy Sells European Telecom Business to Klesch." New York Times. January 24, 2003.
^ "Dynegy Again Restates Income for 2001 and 2002." New York Times. February 15, 2003.
^ "Dynegy Agrees to Sell Share of Louisiana Gas Terminal." New York Times. February 19, 2003.
^ "Broadband Provider Will Acquire Dynegy Network." New York Times. April 1, 2003.
^ "Dynegy Strikes Deal for $1.66 Billion in Refinancing." New York Times. April 3, 2003; "ChevronTexaco Agrees to Restructure Dynegy Debt." New York Times. July 16, 2003; "Dynegy to Sell Debt in Private Placement." New York Times. October 1, 2003.
^ "Dynegy to Sell Illinois Power to Exelon." New York Times. November 4, 2003; "Ameren Agrees to Buy Illinois Utility From Dynegy." New York Times. February 4, 2004.
^ "Dynegy Allowed to Quit Contract." New York Times. January 18, 2003; "Dynegy and Southern Agree to Nullify Three Contracts." New York Times. April 24, 2003; "Dynegy Buys Out Electricity Contract." New York Times. January 6, 2004; "Dynegy Exits 4 Natural Gas Transportation Contracts." New York Times. July 15, 2004.
^ "Company Briefs." New York Times. March 25, 2004.
^ "Dynegy to Buy Exelon Unit for $135 Million." New York Times. November 3, 2004.
^ "Dynegy Must Spend $321 Million to Cut Emissions." New York Times. March 8, 2005.
^ "Dynegy Sets $2.3 Billion Merger." New York Times. September 15, 2006.
^ a b "Dynegy in $1.5 Billion Deal to Sell 8 Electricity Plants." Retuers. August 10, 2009.
^ "Chevron Plans Offering of Dynegy Stake." New York Times. May 22, 2007.
^ "Chevron's Profit Rises 24%, With Help From Its Refineries." Reuters. July 28, 2007.
^ "Dynegy and LS Power to Undo Joint Venture." New York Times. August 10, 2009.
^ Berringer, Felicity and Hakim, Danny. "New York Subpoenas 5 Energy Companies." New York Times. September 16, 2007.
^ "Dynegy to Warn Investors on Risks of Coal Burning." Associated Press. October 24, 2008.
^ Freifeld, Karen. "Dynegy Required to Disclose Climate Change Risks." Bloomberg Business News. October 23, 2008. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Blackstone, NRG To Carve Up Dynegy." Wall Street Journal. August 13, 2010, accessed 2012-07-06; de la Merced, Michael J. "Blackstone to Pay $4.7 Billion for Dynegy." New York Times. August 13, 2010, accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Seneca Seeks Proxy Fight at Dynegy." New York Times. November 11, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Kaplan, Thomas. "Icahn Raises His Stake In Dynegy to 12.9%." New York Times. November 13, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "DealBook Online." New York Times. November 12, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Blackstone Raises Offer For Dynegy." New York Times. November 17, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Blackstone Raises Its Offer for Dynegy." New York Times. November 16, 2010. Accessed 2012-07.06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Dynegy Postpones Vote on Blackstone Takeover Bid." New York Times. November 17, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Davidoff, Steven M. "Unusual Tactic." New York Times. November 19, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-6.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Ending Blackstone Talks, Dynegy Seeks New Buyer." New York Times. November 24, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Icahn Bids for Dynegy, After an Offer From Blackstone Is Rejected." New York Times. December 16, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "No Fresh Bidders for Dynegy." New York Times. January 25, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Ahmed, Azam. "Icahn Extends Offer Period for Dynegy." New York Times. January 26, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Seneca Pre-Emptively Rejects Dynegy Offer at $6 a Share." New York Times. January 26, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Dynegy Pleads With Shareholders to Take Icahn Deal." New York Times. February 11, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Ahmed, Azam. "Icahn Extends Dynegy Offer, Again." New York Times. February 14, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dynegy's Top Executives to Resign in Wake of Failed Deals." New York Times. February 21, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Roose, Kevin. "Dynegy Settles With Creditors." New York Times. April 4, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b de la Merced, Michael. "Hurt by Debt, Dynegy Says Bankruptcy Is a Possibility." New York Times. March 9, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dodgers, Dynegy, MF Global, Syms and Filene's: Bankruptcy." Bloomberg Business News. November 14, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Lubben, Stephen J. "What's Behind Dynegy's Unusual Bankruptcy." New York Times. November 8, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Steffy, Loren and Pickrell, Emily. "Dynegy Joins Subsidiary in Bankruptcy." Houston Chronicle. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ a b Checkler, Joseph and Stilwell, Victoria. "Dynegy Joins Subsidiary in Chapter 11, Sets Merger." Wall Street Journal. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Dynegy Hires Restructuring Advisers." New York Times. April 13, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Lubben, Stephen J. "Examiner Rules Dynegy Asset Transfer Was Fraudulent." New York Times. March 10, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Trustee Sought for Dynegy Bankruptcy." New York Times. March 12, 2012, accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dynegy Files for Bankruptcy Protection." Associated Press. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Ahmed, Azam. "Dynegy Files for Bankruptcy as Part of Settlement." New York Times. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Benoit, David. "Dynegy Files for Bankruptcy in Final Blow to Shareholders." Wall Street Journal. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ Crooks, Ed. "Embattled Dynegy files for Chapter 11." Financial Times. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ Chaudhuri, Saabira. "Dynegy Q2 Loss Widens On Coal-Segment Charge." Marketwatch.com. August 3, 2012. Accessed 2012-08-11.
^ a b Butler, Kelsey "Dynegy Holdings Plan Confirmed." Deal Pipeline. September 5, 2012.
^ Powers, Mary. "Dynegy Auctioning Two New York Power Plants Worth 1,693 MW." Platts. September 25, 2012. Accessed 2012-10-17.
^ Goldberg, Laura. "Dynegy Emerges From Bankruptcy, Stock to Return to Market." Houston Chronicle." October 2, 2012. Accessed 2012-10-17.
^ "Freedom Stations Get the Go-Ahead." Chico News-Review. November 15, 2012.
^ Daugherty, Deon. "Dynegy COO Kevin Howell Resigns." Houston Business Journal. January 8, 2013.
^ Pythress, Katherine. "Implosion Reduces Power Plant to Scrap Heap." San Diego Union-Tribune. February 3, 2013.
^ Wolf, Craig. "Dynegy Workers on Strike in Newburgh." Poughkeepsie Journal. November 9, 2012.
^ Bradshaw, Sarah. "Union Workers and Schools Left in Lurch by Dynegy." Poughkeepsie Journal. December 1, 2012.
^ a b Gruen, Abby. "Dynegy Sells Roseton, Danskammer Plants in New York." SNL Energy M&A Review. January 1, 2013.
^ Prezioso, Jeanine and DiSavino, Scott. "Castleton Acquires N.Y. Power Plant From Dynegy." Reuters Hedgeworld. May 1, 2013.
^ Poszywak, Amy. "Dynegy Asks Bankruptcy Court to Force Power Plant Sale Along." SNL Power Daily with Market Report. May 30, 2013.
^ Butler, Kelsey. "Judge Approves Dynegy Plant Sale." The Deal Pipeline. September 3, 2013.
^ Barr, Diana. "Ameren to Sell Merchant Generation Unit to Dynegy." St. Louis Business Journal. March 14, 2013. Accessed 2013-03-21.
^ a b Boshart, Glen. "Dynegy Bid to Buy Ameren's Merchant Plants Makes Its Way to FERC." SNL Power Daily with Market Report. April 18, 2013.
^ a b Yeagle, Patrick. "Shell Game." Illinois Times. September 19, 2013.
^ "Dynegy to Launch Debt Package." Project Finance. April 2013; Gruen, Abby. "Dynegy's $1.8B Refi Will Remake Capital Structure." SNL Electric Utility Report. April 8, 2013.
^ Daugherty, Deon. "Dynegy Closes $1.3B Term Loan Facilities." Houston Business Journal. April 23, 2013.
^ Eaton, Collin. "Dynegy Pays Off Term Loan With $500M in Senior Notes." Houston Business Journal. May 21, 2013.
^ Boshart, Glen. "Dynegy's Bid to Buy Ameren's Merchant Plants Gets Bogged Down at FERC." SNL Power Daily with Market Report. July 29, 2013.
^ McMahon, Bobby. "Sierra Club Seeks More Information on Ameren Deal, Raising Concerns About Local Impacts." Inside F.E.R.C. August 26, 2013.
^ Ryan, Molly. "Dynegy Hits a Roadblock in Ameren Acquisition." Houston Business Journal. June 7, 2013.
^ "Dynegy Seeks Pollution Waiver in Ameren Purchase." Associated Press. July 24, 2013.
^ a b Tomich, Jeffrey. "Pollution Waiver May Decide Fate of Illinois Coal Plants." St. Louis Post-Dispatch. September 13, 2013.
^ a b Finke, Doug. "Pollution Board Weighs Delay For Ameren Plants." Kewanee Star-Courier. September 18, 2013.
^ a b "AFL-CIO Pushes For Waiver For Illinois Plants." Associated Press. September 17, 2013.
^ "Dynegy Rejects Foresight Energy's Plan." St. Louis Business Journal. September 19, 2013.
^ a b c Wernau, Julie. "Power Play for Ill. Coal." Chicago Tribune. September 22, 2013.
^ Rebecca Smith (22 August 2014). "Dynegy to Nearly Double Capacity With $6.25 Billion in Deals". WSJ. 
^ "Acquisitions power Dynegy back into top tier of generators". Houston Chronicle. 


External links[edit]

Dynegy corporate website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dynegy&oldid=788849392"					
Categories: Power companies of the United StatesNatural gas companies of the United StatesCompanies based in HoustonCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisNorsk bokmål 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 3 July 2017, at 21:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Dynegy - Wikipedia






















 






Dynegy

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Dynegy Inc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Dynegy Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DYN


Industry
Energy (Electrical power industry)


Founded
1984


Headquarters
Houston, Texas, United States



Area served

USA (6 states)[1]



Key people

Thomas W. Elward, interim chairman;
Robert C. Flexon, interim chief executive officer;
Kevin Howell, executive vice president and chief operating officer;
Clint Freeland, executive vice president and chief financial officer[2]


Products
Natural Gas (discontinued after 2005);[3]
Electricity generation



Number of employees

1,262 (as of December 31, 2011; 274 at corporate headquarters and 988 at facilities)[4]


Website
www.dynegy.com






601 Travis houses the headquarters of Dynegy


Dynegy Inc. is an electric company based in Houston, Texas, in the United States. It owns and operates a number of power stations in the U.S., all of which are natural gas-fueled or coal-fueled. The company is located at 601 Travis Street in Downtown Houston.[5] The company was founded in 1984 as Natural Gas Clearinghouse. It was originally an energy brokerage, buying and selling natural gas supplies. It changed its name to NGC Corporation in 1995 after entering the electrical power generation business.
The company adopted the name Dynegy in 1998. It attempted to buy the Enron energy trading firm in 2001, but disengaged from the proposed acquisition due to the scandal at Enron. Dynegy nearly went bankrupt in 2002, and several executives were eventually convicted of financial fraud and mismanagement. Dynegy exited the energy trading business in 2002 and the natural gas supply business in 2005, focusing its efforts on electrical generation. The company has one major subsidiary, Dynegy Holdings. It also has three operating subsidiaries: GasCo, CoalCo, and the "stub group" (for other miscellaneous business enterprises).
Dynegy Inc. was the subject of two unsuccessful takeover efforts in 2010. Its Dynegy Holdings subsidiary went bankrupt in November 2011, and Dynegy Inc. itself filed for bankruptcy protection on July 6, 2012. Its GasCo and CoalCo subsidiaries were unaffected by the bankruptcy filing. Dynegy emerged from bankruptcy on October 2, 2012.



Contents


1 Corporate predecessors

1.1 Natural Gas Clearinghouse
1.2 NGC Corporation


2 Dynegy history

2.1 Growth
2.2 Near-bankruptcy of 2002
2.3 Recovery and restructuring
2.4 Takeover battles


3 2012 bankruptcy
4 Post-bankruptcy

4.1 Roseton and Danskammer sales
4.2 Ameren purchase
4.3 2014 acquisitions


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



Corporate predecessors[edit]




Transco Tower (now known as Williams Tower) in Houston, the original headquarters of Dynegy in 1984.


Natural Gas Clearinghouse[edit]
Natural Gas Clearinghouse (NGC) was created in 1985 by Charles Watson;[6] a consortium of natural gas pipeline companies that included Transco; investment bank Morgan Stanley; and the legal firm of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld. A major investor was Kenneth Lay, later the chief executive officer of the energy firm Enron.[7] Its first headquarters was on the 40th floor of the Transco Tower in Houston, Texas.[8] NGC was so successful that in 1985 Morgan Stanley bought out some of the other investors and took a majority stake in the company.[7]
NGC was purchased by Noble Affiliates, Inc. and Apache Corporation, independent oil and gas exploration and production companies, for a reported $50 million in 1989.[9] In 1993, LG&E Energy Corporation took a stake in NGC, which by then was the largest independent natural gas marketing firm in the United States and had revenues of more than US$2 billion.[10] NGC purchased Trident NGL in 1994 in a deal worth more than $750 million.[11] That same year, it also established a partnership with Nova (also known as Novagas Clearinghouse, a natural gas marketing company based in Canada) and British Gas, which gave both companies a financial stake in NGC.[12]
NGC Corporation[edit]
Natural Gas Clearinghouse shortened its name to NGC Corporation in 1995 after its merger with Trident NGL closed. It became a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange that same year.[13] By 1996, it had grown to US$550 million in assets, and carried US$525 million in long-term debt.[14] NGC Corporation also established several subsidiaries to enable it to enter the electrical generation, marketing, and sales areas. Electric Clearinghouse sold electricity, and the Energy Store marketed it. In August 1996, it purchased the natural gas gathering, marketing, and processing operations of Chevron Corporation.[15] The latter deal gave Chevron a 29 percent stake in NGC.[16] NGC followed that deal by buying Destec Energy for US$1.27 billion. The deal required NGC Corporation to sell Destec's power generation subsidiaries in Australia, Canada, the Dominican Republic, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom for US$407 million, although NGC Corporation retained Destec's 20 domestic gas-fired power plants.[15]
Dynegy history[edit]
Growth[edit]
In June 1998, NGC Corporation changed its name to Dynegy, Inc. The company's original slogan was "We believe in people."[17] Nova announced two months later that it was seeking to sell its stake in Dynegy.[18] Dynegy bought Illinova Corporation in 1999 in a deal worth US$1.75 billion and the assumption of US$2.25 billion of Illinova Corp. debt. The deal also allowed Nova and British Gas to sell their stake in Dynegy.[16]
Dynegy also began branching into areas outside natural gas and electrical generation. In August 2000, the company announced that it had purchased Extant Inc., a broadband provider building a nationwide fiber optic network, for US$152.5 million.[19]
Dynegy, along with Enron, El Paso Corporation, Reliant Energy, and several other energy companies, was accused of price manipulation and other fraudulent practices during the California electricity crisis in 2000 and 2001.[20] The case against Dynegy was dismissed in 2003.[21]
In 2001, Dynegy made a white knight US$8 billion takeover bid for Enron, which was saddled with $13 billion in debt and whose stock had plummeted.[22] The deal began unraveling two weeks later as Enron revealed even larger financial losses and more debt than previously reported.[23] Dynegy withdrew its merger offer on November 28.[24] Enron sued Dynegy on December 2, the day after Enron declared bankruptcy.[25] (The lawsuit was settled in August 2002 after Dynegy agreed to pay Enron US$25 million for backing out of the deal.)[26] Enron attempted to sell off assets in an effort to stay afloat. On January 3, 2002, Dynegy successfully acquired Enron's Northern Natural Gas Company pipeline.[27] NNGC was Enron's most lucrative pipeline asset and had been put up as collateral in return for Dynegy providing financing to Enron during merger talks.[28]
Near-bankruptcy of 2002[edit]




Wells Fargo Plaza in Houston, the headquarters of Dynegy as of 2011. The company moved out in 2012.


Dynegy came close to bankruptcy in 2002. Investor pressure on energy stocks in the wake of the Enron collapse pushed Dynegy's stock price down 42 percent by late April. The company also admitted on April 26 that it made a large accounting error on a fuel contract, which further depressed the stock price 22 percent. Moody's Investors Service announced it was reviewing all US$4 billion of Dynegy debt.[29] In financial distress, Dynegy successfully applied for a US$900 million line of credit.[30] On May 1, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission opened a formal investigation into how Dynegy's "Project Alpha", an internal corporate initiative that allegedly inflated income from natural gas transactions and illegally structured business partnerships to avoid income.[31] Two weeks later, the New York Times reported that Dynegy's Illinova subsidiary was part of the investigation. Illinova had formed a joint partnership named Catlin in January 2000 with a little-known investment company named Black Thunder. Catlin took over some of Illinova's electrical generating assets. Although Black Thunder put up almost 90 percent of the money to form Catlin, Dynegy was required to buy out Black Thunder's investment or sell off the assets if Catlin did not earn a specified high rate of return.[32] On May 28, Dynegy founder, president, and chief executive officer Charles Watson resigned.[33] Dynegy Inc. chairman Dan Dienstbier was named interim CEO.[34] In mid-June, Dynegy reported that its first quarter income had fallen 80 percent. It also admitted that it had signed long-term power contracts that would not produce revenue for years to come. But it had charged the income to the current year's revenues in an attempt to bolster its bottom line.[35] On June 19, Dynegy's chief financial office, Rob Doty, resigned.[36] The following day, Dynegy shut down its online energy trading system.[37]
Dynegy was quickly approaching bankruptcy by late June 2002. On June 25, the company announced it would sell off assets in an attempt to raise US$2 billion in cash.[38] Moody's downgraded the rating of the company's bonds to "junk" status on June 28.[39] Dynegy announced it might need a financial partner to help it stabilize. After the July 23 announcement, the company's shares dropped 64 percent.[34] Desperate for cash, Dynegy sold the Northern Natural Gas Company to MidAmerican Energy Holdings for $928 million on July 29 ($572 less than it paid for it).[40] The sale saved Dynegy from bankruptcy.[41]
Although Dynegy avoided bankruptcy, the fallout from the company's accounting practices continued throughout 2002. In August, former Dynegy controller and chief accounting officer Bradley P. Farnsworth sued the company, saying he'd been fired after refusing to help manipulate the company's financial statements in the summer of 2000.[42] The company suspended its dividend on August 12.[43] On September 3, interim chairman Glenn F. Tilton resigned in order to become chief executive officer of United Airlines.[44] On September 24, Dynegy announced that it had agreed to pay a US$3 million fine for using the Catlin company and other business partnerships to hide losses and taxable income. It also admitted that it had engaged in "round-trip" trades, phony natural gas and electricity trades designed to mislead investors and other companies about the success of Dynegy's online trading operation.[45] The company later fired five traders after the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) discovered that Dynegy energy traders had supplied false prices to industry trade publications.[46] The company later paid a US$5 million fine to the CFTC.[47] Still needing cash, Dynegy sold its Hornsea natural gas storage site in the United Kingdom to help pay the fine.[48]
Dynegy shuttered its online energy trading business for good on October 16, 2002.[49] The closure led Dynegy to lay off 14 percent of its workforce, which left it with just 4,600 employees.[50]
Several Dynegy executives were later convicted or indicted for their roles in Dynegy's near-collapse. In June 2003, Jamie Olis (former Senior Director of Tax Planning), Gene Foster (former Vice President for Taxation), and Helen Sharkey (a former employee in Dynegy's risk control and deal structure groups), were indicted on numerous counts of mail and wire fraud. According to court documents, the three employees conceived of a plan in early 2001 to borrow money but make it look like operational revenue. A corporation known as ABG Gas Supply was created. ABG secured loans from Citigroup, Credit Suisse First Boston, and Deutsche Bank to buy natural gas at market prices. ABG then sold this gas at a discount to Dynegy, which resold it at market prices and booked a $300 million profit. ABG then bought natural gas at market prices, and sold it at a premium to Dynegy. The profits ABG booked were then used to repay the loans. Prosecutors accused Olis, Foster, and Sharkey of deceiving auditors, regulators, and other company executives regarding the transactions.[51] Foster and Sharkey plead guilty two months later.[52] Olis was found guilty in March 2004, and sentenced to 24 years in prison.[53] (A year later, after a U.S. Supreme Court ruling in a different case held that mandatory sentencing guidelines violated the Constitution, Olis' sentence was reduced to just six years in prison.)[54] In December 2003, three former executives at Nicor Energy LLC (a joint venture of Dynegy and Nicor), were indicted for illegally manipulating that firm's income by US$11 million in 2001 to hide losses.[55] Former chief financial officer Robert Doty agreed to pay a $376,650 fine in October 2007 for his role in helping to conceal the ABG Gas Supply scheme.[56]
Shareholders, too, were unhappy with Dynegy's actions during the financial crisis. A class action lawsuit was filed against the company in 2002. In April 2005, Dynegy agreed to settle the lawsuit. Shareholders would be paid a total of US$468 million. To come up with the money, Dynegy paid out $250 million in cash and issued $68 million in stock to the plaintiffs. Its insurance companies paid another $150 million to the plaintiffs.[57]
Recovery and restructuring[edit]
On October 23, 2002, Dynegy hired Bruce Williamson, a former Duke Energy executive, as its chief executive officer.[58] Six weeks later, Dynegy hired Nick J. Caruso, a former chief financial officer at Royal Dutch Shell, as its new chief financial officer.[59]
Williamson began a program of cost cutting, elimination of unprofitable businesses, and financial restructuring. As Williamson later told the New York Times in June 2005, "We had businesses in trading, in marketing, in broadband communications, in Europe, in communications as far as China. What we have done is very systematically sell those off, shut down offices and concentrate on the two businesses that looked like we had a competitive advantage."[60] Dynegy sold its telecommunications business in Europe in January 2003,[61] restated its income for 2001 and 2002,[62] sold a natural gas terminal in Louisiana,[63] sold its telecommunications business in North America in April 2003,[64] engaged in a US$1.6 billion refinancing and other restructuring of its debt,[65] sold its Illinois Power Company subsidiary to Ameren,[66] and nullified a number of contracts in non-core or money-losing areas.[67] In March 2004, Wiliamson was named chairman of the company, succeeding Dan Dienstbier (who retired).[68]
Dynegy undertook a strategy to move into coal-fired and hydroelectric electrical generation in 2004, and out of natural gas distribution and trading. In November 2004, the company acquired four natural gas-fired and four hydroelectric power generation plants in the Northeast United States.[69] In March 2005, it agreed to settle a 1999 dispute with the Environmental Protection Agency by spending US$321 million to repair and upgrade coal-fired generating plants in Illinois to reduce pollutants.[70] In mid-2005, Dynegy hired Credit Suisse First Boston to assist it in finding a buyer for its natural gas transmission businesses.[60] The sale of this business came quickly: In August 2005, Dynegy sold this business to Targa Resources, a company owned by private equity firm Warburg Pincus.[3]
In September 2006, Dynegy and LS Power Group agreed to a joint venture in a deal worth US$2.3 billion. Under the terms of the agreemnent, Dynegy gave LS Power a 40 percent stake in Dynegy itself while LS Power contributed 10 of its power plants.[71] Dynegy also agreed to create a 245 million new Class B shares, which it turned over to LS Power.[72] In May 2007, ChevronTexaco announced it was selling its 12 percent stake in Dynegy to the public.[73] The sale netted ChevronTexaco US$680 million by July.[74] The joint venture did not last, however. In August 2009, LS Power agreed to buy nine electrical generating plants from Dynegy for US$1.025 billion in cash in order to dissolve the joint venture.[75] Part of the reason for the joint venture's demise was another collapse in Dynegy's share price. Dynegy's shares fell 80 percent in the two years after the deal closed, and the company posted a large $345 million loss in the second quarter of 2009. LS Power also agreed to return all its Class B shares, so that Dynegy would only have 95 million shares of common stock outstanding. The dissolution of the joint venture left LS Power with a 15 percent stake in Dynegy.[72]
Dynegy's move into coal-powered electrical generation was not without controversy. In September 2007, New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo sued Dynegy and other utilities, arguing that the companies were not properly accounting for the financial risks that pollutants from coal-fired generating plants created.[76] After a year of negotiations and legal maneuvering, Dynegy agreed to issue statements to its current and future investors warning that government regulation of carbon emissions and lawsuits over pollution could pose financial risks to the company.[77] Its move into coal-fired electrical generation led the National Environmental Trust, an environmental group, to derisively call Dynegy the "king of coal" in 2008.[78]
Takeover battles[edit]
On August 13, 2010, the Blackstone Group announced plans to purchase Dynegy for US$4.7 billion. As part of the deal, NRG Energy would acquire four natural gas plants in California and Maine for US$1.36 Billion.[79] Seneca Capital, Dynegy's largest shareholder, fought the purchase in a proxy fight.[80] Dynegy investor Carl Icahn also promised a proxy battle, arguing that Blackstone Group's offer was too low. Icahn raised his stake in Dynegy to 12.9 percent in preparation for the shareholder fight.[81] Seneca Capital nominated former railroad executive E. Hunter Harrison and former energy company executive Jeff D. Hunter for the Dynegy board of directors, challenging Bruce Williamson and David Biegler (a Williamson ally).[82]
A series of maneuvers followed. Dynegy executives said the offer was a good one, as the deal would give Dynegy access to lines of credit which would enable it to refinance and restructure its debt. With energy prices at cyclical lows, the company said it lacked the resources to do so and that its debt burden was destabilizing. Blackstone Group initially said it would not offer more than US$4.50 per share,[83] but then revised its offer later that day to US$5.00 a share.[84] Worried that it did not have enough shareholder support to accept the Blackstone Group offer, Dynegy proposed postponing its shareholder meeting a few days to November 23,[85] but postponement did not occur. Legal counsel advised that Delaware law (under which Dynegy was incorporated) considered a postponement a new meeting, and that would require notifying shareholders (again) and giving at least 20 days' notice. Furthermore, Dynegy's proxy rules did not make it clear that a proxy remained in effect in the event of a postponement (which could lead to lawsuits). Legal counsel also believed that Dynegy management would be forced refile resolution with shareholders and resolicit votes, which would delay a meeting until early 2011.[86] During the shareholder meeting, management's fears proved accurate. On November 19, Dynegy was forced to recess its shareholder meeting in an attempt to garner more support for the Blackstone bid. (Dynegy was unable to adjourn the meeting because its bylaws did not clearly provide for adjournment to another date, and because it was unclear that adjournment could occur without a shareholder vote—a vote the board felt it would lose.)[86] During the four-day recess, Dynegy executives said the company would continue to solicit a takeover even if the Blackstone Group bid failed. On November 23, 2010, Dynegy management and Blackstone agreed to call off the takeover after it became clear there was not enough support for the US$5.00 a share bid.[87]
On December 15, 2010, Icahn offered a US$5.50 a share cash bid for Dynegy.[88] Dynegy's board asked for other bids, but none emerged.[89] But Icahn, too, found little support among shareholders. He extended his offer by two weeks on January 25, 2011.[90] That same day, Seneca Capital said it would not even entertain a US$6.00 a share bid.[91] Dynegy's board urged shareholders to accept the Icahn bid, or risk bankruptcy.[92] But by mid-February, even those investors willing to accept the Icahn bid had rescinded these offers. Icahn extended his offer by few days.[93] The Icahn bid, too, collapsed.
On February 20, 2011, Bruce Williamson resigned as Dynegy's chairman, and announced he would step down as chief executive officer on March 11. Chief financial officer Holli C. Nichols also said she would resign as chief financial officer on March 11 as well. Board member Thomas W. Elward was named interim chairman, and Robert C. Flexon was appointed interim president and chief executive officer.[94][95] Harrison was elected to the board of directors. Also elected to the board were Vincent J. Intrieri, Senior Managing Director of Icahn Capital, and Samuel J. Merksamer, an investment analyst for Icahn Capital.[96]
2012 bankruptcy[edit]
The takeover bids all came after one of Dynegy's largest subsidiaries filed for bankruptcy. On November 7, 2011 Dynegy Holdings, the largest of Dynegy Inc.'s four subsidiaries, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.[97]
The bankruptcy was a novel one. Dynegy had structured itself so that Dynegy Inc. (the holding company) had little debt. Nearly all the debt was held by its subsidiary, Dynegy Holdings, which also guaranteed debt for the operating divisions. Dynegy Inc. created three operating divisions: the natural gas group (GasCo), the coal group (CoalCo), and a group for all other businesses (known as "the stub group"). GasCo and CoalCo were structured so that they would be little affected by any bankruptcy filing by either Dynegy Inc. or Dynegy Holdings. Part of the structure meant that few of the natural GasCo's and CoalCo's dividends were given to Dynegy Holdings. To separate Dynegy Holdings from Dynegy Inc., Dynegy Holdings was transformed from a corporation into a limited liability company (LLC). This legal maneuver took advantage of a Delaware Supreme Court ruling which made it difficult for creditors to sue an LLC's board of directors for failing to uphold their fiduciary duty. Finally, GasCo and CoalCo sold themselves to Dynegy Inc., which left Dynegy Holdings holding US$1.25 billion in debt but without the ability to seize the assets of GasCo and CoalCo in the event of a default. Under the structure adopted by Dynegy Inc., the company could meet its debt obligations to Dynegy Holdings by paying cash or by forgiving debt. This provided an incentive for Dynegy Inc. to withhold payment and force Dynegy Holdings to declare bankruptcy (thereby reducing the value of the debt and making it easier to pay off).[98]
The restructuring plan put Dynegy's assets which had the worst financial performance into the hands of Dynegy Holdings.[99] The goal was to protect Dynegy's secured creditors at the expense of its unsecured creditors. The plan had already generated one lawsuit. In 2011, U.S. Bancorp, representing bondholders whose investment was secured by leases of two Dynegy power plants new Newburgh, New York (the Danskammer Generating Station and the Roseton Generating Station).[100]
On March 8, 2011, Dynegy submitted financial filings with government regulators warning investors that it faced bankruptcy if it could not restructure its debt.[96] The company announced a month later that it had hired the restructuring firm Lazard and the law firm White & Case to advise it on debt restructuring. Vincent Intrieri was named chair of the boards finance and restructuring committee.[101]
On March 9, 2012, the November 2011 bankruptcy of Dynegy Holdings ran into difficulty. An examiner appointed by the United States bankruptcy court found that the Dynegy Inc.'s purchase of CoalCo was fraudulent. The examiner found that Dynegy Holdings was already bankrupt at the time the sale took place, and therefore constituted a breach of fiduciary duty by the Dynegy Holdings board of directors. This allowed the Dynegy Holdings board of directors to sue the Dynegy Inc. board of directors for damages (which could run into the billions of dollars). This threw the Dynegy Holdings bankrutpcy filing into doubt, and put Dynegy Inc. on the hook for billions in debt.[102] The bankruptcy court trustee said she would sue on behalf of Dynegy Holdings to recover these debts.[103]
The bankruptcy court examiner's finding quickly led to the bankruptcy of Dynegy Inc. itself. On April 3, 2012, Dynegy Inc. announced that it had reached an agreement with the U.S. bankruptcy trustee, the board of directors of Dynegy Holdings, and its other creditors. The agreement, which affected US$2.25 billion in debt, gave all creditors 99 percent of the stock of Dynegy Inc. once it emerged from bankruptcy. Existing shareholders would get just 1 percent of the stock in the new company, with warrants enabling them to buy up to 13.5 of common stock at a set price over the next five years.[95] Accordingly, Dynegy Inc. filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on July 5, 2012.[104] The bankrutpcy plan filed by Dynegy Inc. also called for a merger with Dynegy Holdings. The bankruptcy filing did not, however, affect GasCo, CoalCo, or the "stub group", and allowed the Dynegy Holdings bankruptcy to proceed.[105] Dynegy's stock was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange following the bankruptcy filing.[106] U.S. Bancorp agreed to drop its lawsuit against the company in exchange for a $540 million claim against the company in bankruptcy court. The bondholders represented by U.S. Bancorp would also get a further US$31 million if the Danskammer and Roseton plants are sold.[100]
As part of its bankruptcy filing, Dynegy moved its corporate headquarters. In November 2011, the company signed a lease for new principal offices in an office building at 601 Travis Street in Houston. (It occupied these quarters early July 2012.) Dynegy continued to hold leases on several floors of the Wells Fargo Plaza, however. As part of its bankruptcy filing, the bankruptcy court approved a new lease in which Dynegy would abandon 130,000 square feet (12,000 m2) of space at Wells Fargo Plaza. The company asked the court to cancel its lease on the remaining 50,000 square feet (4,600 m2) as well.[5]
Dynegy said it hoped to hold a vote on August 24, at which time its creditors would approve the bankruptcy plan. A court hearing on the creditor-approved bankruptcy plan would then be held September 5, after which the company said it would emerge from bankruptcy protection.[107]
Dynegy Inc. posted a second-quarter 2012 loss of $1.06 billion, an increase to $8.65 per share from 95 cents per share a year ago. The company blamed, among other things, markedly lower demand for its electricity, much lower prices for its coal, and a $941 million noncash loss caused by the transfer of its coal unit to Dynegy Holdings. The company also said it now hoped to emerge from bankruptcy in September 2012.[108]
Dynegy agreed to auction off its Roseton and Danskammer energy plants in New York state in order to emerge from bankruptcy. Dynegy had signed a sale-leaseback agreement in 2001 with Public Services Enterprise Group for the Roseton and Danskammer facilities. Fifty percent of the proceeds from the auction would be used to pay bondholders (up to $571 million), while the remaining 50 percent would be used to pay unsecured creditors.[109] The unsecured creditors would get $200 million in cash.[110] Unsecured creditors also would receive 99 percent of Dynegy's new stock, with the company retaining the rest (with warrants to purchase 13.5 percent of the stock after five years). Dynegy also agreed to pay holders of $206 million in subordinated capital income securities just $55 million in principal and $16 million in interest to settle their claims. The bankruptcy agreement also settled claims between Dynegy Holdings and Dynegy, Inc.[109]
Dynegy emerged from bankruptcy on October 2, 2012, and its shares began trading on October 3 under the "DYN" symbol.[111]
Post-bankruptcy[edit]
On November 5, 2012, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission settled a decade-old lawsuit which alleged that Dynegy had manipulated the California energy market. While the lawsuit continued, Dynegy sold its California subsidiary to NRG Energy, Inc. NRG Energy subsequently agreed to pay $20 million in refunds to consumers as well as spend more than $100 million to install 200 public fast-charging electric vehicle stations and 10,000 plug-in stations throughout California. Twenty percent of the stations were required to be in low-income neighborhoods.[112]
On January 4, 2013, Dynegy's Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Howell, resigned. Howell continued as a consultant to the company, and agreed to stay on until a successor was named in order to provide an orderly transition.[113]
On February 2, 2013, Dynegy's South Bay Power Plant in San Diego, California, was imploded. The demolition of the 165-foot (50 m) smokestacks of the outmoded plant was watched by more than 1,000 people.[114]
Roseton and Danskammer sales[edit]
The sale of the Roseton and Danskammer plants—a condition of Dynegy's emergence from bankruptcy—proceeded slowly. On November 8, 2012, members of International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) Local 320 struck the Roseton and Danskammer plants after a contract extension expired and Dynegy continued to seek cuts in retirement benefits.[115] Dynegy's bankruptcy also left $17 million in unpaid property taxes in Dutchess County, New York. This created a budget crisis in the county which threatened to close local schools and create severe cutbacks in county services.[116] On December 10, 2012, Dynegy announced it would sell the Roseton plant to Louis Dreyfus Highbridge Energy for $19.5 million in cash.[117] The sale closed on April 30, 2013.[118]
The Danskammer plant sale was far more troubled. The plant was heavily damaged by Hurricane Sandy in October 2012, rendering it inoperable. On December 10, Dynegy said that ICS NY Holdings would buy the plant for $3.5 million and demolish it.[117] But the ICS sale stalled. Under the terms of the auction, ICS NY had to replace or find a substitute for its credit support agreement, and pay its portion of the plant's outstanding property taxes. But, Dynegy said, the company never did either. ICS defended itself, saying it was making every economically feasible effort to replace the credit agreement. On May 25, 2013, Dynegy filed suit with the bankruptcy court to force ICA to fulfill its obligations.[119] The court imposed a July 31 deadline for ICS to close the sale, but it did not meet the deadline. Dynegy subsequently sought another buyer. Helios Power Capital, a private equity firm, agreed to purchase the plant for $3.5 million in cash on August 20. The court approved the sale on September 2.[120]
Ameren purchase[edit]
In mid-March 2013, Dynegy purchased three electric generating subsidiaries of Ameren, an Illinois power company. The deal, worth $900 million, involved Ameren's Ameren Energy Generating Co. (Genco); Genco's controlling interest in Electric Energy Inc.; AmerenEnergy Resources Generating Co.; and Ameren Energy Marketing Co. Dynegy formed a subsidiary, Illinois Power Holdings (IPH), to purchase the Ameren subsidiaries. No cash changed hands; rather, IPH agreed to assume $825 million in debt owed by Genco and the other subsidiaries. Ameren also transferred about $180 million in tax benefits the three subsidiaries would have received in 2015. Ameren retained Genco's inactive Hutsonville and Meredosia plants, and agreed to buy back from IPH for $133 million three natural gas electrical generating plants. Dynegy agreed to honor the union collective bargaining agreements in force at all plants.[121] Under the deal, Dynegy acquired five coal-fired generating plants: Coffeen in Coffeen, Illinois; Duck Creek in Canton, Illinois; E.D. Edwards in Bartonville, Illinois; Joppa in Joppa, Illinois; and Newton in Newton, Illinois.[122][123]
As the deal worked its way through state and federal regulatory approval, Dynegy took advantage of low interest rates and refinanced its debt. The company obtained $1.3 billion in term loan B facilities and $500 million in revolving credit. The company used this income to retire an $800 million, seven-year line of credit and a $500 million, two-year line of credit. Dynegy agreed that the revolving credit line would be paid off and terminate within five years.[124] Two syndicated loans made up the $1.3 billion loan package. The $800 million loan and the $500 million loan were both due in 2020.[125] This left Dynegy with $1.28 billion in lines of credit and $500 million in outstanding bonds.[126]
The Ameren plants-for-debt swap also ran into trouble. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) had to approve the deal and ensure that there was no negative impact on consumers from Dynegy's expanding market share in the Midwest. But on April 16, FERC said that the studies submitted by Dynegy and Ameren were inadequate, and it ordered the two firms to rerun the studies and report back to FERC by July 14.[122] On July 16, FERC again declined to approve or disapprove the Dynegy-Ameren deal. The agency said that it Dynegy's study showed it charging market rates for energy in the Midwest. But FERC said it worried that transmission bottlenecks in the area would permit Dynegy to charge much more. Furthermore, federal regulators were considering an expansion in the market area IPH could serve. FERC asked Dynegy to provide additional information on transmission limitations and market area expansion.[127] In August, the Sierra Club formally filed opposition to the Dynegy-Ameren deal. The environmental group said the transmission bottleneck issue gave Dynegy too much market power. It also argued that Dynegy and Ameren had submitted only regional market power data, and had not accounted for local impacts (which could be very severe).[128]
Another obstacle emerged on June 6. Ameren was required to install pollution-reducing equipment on its five coal-fired generating plants in 2015. But because Ameren was in financial difficulty, it sought and received a waiver from the state of Illinois granting it a five-year delay. Ameren sought to transfer this delay to Dynegy, so that Dynegy would not have to immediately install the devices until 2020, either. But the Illinois Pollution Control Board denied Ameren's request.[129] Dynegy filed its own request for a five-year waiver in July, and warned that the Ameren deal would fall apart if it did not receive the waiver. But the Sierra Club, the Environmental Law and Policy Center, and other environmental groups said Dynegy had the resources to install the equipment, and opposed a waiver.[130][131][132] ACM Partners, a financial firm hired by the Sierra Club, also argued that Dynegy purposefully left IPH significantly underfunded and unable to tap into the parent company's resources.[123] Dynegy disagreed, but the firm warned that if IPH went bankrupt, workers would lose pensions and local communities would have to pay for any environmental remediation.[131] The Illinois AFL-CIO, however, supported Dynegy's request on September 16, saying that local jobs depended on the waiver.[132][133] The pollution board said it would make a decision by November 2013.[133] Foresight Energy, a major Illinois coal mining company, said it would install the $500 million anti-pollution devices for free if Dynegy agreed to sign a long-term contract to accept coal only from Foresight Energy. Dynegy declined the offer (in part because it already has long-term coal contracts),[134][135] and environmental groups opposed it.[135]
There was some speculation by financial analysts that the Dynegy-Ameren deal was a poor one. Julien Dumoulin-Smith, executive director of UBS Investment Research, said Dynegy is far more likely to shutter all five coal-powered plants rather than add pollution control devices. Dumoulin-Smith pointed out that the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued final rules on sulfur dioxide emissions that go into effect in July 2018. Because the Edwards plant is in an area of low air quality, EPA is likely to force Dynegy to close the plant anyway. The remaining four plants are borderline cases with the exception of Duck Creek Station which spent nearly US$800m on sulfur dioxide removal, and may also be forced to close if EPA regulations tighten in the future (a highly likely possibility, he said).[135]
2014 acquisitions[edit]
On August 22, 2014, Dynegy announced a deal involving two interdependent transactions to be executed simultaneously.[136] Dynegy acquired Duke’s Midwest Generation assets and retail business for $2.8 billion in cash, and the power generating assets of EquiPower Resources for $3.45 billion, with $3.35 billion in cash and $100 million in stock. This increased the company's generating capacity from 13000 MW to nearly 26000 MW.[137]
See also[edit]


Houston portal
Companies portal
Energy portal



Coal power in the United States

References[edit]


^ "Dynegy Generation Facilities." Dynegy. 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dynegy: A Company Review." Dynegy. June 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Hem, Brad. "Targa Is a Youngster With a Precocious Streak. Houston Chronicle. May 17, 2007. Accessed 2012-07-06; "Big Energy Mergers in U.S. and Canada." Bloomberg Business News. August 3, 2005. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Dynegy Inc. Form 10-K. March 8, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Heschmeyer, Mark. "Dynegy Bails on 181,000-SF Houston Office Lease." CoStar Group News. July 11, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ NGC Corporation Changes Name to Dynegy Inc.
^ a b Fox, Loren. Enron: The Rise and Fall. New York: Wiley, 2003, p. 12.
^ Hershey, Jr., Robert D. "Scrambling for Profits in a Gas Glut." New York Times. December 30, 1984.
^ "Noble and Apache to Buy Marketer." New York Times. April 5, 1989.
^ Salpukas, Agis. "How a Staid Electric Company Becomes a Renegade." New York Times. December 12, 1993.
^ "Trident NGL Agrees to be Acquired in $337 Million Deal." New York Times. August 5, 1994.
^ Hoover's Gandbook of American Business 2008. Austin, Tex.: Hoovers, 2007, p. 301.
^ Hoover's Guide to the Top Texas Companies. Austin, Tex.: Reference Press, 1995, p. 122.
^ Standard & Poor's Stock Guide, April 1996.
^ a b Salpukas, Agis. "Growing Natural-Gas Seller to Expand Electric Business." New York Times. February 19, 1997.
^ a b "Two More Deals Further Consolidate the Nation's Utilities." New York Times. June 15, 1999.
^ Myerson, Allen R. "Focus on Electric Power — The Commodity." New York Times. August 23, 1998.
^ "Nova Plans to Sell Its 26% Stake in Dynegy." New York Times. August 25, 1998.
^ "Dynegy Is Acquiring Extant for $152.5 Million." New York Times. August 3, 2000.
^ "Duke and Williams Receive Subpoenas." New York Times. November 9, 2002; Oppel, Jr., Richard A. and Broder, John M. "Judge Rejects California Electricity Refund." New York Times. December 13, 2002.
^ "Court Cases Against Energy Companies Dismissed." New York Times. March 26, 2003.
^ Oppel, Jr., Richard A. and Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Dynegy Is Said to Be Near to Acquiring Enron for $8 Billion." New York Times. November 8, 2001.
^ Oppel, Jr., Richard A. "Enron's Growing Financial Crisis Raises Doubts About Merger Deal." New York Times. November 21, 2001.
^ Oppel, Jr., and Richard A. and Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Enron's Collapse: The Overview." New York Times. November 29, 2001; McGeehan, Patrick. "Assessing the Role of the Financiers." New York Times. December 2, 2001.
^ Norris, Floyd. "Looking for Judgment On a Shattered Deal." New York Times. December 3, 2001.
^ "Dynegy to Pay Enron a $25 Million Settlement." New York Times. August 16, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Get Enron's Natural Gas Pipeline." New York Times. January 4, 2002.
^ Glater, Jonathan D. "Enron Agrees to Transfer Prized Pipeline to Dynegy." New York Times. January 5, 2002.
^ Morgenson, Gretchen. "Economy Is Surging, but Wall St. Is Down in the Dumps." New York Times. April 27, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Gets $900 Million Credit Line." New York Times. May 1, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Says S.E.C. Seeks Gas Inquiry." New York Times. May 9, 2002.
^ Atlas, Riva D. "Dynegy Faces New Questions Over 'Debt' of Partnership." New York Times. May 14, 2002.
^ Banerjee, Neela. "Dynegy's Chief Quits as Unrest Is Reshaping Energy Industry." New York Times. May 29, 2002.
^ a b "Dynegy May Find a Partner to Stabilize Energy Trading." New York Times. July 24, 2002.
^ Banerjee, Neela. "Disclosing Long-Term Contracts, Dynegy Worries Some Investors." New York Times. June 14, 2002.
^ "Dynegy's Chief Financial Officer Quits." New York Times. June 20, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Shuts Its Online Trading System." New York Times. June 21, 2002.
^ Feder, Barnaby J. "Dynegy Plans to Cut Dividend And Sell Assets to Raise Cash." New York Times. June 25, 2002.
^ "Company Briefs." New York Times. June 29, 2002.
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross. "Berkshire to Buy a Gas Pipeline From Dynegy." New York Times. July 30, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Staves Off Bankruptcy With Sale of Pipeline." New York Times. August 17, 2002.
^ Barboza, David. "Ex-Executive Says Dynegy Asked His Help to Cook Books." New York Times. August 5, 2002.
^ Dynegy Says It Is Suspending Dividend Payments." New York Times. August 13, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Won't Seek New Interim Chairman." New York Times. September 4, 2002.
^ Barboza, David. "Dynegy to Pay $3 Million In Settlement With S.E.C." New York Times. September 25, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Fires 6 Energy Trades for False Prices." New York Times. October 19, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Pay $5 Million in Inquiry Into Fake Trades." New York Times. December 20, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Sell a Natural Gas Storage Site in Britain." New York Times. October 1, 2002.
^ Glater, Jonathan D. "Dynegy Says It Will Exit the Energy Trading Business." New York Times. October 17, 2002.
^ "Dynegy to Lay Off 14% of Work Force." New York Times. October 22, 2002.
^ Romero, Simon. "Former Employees of Dynegy Face Charges of Fraud." New York Times. June 13, 2003.
^ "2 Ex-Employees Plead Guilty in Dynegy Case." New York Times. August 6, 2003.
^ Romero, Simon. "Stiff Sentence Is Possibility For a Name Not So Known." New York Times. March 24, 2004; Romero, Simon. "Ex-Executive Of Dynegy Is Sentenced to 24 Years." New York Times. March 26, 2004.
^ Romero, Simon. "Revision of 24-Year Prison Term Ordered in Accounting Fraud." New York Times. November 2, 2005; "Fraud Sentence Is Reduced for a Former Dynegy Accountant." New York Times. September 25, 2006.
^ "Former Executives Indicted." New York Times. December 11, 2003.
^ "Former Dynegy Executive Settles With S.E.C." New York Times. October 1, 2007.
^ Glater, Jonathan D. "Dynegy Agrees to Settlement of Suit by Its Shareholders." New York Times. April 16, 2005.
^ "Ex-Officer of Duke Energy Is Named Chief of Dynegy." New York Times. October 24, 2002.
^ "Dynegy Hires Ex-Shell Executive As Financial Officer." New York Times. December 3, 2002.
^ a b Mouawad, Jad. "Life in Energy, After Enron." New York Times. June 25, 2005.
^ "Dynegy Sells European Telecom Business to Klesch." New York Times. January 24, 2003.
^ "Dynegy Again Restates Income for 2001 and 2002." New York Times. February 15, 2003.
^ "Dynegy Agrees to Sell Share of Louisiana Gas Terminal." New York Times. February 19, 2003.
^ "Broadband Provider Will Acquire Dynegy Network." New York Times. April 1, 2003.
^ "Dynegy Strikes Deal for $1.66 Billion in Refinancing." New York Times. April 3, 2003; "ChevronTexaco Agrees to Restructure Dynegy Debt." New York Times. July 16, 2003; "Dynegy to Sell Debt in Private Placement." New York Times. October 1, 2003.
^ "Dynegy to Sell Illinois Power to Exelon." New York Times. November 4, 2003; "Ameren Agrees to Buy Illinois Utility From Dynegy." New York Times. February 4, 2004.
^ "Dynegy Allowed to Quit Contract." New York Times. January 18, 2003; "Dynegy and Southern Agree to Nullify Three Contracts." New York Times. April 24, 2003; "Dynegy Buys Out Electricity Contract." New York Times. January 6, 2004; "Dynegy Exits 4 Natural Gas Transportation Contracts." New York Times. July 15, 2004.
^ "Company Briefs." New York Times. March 25, 2004.
^ "Dynegy to Buy Exelon Unit for $135 Million." New York Times. November 3, 2004.
^ "Dynegy Must Spend $321 Million to Cut Emissions." New York Times. March 8, 2005.
^ "Dynegy Sets $2.3 Billion Merger." New York Times. September 15, 2006.
^ a b "Dynegy in $1.5 Billion Deal to Sell 8 Electricity Plants." Retuers. August 10, 2009.
^ "Chevron Plans Offering of Dynegy Stake." New York Times. May 22, 2007.
^ "Chevron's Profit Rises 24%, With Help From Its Refineries." Reuters. July 28, 2007.
^ "Dynegy and LS Power to Undo Joint Venture." New York Times. August 10, 2009.
^ Berringer, Felicity and Hakim, Danny. "New York Subpoenas 5 Energy Companies." New York Times. September 16, 2007.
^ "Dynegy to Warn Investors on Risks of Coal Burning." Associated Press. October 24, 2008.
^ Freifeld, Karen. "Dynegy Required to Disclose Climate Change Risks." Bloomberg Business News. October 23, 2008. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Blackstone, NRG To Carve Up Dynegy." Wall Street Journal. August 13, 2010, accessed 2012-07-06; de la Merced, Michael J. "Blackstone to Pay $4.7 Billion for Dynegy." New York Times. August 13, 2010, accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Seneca Seeks Proxy Fight at Dynegy." New York Times. November 11, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Kaplan, Thomas. "Icahn Raises His Stake In Dynegy to 12.9%." New York Times. November 13, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "DealBook Online." New York Times. November 12, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Blackstone Raises Offer For Dynegy." New York Times. November 17, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Blackstone Raises Its Offer for Dynegy." New York Times. November 16, 2010. Accessed 2012-07.06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Dynegy Postpones Vote on Blackstone Takeover Bid." New York Times. November 17, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Davidoff, Steven M. "Unusual Tactic." New York Times. November 19, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-6.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Ending Blackstone Talks, Dynegy Seeks New Buyer." New York Times. November 24, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Icahn Bids for Dynegy, After an Offer From Blackstone Is Rejected." New York Times. December 16, 2010. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "No Fresh Bidders for Dynegy." New York Times. January 25, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Ahmed, Azam. "Icahn Extends Offer Period for Dynegy." New York Times. January 26, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Seneca Pre-Emptively Rejects Dynegy Offer at $6 a Share." New York Times. January 26, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Dynegy Pleads With Shareholders to Take Icahn Deal." New York Times. February 11, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Ahmed, Azam. "Icahn Extends Dynegy Offer, Again." New York Times. February 14, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dynegy's Top Executives to Resign in Wake of Failed Deals." New York Times. February 21, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b Roose, Kevin. "Dynegy Settles With Creditors." New York Times. April 4, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ a b de la Merced, Michael. "Hurt by Debt, Dynegy Says Bankruptcy Is a Possibility." New York Times. March 9, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dodgers, Dynegy, MF Global, Syms and Filene's: Bankruptcy." Bloomberg Business News. November 14, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Lubben, Stephen J. "What's Behind Dynegy's Unusual Bankruptcy." New York Times. November 8, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Steffy, Loren and Pickrell, Emily. "Dynegy Joins Subsidiary in Bankruptcy." Houston Chronicle. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ a b Checkler, Joseph and Stilwell, Victoria. "Dynegy Joins Subsidiary in Chapter 11, Sets Merger." Wall Street Journal. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Dynegy Hires Restructuring Advisers." New York Times. April 13, 2011. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Lubben, Stephen J. "Examiner Rules Dynegy Asset Transfer Was Fraudulent." New York Times. March 10, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Trustee Sought for Dynegy Bankruptcy." New York Times. March 12, 2012, accessed 2012-07-06.
^ "Dynegy Files for Bankruptcy Protection." Associated Press. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Ahmed, Azam. "Dynegy Files for Bankruptcy as Part of Settlement." New York Times. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-06.
^ Benoit, David. "Dynegy Files for Bankruptcy in Final Blow to Shareholders." Wall Street Journal. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ Crooks, Ed. "Embattled Dynegy files for Chapter 11." Financial Times. July 6, 2012. Accessed 2012-07-12.
^ Chaudhuri, Saabira. "Dynegy Q2 Loss Widens On Coal-Segment Charge." Marketwatch.com. August 3, 2012. Accessed 2012-08-11.
^ a b Butler, Kelsey "Dynegy Holdings Plan Confirmed." Deal Pipeline. September 5, 2012.
^ Powers, Mary. "Dynegy Auctioning Two New York Power Plants Worth 1,693 MW." Platts. September 25, 2012. Accessed 2012-10-17.
^ Goldberg, Laura. "Dynegy Emerges From Bankruptcy, Stock to Return to Market." Houston Chronicle." October 2, 2012. Accessed 2012-10-17.
^ "Freedom Stations Get the Go-Ahead." Chico News-Review. November 15, 2012.
^ Daugherty, Deon. "Dynegy COO Kevin Howell Resigns." Houston Business Journal. January 8, 2013.
^ Pythress, Katherine. "Implosion Reduces Power Plant to Scrap Heap." San Diego Union-Tribune. February 3, 2013.
^ Wolf, Craig. "Dynegy Workers on Strike in Newburgh." Poughkeepsie Journal. November 9, 2012.
^ Bradshaw, Sarah. "Union Workers and Schools Left in Lurch by Dynegy." Poughkeepsie Journal. December 1, 2012.
^ a b Gruen, Abby. "Dynegy Sells Roseton, Danskammer Plants in New York." SNL Energy M&A Review. January 1, 2013.
^ Prezioso, Jeanine and DiSavino, Scott. "Castleton Acquires N.Y. Power Plant From Dynegy." Reuters Hedgeworld. May 1, 2013.
^ Poszywak, Amy. "Dynegy Asks Bankruptcy Court to Force Power Plant Sale Along." SNL Power Daily with Market Report. May 30, 2013.
^ Butler, Kelsey. "Judge Approves Dynegy Plant Sale." The Deal Pipeline. September 3, 2013.
^ Barr, Diana. "Ameren to Sell Merchant Generation Unit to Dynegy." St. Louis Business Journal. March 14, 2013. Accessed 2013-03-21.
^ a b Boshart, Glen. "Dynegy Bid to Buy Ameren's Merchant Plants Makes Its Way to FERC." SNL Power Daily with Market Report. April 18, 2013.
^ a b Yeagle, Patrick. "Shell Game." Illinois Times. September 19, 2013.
^ "Dynegy to Launch Debt Package." Project Finance. April 2013; Gruen, Abby. "Dynegy's $1.8B Refi Will Remake Capital Structure." SNL Electric Utility Report. April 8, 2013.
^ Daugherty, Deon. "Dynegy Closes $1.3B Term Loan Facilities." Houston Business Journal. April 23, 2013.
^ Eaton, Collin. "Dynegy Pays Off Term Loan With $500M in Senior Notes." Houston Business Journal. May 21, 2013.
^ Boshart, Glen. "Dynegy's Bid to Buy Ameren's Merchant Plants Gets Bogged Down at FERC." SNL Power Daily with Market Report. July 29, 2013.
^ McMahon, Bobby. "Sierra Club Seeks More Information on Ameren Deal, Raising Concerns About Local Impacts." Inside F.E.R.C. August 26, 2013.
^ Ryan, Molly. "Dynegy Hits a Roadblock in Ameren Acquisition." Houston Business Journal. June 7, 2013.
^ "Dynegy Seeks Pollution Waiver in Ameren Purchase." Associated Press. July 24, 2013.
^ a b Tomich, Jeffrey. "Pollution Waiver May Decide Fate of Illinois Coal Plants." St. Louis Post-Dispatch. September 13, 2013.
^ a b Finke, Doug. "Pollution Board Weighs Delay For Ameren Plants." Kewanee Star-Courier. September 18, 2013.
^ a b "AFL-CIO Pushes For Waiver For Illinois Plants." Associated Press. September 17, 2013.
^ "Dynegy Rejects Foresight Energy's Plan." St. Louis Business Journal. September 19, 2013.
^ a b c Wernau, Julie. "Power Play for Ill. Coal." Chicago Tribune. September 22, 2013.
^ Rebecca Smith (22 August 2014). "Dynegy to Nearly Double Capacity With $6.25 Billion in Deals". WSJ. 
^ "Acquisitions power Dynegy back into top tier of generators". Houston Chronicle. 


External links[edit]

Dynegy corporate website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dynegy&oldid=788849392"					
Categories: Power companies of the United StatesNatural gas companies of the United StatesCompanies based in HoustonCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisNorsk bokmål 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 3 July 2017, at 21:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 























Alerts for Investors | Dynegy










































 News
Careers
Contact Us
 


 


About Dynegy 
 Dynegy Values
Community
News
Careers 
 Job Openings
Life at Dynegy - Culture
Why Dynegy?

Leadership
Governance
Supplier Relations
Contact Us

Locations
Investors 
 Presentations & Events
SEC Filings
Leadership & Governance
Annual Reports
Alerts
Financial Snapshot
Analyst Coverage
Stock Information
Stockholder FAQ
Investor Contacts

Home & Business 
 Dynegy Retail
Homefield Energy

Community 
 Giving
Volunteering













	Investors 






	Alerts

















Presentations & Events
SEC Filings
Leadership & Governance
Annual Reports
Financial Snapshot
Alerts
Analyst Coverage
Stock Information
Stockholder FAQ
Investor Contacts









 


| Legal Notices
| CCR Compliance
| Awards and Recognition
| Contact Us
| In the Community
| Sitemap


© 2016 Dynegy Inc. All Rights Reserved





 









×





























Company News | Dynegy










































 News
Careers
Contact Us
 


 


About Dynegy 
 Dynegy Values
Community
News
Careers 
 Job Openings
Life at Dynegy - Culture
Why Dynegy?

Leadership
Governance
Supplier Relations
Contact Us

Locations
Investors 
 Presentations & Events
SEC Filings
Leadership & Governance
Annual Reports
Alerts
Financial Snapshot
Analyst Coverage
Stock Information
Stockholder FAQ
Investor Contacts

Home & Business 
 Dynegy Retail
Homefield Energy

Community 
 Giving
Volunteering













	About Dynegy 






	News



















 

	About Dynegy
	Learn More 








Investors
Dynegy Values
Community
News
Careers
Leadership
Governance
Supplier Relations
Contact Us








 


| Legal Notices
| CCR Compliance
| Awards and Recognition
| Contact Us
| In the Community
| Sitemap


© 2016 Dynegy Inc. All Rights Reserved





 









×











































Dynegy buys coal-, gas- and oil-fired power plants from Energy Capital Partners - Power Engineering










ycfacvewvrxszsbtawde


















Subscribe | 
Newsletters | 
Advertise | 
Contact Us















































 








 



















 


 





Videos
Webcasts
Whitepapers
Events
Magazine
Jobs







 






Home



About Us


Advertise


Blogs


Contact Us


Current Issue


Editorial Guides


Events


Magazine


Mobile


Newsletters


Past Issues


Power Generation Company News


Product Showcase


Submit an Article


Subscribe


Supplier Showcase


Topic Index


Webcasts


White Papers





Energy Storage



Batteries


Compressed Air


Flywheels


Pumped Storage Hydro


Thermal Energy Storage





Coal



Coal Retrofits & Upgrades


Coal O&M


Coal Emissions Control


Coal Equipment


Clean Coal Technologies





Gas



Gas Retrofits & Upgrades


Combined Cycle


Gas O&M


Gas Emissions Control


Gas Equipment





Renewables



Wind


Solar


Hydroelectric


Biomass


Geothermal


Marine





Nuclear



Reactors


Retrofits & Upgrades


Waste Mgmt. & Decommissioning


Nuclear O&M


Nuclear Equipment


NPI Latest Issue





Onsite Power



Diesel & Gas Engines


Solar


Cogeneration


Wind


Policy & Regulation





O&M



Plant Automation


Plant Optimization


Safety & Protection


Instrumentation & Controls


Testing


Pumps & Valves


O&M Retrofits & Upgrades





Emissions



Air Pollution Control Equip. & Services


Diagnostics & Testing


Water Treatment Equipment & Services


Energy Efficiencies


Emissions Regulation





Business



Financial


Environmental


Business Policy


M&A


Contracts & Projects


Personnel-Staffing


Project Management


Business Regulation





Water Treatment



Cooling Water Technologies


Policy & Regulation


Water Treatment


Water Usage





New Projects



Coal


Gas


Renewables


Nuclear


Emissions


Business





Classifieds













Video


Webcasts


White Papers


Events


Magazine



 


 
Home


About Us


Advertise


Blogs


Contact Us


Current Issue


Editorial Guides


Events


Magazine


Mobile


Newsletters


Past Issues


Power Generation Company News


Product Showcase


Submit an Article


Subscribe


Supplier Showcase


Topic Index


Webcasts


White Papers




 
Energy Storage


Batteries


Compressed Air


Flywheels


Pumped Storage Hydro


Thermal Energy Storage




 
Coal


Coal Retrofits & Upgrades


Coal O&M


Coal Emissions Control


Coal Equipment


Clean Coal Technologies




 
Gas


Gas Retrofits & Upgrades


Combined Cycle


Gas O&M


Gas Emissions Control


Gas Equipment




 
Renewables


Wind


Solar


Hydroelectric


Biomass


Geothermal


Marine




 
Nuclear


Reactors


Retrofits & Upgrades


Waste Mgmt. & Decommissioning


Nuclear O&M


Nuclear Equipment


NPI Latest Issue




 
Onsite Power


Diesel & Gas Engines


Solar


Cogeneration


Wind


Policy & Regulation




 
O&M


Plant Automation


Plant Optimization


Safety & Protection


Instrumentation & Controls


Testing


Pumps & Valves


O&M Retrofits & Upgrades




 
Emissions


Air Pollution Control Equip. & Services


Diagnostics & Testing


Water Treatment Equipment & Services


Energy Efficiencies


Emissions Regulation




 
Business


Financial


Environmental


Business Policy


M&A


Contracts & Projects


Personnel-Staffing


Project Management


Business Regulation




 
Water Treatment


Cooling Water Technologies


Policy & Regulation


Water Treatment


Water Usage




 
New Projects


Coal


Gas


Renewables


Nuclear


Emissions


Business




Classifieds









 








 

 

 











 



Home
More Gas Industry News
    Dynegy buys coal-, gas- and oil-fired power plants from Energy Capital Partners


 










 


















Dynegy buys coal-, gas- and oil-fired power plants from Energy Capital Partners








04/02/2015

















































Dynegy Inc. (NYSE: DYN) finalized the acquisition of EquiPower Resources Corp and Brayton Point Holdings LLC from Energy Capital Partners (ECP).
 
The acquisition includes 10 power plants with a capacity of 6.3 GW for the New England and PJM power markets. The original acquisition price was $3.45 billion including $3.25 billion in cash and $200 million of common stock issued to ECP at closing. Dynegy and ECP on March 30 amended the purchase and sales agreements to increase the cash consideration to $3.35 billion and reduce the common stock by 50 percent based on the settlement price of $28.90 per share.
 
The power plants included in the deal are:
 
·      The 1,493-MW Brayton Point coal-fired power plant in Massachusetts, scheduled for closing on June 1, 2017.
·      The 187-MW Dighton gas-fired plant in Massachusetts.
·      The 856-MW Lake Road gas-fired power plant in Connecticut.
·      The 280-MW Masspower gas-fired power plant in Massachusetts.
·      The 579-MW Milford gas-fired power plant in Connecticut.
·      The 788-MW Elwood gas-fired power plant in Illinois.[Native Advertisement]
·      The 1,108-MW Kincaid coal-fired power plant in Illinois.
·      The 600-MW Liberty gas-fired power plant in Pennsylvania.
·      The 447-MW Richland gas-fired power plant in Ohio.
·      The 19-MW Stryker oil-fired power plant in Ohio.
 
Dynegy’s other acquisition, of Duke Energy (NYSE: DUK)’s commercial generation and retail assets in the Midwest, has received all approvals and is expected to close on April 2.
Subscribe to the Power Engineering enewsletter











 
























































Sponsored Content is made possible by our sponsor; it does not necessarily reflect the views of our editorial staff.


























Related Articles

















NV Energy Issues RFP for 50 MW of Renewables or Cogeneration

                    Bids are due July 6, 2017. 
 















Bolze Out, Stokes In as Head of GE Power

Bolze, Flannery, finance chief Jeff Bornstein and oil and gas chief Lorenzo Simonelli were all in the running to succeed Immelt by 2015 and submitted their plans for running the company.
 





















Industry Jobs






Senior Energy Specialists


 




Energy Innovation Program Consultant - SME


 




Director of Creative Technical Solutions


 




Principal Engineer – Distribution P&C


 





More Industry Jobs










  









Featured Whitepaper



















Optimizing Power Plant Size with Reciprocating Internal Combustion Engines





















New Metering Solution Controls Condensate in HRSG Systems





















How TransCanada Cultivated Confidence in Risk Analysis with Deltek Acumen









More Whitepapers


















Webcasts






Delivering Digitalisation:  Exploring the Potential for the Power Sector








GenerationHub Quarterly Market Update: December 2016




Speakers

Kent Knutson
Barry Cassell
Wayne Barber






Importance of used oil analysis in optimising gas engine output




Speakers

Frank Heber
Derek Selby
Kelvin Ross






TransmissionHub Quarterly Market Update: November 2016




Speakers

Kent Knutson







More Webcasts


















Products Showcase

















Caterpillar Introduces New Gas Generator Set for Continuous Applications

The Cat G3512 is targeted for flexible applications using a single unit for both standby and load management operations.
 















GE Provides Turbine, Financing for Pennsylvania Combined-Cycle Plant

The deal for the plant, expected to produce 488 MW upon commercial operation in 2019, also includes financing from GE Capital.
 















Siemens Introduces Sinamics V20 Smart Access Web Server Module

By providing a wi-fi hot spot, the wireless connection on the module facilitates setup, programming, commissioning, production monitoring and maintenance on a variety of machines and production equipment.
 















Siemens Installs 8-MW Wind Turbine Prototype

The SWT-8.0-154 prototype can generate 8 MW with its 154-meter rotor, and was installed on a steel tower with a hub height of 120 meters.
 















GE Enhances Digital Power Plant Software and Introduces Hydropower Apps

GE’s latest release of Digital Power Plant software for gas, steam and nuclear plants features new tools to help customers reduce unplanned downtime by up to 5 percent,
 
















 




























Power Engineering Current Issue




                   06/01/2017
Volume 121, Issue 6














View this Issue


View Archives















Power Industry Wire News






Beijing Gas Blue Sky awarded the 12th CAPITAL Outstanding China Enterprise Awards -- Outstanding Natural Gas Provider

                    Beijing Gas Blue Sky awarded the 12th CAPITAL Outstanding China Enterprise Awards -- Ou...
 




Ascent Solar Demonstrates Breadth of Capabilities at the US Special Operations Command (SOCOM) Exclusive TE 17-3 Event in Washington, DC

                    Ascent Solar Demonstrates Breadth of Capabilities at the US Special Operations Command ...
 




Black Stallion signs LOI with health and wellness conglomerate

                    Black Stallion signs LOI with health and wellness conglomerate
 




Aegean Marine Petroleum Network Inc. Announces Date for Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call and Webcast

                    Aegean Marine Petroleum Network Inc. Announces Date for Second Quarter 2017 Conference ...
 




Commencement of 2,550 km2 3D Seismic Survey

                    Commencement of 2,550 km2 3D Seismic Survey
 





More Wirenews


















Editors Picks






U.S. Nuclear Plant up for Sale at Fraction of Cost


 




U.S. Installs More Than 2 GW of Solar Capacity in 2Q 2016


 




EPA Finalizes Updated CSAPR


 




North Carolina Surpasses Solar-Favorable States With 2015 Installed Capacity


 





















Power Engineering















Archived Articles


2000 | 2001 | 2002 | 2003 | 2004 | 2005 | 2006 | 2007 | 2008 | 2009 | 2010 | 2011 | 2012 | 2013 | 2014 | 2015




   Power Engineering
Look Inside >
 

Current Digital Issue







Topic Index


View Power Engineering articles by topic, A-Z




Article Archives for Power Engineering Magazine



Latest Energy Jobs

















View more Job Listings >>






 


 















 

 



 


 










 







 



 

 

 









 
 
 
 


Copyright © 2007-2017. PennWell Corporation, Tulsa, OK. All Rights Reserved.   PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS AND CONDITIONS 






Utility

Contact Us
Advertising
Subscribe
About Us
PennWell Events
PennWell Websites


 

Resources

Current Issue
Online Archives
RSS Feeds
Videos



Register
Login
Forgot Password
Site Map


 

Topics

Boilers
Coal
Gas
Renewables
Nuclear
Onsite Power



O&M
Emissions
Business
Water Treatment
New Projects
Topic Index


 


PENNWELL POWER SITES

HydroWorld
Renewable Energy World
Decentralized Energy
hubs
TransmissionHUB
GenerationHUB



PennEnergy
Nuclear Power International
Power Engineering
Power Engineering International



 
































 

 











    Dynegy Inc. - Energy Business Review























Jump to page content
Accessibility






Log in or
          Register for enhanced features |
          Forgotten Password?





White Papers | 
			Suppliers | 
			Events | 
			Report Store | 
			Companies |
			Dining Club |
			Videos






Oil & Gas

Drilling & Production
Exploration & Development
Refining & Petrochemicals
Transportation & Storage

Power Generation

Biofuels & Biomass
Fossil Fuel
Geothermal
Hydro
Nuclear
Solar
Wind

Power Distribution

Utilities Network
Utilities Retail

Mining & Commodities

Carbon
Coal
Minerals & Materials
Nuclear Fuels

Clean Technology
Digital Transformation

Intelligent Edge
Enable Digital
Optimise Core







Energy Business Review
All Energy Business Review 























Return to:  EBR Home  |  Companies






 Dynegy Inc.








Company


Key Employees


Locations/Subsidiaries


Products/Services


News








Dynegy Inc.
                      Suite 1400
                      601 Travis Street
                      Houston
                      United States of America


                    Phone: 1 713 5076400

                    www.dynegy.com
                    

                      No. employees: 2,591
                    Turnover: 4,318.00 (US$m)
                    Financial year end: December

                



Company Overview

Top Competitors



American Electric Power Company, Inc.



Avista Corporation



Calpine Corporation



Edison International



Entergy Corporation



FirstEnergy Corp.



Pattern Energy Group Inc



PG&E Corporation







Key Employees
Pat Wood, III
                      Chairman, Executive Board
                      Hilary E. Ackermann
                      Director, Non Executive Board
                      Paul M. Barbas
                      Director, Non Executive Board
                      Richard Kuersteiner
                      Director, Non Executive Board
                      John R. Sult
                      Director, Non Executive Board
                      Jeffrey S. Stein
                      Director, Non Executive Board
                      Tyler G Reeder
                      Director, Non Executive Board
                      Catherine C. James
                      Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer, Senior Management
                      Henry D. Jones
                      Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer, Senior Management
                      Clint C. Freeland
                      Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Senior Management
                      Carolyn J. Burke 
                      Executive Vice President - Strategy, Senior Management
                      Mario E. Alonso
                      Executive Vice President, General Manager - Plant Operations-ERCOT & CAISO & Supply Chain, Senior Management
                      Julius Cox
                      Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, Senior Management
                      Martin W. Daley
                      Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Senior Management
                      Sheree M. Petrone 
                      Executive Vice President - Retail, Senior Management
                      Dean M Ellis
                      Senior Vice President - Regulatory Government Affairs, Senior Management
              


Locations/Subsidiaries

              Suite 1400,
              601 Travis Street,
              Houston,
              Texas,
              United States of America
              Phone: 1 713 5076400

              1500 Eastport Plaza Drive,
              Collinsville,
              Illinois,
              United States of America

              Suite 1500,
              312 Walnut Street,
              Cincinnati,
              Ohio,
              United States of America
Atlas Power
              United States of America
Dynegy Coal Holdco, LLC
              United States of America
Dynegy Finance I, Inc.
              Texas,
              United States of America
Dynegy Finance II, Inc.
              United States of America
Dynegy Gas Investments, LLC
              United States of America
Dynegy Kendall Energy LLC
              1401 North County Line Road,
              Minooka,
              Illinois,
              United States of America
Dynegy Midwest Generation, Inc.
              Suite 5800,
              1000 Louisiana Street,
              Houston,
              Texas,
              United States of America
              Phone: 1 713 5606400
              Fax: 1 800 6334704
Dynegy Moss Landing, LLC
              Hwy 1 & Dolan Rd,
              Moss Landing,
              California,
              United States of America
              Phone: 1 831 6336700
Dynegy Oakland, LLC
              50 Martin Luther King Jr Way,
              Oakland,
              California,
              United States of America
Dynegy Resource Holdings, LLC
              United States of America
Dynegy South Bay, LLC
              990 Bay Blvd,
              Chula Vista,
              California,
              United States of America
Illinova Corporation
              500 South 27th Street,
              Decatur,
              United States of America
              Phone: 1 217 4246600


Products/Services

Products:
Electricity


Services:
Sale of Electrical Energy
Capacity and Ancillary Services






Companies Directory














 Intelligence



Latest White Papers












HySWEET®, the Best Option for Mercaptan Removal from Natural Gas
          
            Published by PROSERNAT
            
White Papers













ruwu® High-Efficiency Fans
          
            Published by Russwurm Ventilatoren (ruwu®)
            
Oil & Gas > Exploration & Development > White Papers













Model XS-90 LARS
          
            Published by Subsea Innovation 
            
Oil & Gas > Exploration & Development > White Papers













Hydrogen Induced Crack Resistant Steel Plate
          
            Published by Brown McFarlane 
            
Power Generation > Fossil Fuel > White Papers









 






Suppliers Directory




                             Spotlight Suppliers                        
                        
By Sector
A-Z








Bea Technologies SpA - Filtration Technology 
                            For over thirty years BEA has been manufacturing and commercialising a wide range of highly innovative technical products for the filtration of liquids and compressed gases.    
                            
Suppliers







Alphatec Engineering - Industrial Machinery Regrouting Services
                            The Alphatec Group was established in 1977 and our main business has been contracting; regrouting industrial machinery for which cement-based grouts have failed, and replacing them with permanent polymer grouts, properly designed to perform as the interface between machine and foundation. We also repair machinery foundations, restoring the concrete integrity and its ability to damp out vibrations and formulate and manufacture quality polymer products for use by other professionals.
                            
Oil & Gas > Exploration & Development > Suppliers







BHDT – Best High Pressure & Drilling Technology 
 BHDT´s core business features design, calculation, production and testing of high pressure components, which all adhere to international standards and specifications. In accordance with ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ASME BPVC and API Q1, the company´s quality and environmental management systems are documented in detailed manuals, and certified by various Third Parties. 
                            
Oil & Gas > Drilling & Production > Suppliers







HSP & Trench Bushing Group - Premium High Voltage Bushings 
                            HSP & Trench Bushing Group is your partner of choice when looking for premium high voltage bushings. The Group develops and produces quality tailor-made products and services such as bushings for  transformer, switchgear, generator, HVDC and SF6-applications up to the highest service voltage. Furthermore, they offer service, maintenance and customer training expertise for HSP & Trench equipment as well as for bushing from other manufacturers.
                            
Suppliers




 

Oil & Gas
Drilling & Production
                       
                      
Exploration & Development
                       
                      
Refining & Petrochemicals
                       
                      
Transportation & Storage
                       
                      

Power Generation
Biofuels & Biomass
                       
                      
Fossil Fuel
                       
                      
Geothermal
                       
                      
Hydro
                       
                      
Nuclear
                       
                      
Solar
                       
                      
Wind
                       
                      

Power Distribution
Utilities Network
                       
                      
Utilities Retail
                       
                      

Mining & Commodities
Carbon
                       
                      
Coal
                       
                      
Minerals & Materials
                       
                      
Nuclear Fuels
                       
                      
 

#
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
 
 












































About us
Accessibility
Advertise with us
Contact us


Help
Privacy
RSS feeds
Site map
Dining Club


Browse By Sector
Browse By Network
Business Review Sites


Mining & Commodities
Oil & Gas
Power Generation
Power Distribution


Biofuels & Biomass
Carbon
Coal
Drilling & Production
Exploration & Development


Fossil Fuel
Geothermal
Hydro
Minerals & Materials
Nuclear


Nuclear Fuels
Refining & Petrochemicals
Solar
Transportation & Storage
Utilities Network


Utilities Retail
Wind


Auto
Banking
Clean Technology
Drinks
Energy


Food
Insurance
Logistics
Medical Devices
Packaging


Pharmaceutical
Retail
Technology
Webinars








    © EBR 2017. Part of Progressive Trade Media Ltd.
  




























Dynegy Coal Investments Holdings, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Dynegy Coal Investments Holdings, LLC
                    

•   HOUSTON, TX
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Dynegy Coal Investments Holdings is based out of Houston.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Dynegy Coal Investments Holdings, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




dynegy coal investments holdings, llc


601 TRAVIS

HOUSTON
TX
                                                        
                                                    77002


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      7135076400
SEC SIC CODE:4931-ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED







Recent SEC Filings




CORRESP filed on 01/31/2017
CORRESP filed on 11/22/2016
T-3 filed on 11/07/2016
UPLOAD filed on 06/29/2015
424B3 filed on 07/17/2015
S-4/A filed on 07/08/2015
S-4 filed on 06/02/2015
UPLOAD filed on 02/07/2014
UPLOAD filed on 12/31/2013
424B3 filed on 03/14/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Dynegy Holdings, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:14 AM ET
Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers

Company Overview of Dynegy Holdings, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of September 30, 2012, Dynegy Holdings, LLC was acquired by Dynegy Inc. Dynegy Holdings, LLC, through its subsidiaries, engages in the production and sale of electric energy, capacity, and ancillary services in the United States. The company sells its energy products and services on a wholesale basis to regional transmission organizations and independent system operators; integrated utilities; municipalities; electric cooperatives; transmission and distribution utilities; industrial customers; power marketers; financial participants, such as banks and hedge funds; and other power generators and commercial end-users. Its power generation portfolio includes six coal-fired power generation f...
As of September 30, 2012, Dynegy Holdings, LLC was acquired by Dynegy Inc. Dynegy Holdings, LLC, through its subsidiaries, engages in the production and sale of electric energy, capacity, and ancillary services in the United States. The company sells its energy products and services on a wholesale basis to regional transmission organizations and independent system operators; integrated utilities; municipalities; electric cooperatives; transmission and distribution utilities; industrial customers; power marketers; financial participants, such as banks and hedge funds; and other power generators and commercial end-users. Its power generation portfolio includes six coal-fired power generation facilities with a total capacity of 3,132 megawatts; eight plants natural gas-fired power generation facilities with a total capacity of 6,771 MW; and the Roseton and Danskammer facilities with a total capacity of 1,693 MW. The company is based in Houston, Texas.
Detailed Description


601 Travis StreetSuite 1400Houston, TX 77002United States1,262 Employees



Phone: 713-507-6400








Key Executives for Dynegy Holdings, LLC


Dynegy Holdings, LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2COR9 LLC United States 8minutenergy Renewables, LLC United States 93LF 8ME LLC United States A & N Electric Cooperative, Inc. United States Abengoa US Operations, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Dynegy Holdings, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























Bankruptcy examiner calls Dynegy transfer fraudHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearchSkip to NavigationSkip to Main ContentSkip to Related Content0Bankruptcy examiner calls Dynegy transfer fraudThe Associated Press,Associated Press•March 9, 2012A court-appointed examiner said Friday that a Dynegy subsidiary that filed for bankruptcy protection fraudulently transferred coal power assets to the parent company, which remains solvent.The examiner said the deal improperly shielded the coal assets from Dynegy Holdings LLC's creditors. The subsidiary filed for Chapter 11 in November, part of a plan that would have forced bondholders to take heavy losses while shielding major investors such as activist investor Carl Icahn, investment firm Seneca Capital and fund manager Franklin Advisers.Shares of the parent, power company Dynegy Inc., fell more than 40 percent Friday afternoon.The examiner, Susheel Kirpalani, filed a report in New York bankruptcy court Friday outlining what he called the fraudulent transfer of Dynegy's CoalCo division in September, before the bankruptcy filing.If CoalCo had been left as part of Dynegy Holdings LLC, then its assets could have been used to pay off creditors. Instead, CoalCo was transferred to the parent company, Dynegy Inc., where creditors could not get access to it."Reduced to its essence, the transaction transferred hundreds of millions of dollars away from Dynegy's creditors in favor of its stockholders," Kirpalani wrote in his report.Kirpalani said that some directors on Dynegy's board did not understand the nature of the transaction that shifted CoalCo from one unit to another, but others "knew exactly what was happening, and why the CoalCo transfer was being made."Dynegy released a brief statement saying the company is reviewing the report. A spokeswoman said the company is determining how the finding might affect the bankruptcy proceeding.The Houston company operates power plants and sells electricity on the open market. It has struggled for years with falling electricity prices and infighting among investors over competing takeover offers, and its credit ratings have suffered.As debts rose last year, Dynegy worked behind the scenes to protect the company. Instead of selling assets to raise cash, the company reshuffled its businesses so that the parent company owned power plants and other assets while a subsidiary issued bonds. Bondholders sued in September, alleging that Dynegy illegally protected some assets from claims they could make in bankruptcy court.Dynegy Holdings LLC and four of its subsidiaries filed for bankruptcy protection on Nov. 7, with a plan to restructure $4 billion in debt.Shares fell 48 cents, or 41 percent, to 70 cents in afternoon trading. They closed at $3.30 on Nov. 4.Popular in the CommunityMan says he killed wife aboard cruise ship because 'she would not stop laughing at me': Affidavit2,887 reactions4%73%23%"Women Need To Carry This Device With Them"Siren SongSponsoredDozens injured in Barcelona commuter train crash8 reactions0%100%0%Trump administration reportedly threatens Alaska over senator’s health care vote4,893 reactions5%66%29%Mario Cantone Perfectly Captures Trump’s New BFF Anthony Scaramucci701 reactions7%66%27%Zuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredClashes in Venezuela ahead of Sunday’s election32 reactions5%63%32%Mitch McConnell: ‘I regret that our efforts were simply not enough this time’Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1530 reactions3%80%17%Discover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredSenate 'skinny repeal' of Obamacare falls apart on Senate floor after McCain defects7,804 reactions6%67%27%Grandmother lays in pool of blood playing dead after being attacked night before her husband's funeral1,310 reactions5%71%24%Trump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverage1,389 reactions4%72%24%Trunk Club. Making Sense of Style.Trunk ClubSponsoredPortugal battles raging wildfires17 reactions0%69%31%Seth Moulton thinks Democrats needs ‘new generation’ of leadershipHistoric Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC215 reactions8%69%23%White Haired Baby Stuns Doctors Until They RealizeHealthSkilletSponsoredMcDonald's worker puts everyone off ice cream with 'disgusting' photos  3,220 reactions4%75%21%Better arrival: Antonio Brown's Phantom or James Harrison's fire truck?719 reactions5%75%20%Sean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from Maine2,123 reactions3%64%33%Studio 54 And The Debauchery That EnsuedGroovyhistory.comSponsoredDeadly accident at the Ohio State Fair97 reactions3%81%16%The Note: The end for repeal and replace19 reactions3%85%12%










Dynegy Holdings LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























dynegy holdings llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Utilities
Industry: Utilities
Sub-Industry: Power Generation
Dynegy Holdings LLC operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, generates electric energy from coal, fuel oil, and natural gas. Dynegy Holdings serves cooperatives, municipalities, and other energy companies.




Corporate Information
Address:

601 Travis Street
Suite 1400
Houston, TX 77002
United States


Phone:
1-713-507-6400


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.dynegy.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


















































Investor Contacts | Dynegy










































 News
Careers
Contact Us
 


 


About Dynegy 
 Dynegy Values
Community
News
Careers 
 Job Openings
Life at Dynegy - Culture
Why Dynegy?

Leadership
Governance
Supplier Relations
Contact Us

Locations
Investors 
 Presentations & Events
SEC Filings
Leadership & Governance
Annual Reports
Alerts
Financial Snapshot
Analyst Coverage
Stock Information
Stockholder FAQ
Investor Contacts

Home & Business 
 Dynegy Retail
Homefield Energy

Community 
 Giving
Volunteering













	Investors 






	INVESTOR CONTACTS







Individual stockholders, security analysts, portfolio managers and other institutional investors seeking information about the company should contact:
Rodney McMahan or Tiffany Sammis
Investor Relations
713.507.6466
800.800.8220ir@dynegy.com
Stockholder Services
Computershare is the registrar and transfer agent for Dynegy Inc. Contact them for assistance with your account:Shareholder Website
888.921.5563
Shareholder Online Inquirieshttps://www-us.computershare.com/investor/Contact





Presentations & Events
SEC Filings
Leadership & Governance
Annual Reports
Financial Snapshot
Alerts
Analyst Coverage
Stock Information
Stockholder FAQ
Investor Contacts









 


| Legal Notices
| CCR Compliance
| Awards and Recognition
| Contact Us
| In the Community
| Sitemap


© 2016 Dynegy Inc. All Rights Reserved





 









×

























Energy Supplier For Home & Business | Dynegy










































 News
Careers
Contact Us
 


 


About Dynegy 
 Dynegy Values
Community
News
Careers 
 Job Openings
Life at Dynegy - Culture
Why Dynegy?

Leadership
Governance
Supplier Relations
Contact Us

Locations
Investors 
 Presentations & Events
SEC Filings
Leadership & Governance
Annual Reports
Alerts
Financial Snapshot
Analyst Coverage
Stock Information
Stockholder FAQ
Investor Contacts

Home & Business 
 Dynegy Retail
Homefield Energy

Community 
 Giving
Volunteering



 









	More than just megawatts
	At Dynegy, we're committed to providing power safely, responsibly and honestly  



	More than just megawatts
	At Dynegy, we're committed to providing power safely, responsibly and honestly  









	AWARD WINNING
	Highest in Residential CustomerSatisfaction with Retail Electric Service in Ohio - J.D. Power  



	AWARD WINNING
	Highest in Residential CustomerSatisfaction with Retail Electric Service in Ohio - J.D. Power  







 
News


Jul 20, 2017 • Dynegy Schedules 2017 Second Quarter Financial Results Release and Conference Call




Jul 11, 2017 • Dynegy Reaches Agreement to Sell Three Power Generating Assets




MORE



 
DYN Jul 28 2017  9:54AM
8.93 USD 0.18 (2.06%)










 



	Energy for your
	Home & Business













 



	Dynegy in the 
	News













 



	Information for
	Investors


















	Dynegy in the
	Community











	LEARN MORE ABOUT DYNEGY






	LEARN MORE ABOUT THE ENGIE ACQUISITION






 


| Legal Notices
| CCR Compliance
| Awards and Recognition
| Contact Us
| In the Community
| Sitemap


© 2016 Dynegy Inc. All Rights Reserved
















×





























Stockholder FAQs | Dynegy










































 News
Careers
Contact Us
 


 


About Dynegy 
 Dynegy Values
Community
News
Careers 
 Job Openings
Life at Dynegy - Culture
Why Dynegy?

Leadership
Governance
Supplier Relations
Contact Us

Locations
Investors 
 Presentations & Events
SEC Filings
Leadership & Governance
Annual Reports
Alerts
Financial Snapshot
Analyst Coverage
Stock Information
Stockholder FAQ
Investor Contacts

Home & Business 
 Dynegy Retail
Homefield Energy

Community 
 Giving
Volunteering



 








	Investors 






	Stockholder FAQ













 










	Does Dynegy have a direct stock purchase plan or a dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP)?                    











The company does not offer a dividend reinvestment plan nor a direct stock purchase program.











	Who is Dynegy's transfer agent and how does a registered stockholder contact the agent for account information?                    











Computershare Shareholder Services handles all stockholder account information including stock certificates and address changes. 
Computershare may be contacted at 888.921.5563.
Computershare
P.O. Box 30170
College Station, TX 77842-3170
Stockholder website 
Stockholder online inquiries
 










	Does Dynegy pay a dividend? If so, what is the amount?                    











Dynegy does not pay a dividend.











	Where is the Organizational Actions Affecting Basis of Securities form?                    











Form 8937 filed 10/31/2012











	Who do stockholders contact if they have a question about their account?                    











Please contact Computershare stockholder Services, Dynegy's transfer agent and registrar at 888.921.5563.
Mailing addresses Stockholder correspondence should be mailed to:
Computershare
P.O. Box 30170
College Station, TX 77842-3170
Overnight correspondence should be sent to:
Computershare
211 Quality Circle, Suite 210
College Station, TX 77845
Stockholder website
Stockholder online inquiries






 







Presentations & Events
SEC Filings
Leadership & Governance
Annual Reports
Financial Snapshot
Alerts
Analyst Coverage
Stock Information
Investor Contacts









 


| Legal Notices
| CCR Compliance
| Awards and Recognition
| Contact Us
| In the Community
| Sitemap


© 2016 Dynegy Inc. All Rights Reserved





 









×





























Leadership & Governance | Dynegy










































 News
Careers
Contact Us
 


 


About Dynegy 
 Dynegy Values
Community
News
Careers 
 Job Openings
Life at Dynegy - Culture
Why Dynegy?

Leadership
Governance
Supplier Relations
Contact Us

Locations
Investors 
 Presentations & Events
SEC Filings
Leadership & Governance
Annual Reports
Alerts
Financial Snapshot
Analyst Coverage
Stock Information
Stockholder FAQ
Investor Contacts

Home & Business 
 Dynegy Retail
Homefield Energy

Community 
 Giving
Volunteering













	INVESTORS 






	Leadership & Governance







At Dynegy, we are committed to serving our stakeholders with integrity in everything we do. We set standards high and expectations higher. And above all, we live by our own Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Because nothing matters to us more than the trust of our stakeholders and the reputation we’ve earned as a good corporate citizen.








 

	Executive Management
	Meet the team 









 

	Corporate Governance
	Learn More 













 


| Legal Notices
| CCR Compliance
| Awards and Recognition
| Contact Us
| In the Community
| Sitemap


© 2016 Dynegy Inc. All Rights Reserved





 









×












 







Dynegy Holdings LLC : Articles :: Law360


































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













Dynegy Holdings LLC


 News & Case Alert  on Dynegy Holdings LLC



Utilities » Electric Utilities » Dynegy Holdings LLC







Alert me of new articles

Menu options for Dynegy Holdings LLC 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


Sections


Appellate (2)
Asset Management (2)
Banking (1)
Bankruptcy (64)
Class Action (9)
Commercial Contracts (4)
Corporate (7)
Delaware (4)
Energy (60)
Environmental (3)
Hospitality (2)
Illinois (1)
Legal Industry (1)
Media & Entertainment (2)
Mergers & Acquisitions (2)
New York (54)
Private Equity (5)
Project Finance (9)
Securities (16)
Texas (3)
Top News (7)







×
Search within the list below:







Name
Count






Continue
Cancel










×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel













Search News


















News (71)


January 26, 2017
Dynegy Wins Ch. 11 Plan Approval For Subsidiary
..., Dynegy Holdings, initiated a Chapter 11 in 2011 that enabled the company to liquidate subsidiaries after...


October 17, 2016
Dynegy Seeks To Avoid Court With $825M Bond Restructuring
... Chapter 11 in Houston bankruptcy court.

Dynegy's then-parent company, Dynegy Holdings, initiated a...


May 19, 2016
Considerations For Power Generation Co. Restructuring
... transfer value between constituencies. In the three months before bankruptcy, Dynegy Holdings LLC (DLLC...


June 25, 2015
2nd Circ. Won't Revive Dynegy Securities Fraud Class Action
... it was buying assets from Dynegy Holdings LLC with a “fair value” of approximately $1.25...


March 30, 2015
Rising Star: Akin Gump's Arik Preis
... in Dynegy Holdings, whose Chapter 11 began tumultuously when parent Dynegy Inc. moved its most...


January  6, 2015
Unhappy Caesars Bondholders Find Ally In EDMC Judge
... weakened operating unit. In 2012, an examiner appointed in the bankruptcy of Dynegy Holdings LLC found...


December  8, 2014
Bankruptcy MVP: O'Melveny's George Davis
... Dynegy purchased coal-fired and gas-powered facilities from Dynegy Holdings shortly before placing the...


October 29, 2014
Permit To Reopen NY Power Plant Was Rushed, Suit Claims
..., which purchased the facility in the Dynegy Holdings LLC Chapter 11 proceeding in August 2013 for just...


May 22, 2014
Helios Pushes NY For Quick Decision On Coal Plant Restart
... purchased the Danskammer facility in the Dynegy Holdings LLC Chapter 11 proceeding last August for just $3.5...


May  5, 2014
Dynegy Execs Escape Securities Fraud Class Action
... company was insolvent or nearly insolvent when it purchased the Dynegy Holdings assets, and told other...


April  2, 2014
NY Enviros Leap Into Action After Bid To Re-Fire Coal Plant
... after Helios, which purchased the facility in the Dynegy Holdings LLC Chapter 11 proceeding last...


March 20, 2014
Dynegy Denies Lying About Prebankruptcy Coal Deal 
...-fired and gas-powered facilities from Dynegy Holdings LLC in September 2011, shortly before placing the...


August 30, 2013
Dynegy Bankruptcy Judge OKs $3.5M Plant Sale To Helios
...'s bankrupt holding company Dynegy Holdings and its four operating subsidiaries filed for court protection in...


June  4, 2013
Dynegy Ch. 11 Plan Gets Nod Over Investor's Objections
....”

Dynegy's bankrupt holding company Dynegy Holdings and its four operating subsidiaries filed for court...


March 12, 2013
Dynegy's Plan To Liquidate 4 Units Wins Judge's OK
...; the four wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dynegy Holdings LLC that did not exit bankruptcy as part of the...


February 19, 2013
Dynegy Judge Says Ch. 11 Releases Don't Bar Investor Claims
... bankrupt holding company, Dynegy Holdings LLC, and emerge from bankruptcy by Oct. 1, 2012.

The plan was...


January 17, 2013
Bankruptcy Group Of The Year: Akin Gump
...-than-expected recoveries in billion-dollar bankruptcies such as Washington Mutual Inc. and Dynegy Holdings LLC brought the...


December 17, 2012
Dynegy Puts Up Ch. 11 Liquidation Plan For NY Subsidiaries
... restructuring Sept. 5, a plan that called for Dynegy to merge with its bankrupt holding company Dynegy Holdings...


December 10, 2012
Dynegy Gets $23M From Auction Of 2 NY Power Plants
... subsidiary Dynegy Holdings LLC, the holding company whose entry into Chapter 11 without its parent November...


December  6, 2012
Bankruptcy MVP: Quinn Emanuel's Susheel Kirpalani
...Susheel Kirpalani of Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan LLP boldly accused Dynegy Holdings LLC of...



	Show: 2050100200

← Previous 1 2 3 4 Next →














×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















