 



Dynegy Inc. Acquires Direct Ownership of Subsidiary Dynegy Coal Holdco, LLC | Business Wire
























































Dynegy Inc. Acquires Direct Ownership of 
      Subsidiary Dynegy Coal Holdco, LLC






September 02, 2011 07:59 AM Eastern Daylight Time



HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dynegy Inc. (the Company) (NYSE: DYN) today announced that it has 
      acquired direct ownership of Dynegy Coal Holdco, LLC (Coal Holdco), the 
      indirect parent of the Company’s subsidiary Dynegy Midwest Generation, 
      LLC (CoalCo). As announced on August 8, 2011, the Company established 
      CoalCo as part of an internal restructuring designed to increase 
      flexibility and optimize asset value by creating separate coal-fueled 
      and gas-fueled power generation units, for which $1.7 billion in stand 
      alone first lien financings were obtained. The transfer of Coal Holdco 
      will help the Company delever its consolidated balance sheet by 
      facilitating one or more potential transactions, which are currently 
      under consideration by the Finance and Restructuring Committee of the 
      Board. These potential transactions include exchanges of some or all of 
      Dynegy Holdings’ outstanding $3.5 billion in notes for new notes and/or 
      cash. Such transactions may be implemented in privately-negotiated 
      transactions or otherwise.
    

      The Company's management and Board of Directors concluded that the fair 
      value of the acquired equity stake in Coal Holdco, after taking into 
      account all debt obligations of CoalCo, including in particular its new 
      $600 million, five-year senior secured term loan facility, is 
      approximately $1.25 billion. This value was provided to Coal Holdco’s 
      former direct parent, Dynegy Gas Investments, LLC (DGI) through the 
      Company's issuance of an undertaking to make proportionate payments at 
      the times that Dynegy Holdings is obligated to make payments of 
      principal and interest under its $1.1 billion of 7.75% notes due 
      2019 and its $175 million of 7.625% notes due 2026. The undertaking does 
      not provide any rights or obligations with respect to any outstanding 
      Dynegy Holdings notes, including the notes due in 2019 and 2026.
    

      Immediately after closing the transfer, the undertaking was assigned by 
      DGI to its parent, Dynegy Holdings, for a note in the amount of $1.25 
      billion that matures in 2027. The undertaking provides for the reduction 
      of the Company's obligations if it or its subsidiaries (other than 
      Dynegy Holdings and its subsidiaries) acquire or retire any of Dynegy 
      Holdings' outstanding $3.5 billion of notes.
    

      FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
    

      This press release contains statements reflecting assumptions, 
      expectations, projections, intentions or beliefs about future events 
      that are intended as “forward-looking statements,” particularly those 
      statements concerning the Acquisition and the expected benefits 
      therefrom, as well as any further restructuring steps. Discussion of 
      risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
      materially from current projections, forecasts, estimates and 
      expectations of Dynegy is contained in Dynegy’s filings with the 
      Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). Specifically, Dynegy makes 
      reference to, and incorporates herein by reference, the section entitled 
      “Risk Factors” in its most recent Form 10-K and subsequent reports on 
      Form 10-Q. In addition to the risks and uncertainties set forth in 
      Dynegy’s SEC filings, the forward-looking statements described in this 
      press release could be affected by, among other things,(i) the 
      anticipated effectiveness of the overall restructuring activities and 
      any additional strategies to address Dynegy’s liquidity and capital 
      resources including accessing the capital markets; (ii) limitations on 
      Dynegy’s ability to utilize previously incurred federal net operating 
      losses or alternative minimum tax credits; (iii) the timing and 
      anticipated benefits to be achieved through Dynegy's cost savings 
      programs; (iv) beliefs and assumptions relating to liquidity, available 
      borrowing capacity and capital resources generally, including the extent 
      to which such liquidity could be affected by poor economic and financial 
      market conditions or new regulations and any resulting impacts on 
      financial institutions and other current and potential counterparties; 
      (v) expectations regarding environmental matters, including costs of 
      compliance, availability and adequacy of emission credits, and the 
      impact of ongoing proceedings and potential regulations or changes to 
      current regulations, including those relating to climate change, air 
      emissions, cooling water intake structures, coal combustion byproducts, 
      and other laws and regulations to which Dynegy is, or could become, 
      subject; (vi) beliefs about commodity pricing and generation volumes; 
      (vii) beliefs, assumptions and projections regarding the demand for 
      power, generation volumes and commodity pricing, including natural gas 
      prices and the impact on such prices from shale gas proliferation and 
      the timing of a recovery in natural gas prices, if any; (viii) 
      sufficiency of, access to and costs associated with coal, fuel oil and 
      natural gas inventories and transportation thereof; (ix) beliefs and 
      assumptions about market competition, generation capacity and regional 
      supply and demand characteristics of the wholesale power generation 
      market, including the anticipation of higher market pricing over the 
      longer term; (x) beliefs and assumptions regarding Dynegy’s ability to 
      enhance or protect long-term value for stockholders; (xi) the 
      effectiveness of Dynegy's strategies to capture opportunities presented 
      by changes in commodity prices and to manage its exposure to energy 
      price volatility; (xii) beliefs and assumptions about weather and 
      general economic conditions; (xiii) expectations regarding Dynegy's new 
      credit facilities compliance, collateral demands, interest expense and 
      other payments; (xiv) Dynegy's focus on safety and its ability to 
      efficiently operate its assets so as to maximize its revenue generating 
      opportunities and operating margins; (xv) beliefs about the outcome of 
      legal, regulatory, administrative and legislative matters; and (xvi) 
      expectations and estimates regarding capital and maintenance 
      expenditures, including the Midwest Consent Decree and its associated 
      costs. Any or all of Dynegy’s forward-looking statements may turn out to 
      be wrong. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or 
      unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond 
      Dynegy’s control.
    


Contacts

      Dynegy Inc.Media: 713-767-5800orAnalysts: 713-507-6466
    

















Contacts

      Dynegy Inc.Media: 713-767-5800orAnalysts: 713-507-6466
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up



























Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco, LLC in Houston, TX - (713) 507-6400





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco, LLC





                    (Equipwer Rsources Holdings LLC)
                





Equipwer Rsources Holdings LLC























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco, LLC



601 Travis St
Houston, TX 77002






Contact:
Robert C Flexon


Title:
Chief Executive Officer


Phone:


                        713-507-6400
                    



Website:







There are 

37
                Companies located at 601 Travis St, Houston, TX 77002
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco, which also operates under the name Equipwer Rsources Holdings LLC, is located in Houston, Texas. This organization primarily operates in the Generation, Electric Power business / industry within the Electric, Gas and Sanitary Services sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 7 years. Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco is estimated to generate $349.3 million in annual revenues, and employs approximately 400 people at this single location.









Sector:

Electric, Gas and Sanitary Services



Category:

Electric Services



Industry:

Generation, Electric Power




SIC Code:

4911











Name:
Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco, LLC


Year Founded:


2010






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 349,255,509



Employees:

400



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 77002






Percentage Population



8,842
White
3,248
Hispanic
6,687
Black
366
Asian
82
Native American
16
Hawaiian
1,001
Other


52.7 %
White
19.3 %
Hispanic
39.8 %
Black
2.2 %
Asian
0.5 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
6.0 %
Other













Population




Population 
16,793




Female17.6%2,954


Male82.4%13,839




Median Age

33.4




Female32.9


Male33.5






























Questions & Answers









What are the annual sales for Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco?





Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco generates approximately $349.3 million in annual sales.







Is there a key contact at Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco?





Robert C Flexon is the Chief Executive Officer at Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco. You can contact Robert at (713) 507-6400.







How big is Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco?





Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco is estimated to generate $349.3 million in annual revenues, and employs approximately 400 people at this location.









Who is the CEO of Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco?





The CEO of Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco is Robert C Flexon.







How many people work at Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco?





Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco has approximately 400 employees at this location.







How long has Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco been in business?





Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco has been in business for approximately 7 years.







What is the phone number for Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco?





The phone number for Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco is (713) 507-6400







Where is Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco located?





Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco is located at 601 Travis St, Houston, TX 77002.







Are there other companies located at 601 Travis St, Houston, TX?





There are 37 commercial tenants at 601 Travis St, Houston, TX.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 77002






Average House Value


                                $ 220,400
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 66,776
                            



Number of Households

3,080



Persons per Household

1.31













Number of Businesses

5,517



Number of Employees

84,225



Land Area (square miles)

2.019



Water Area (square miles)

0.049



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close






































 













 




Dynegy Resources Generating Holdco LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























dynegy resources generating holdco llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Utilities
Industry: Utilities
Sub-Industry: Power Generation





Corporate Information
Address:

NY
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































    Dynegy Inc. - Energy Business Review























Jump to page content
Accessibility






Log in or
          Register for enhanced features |
          Forgotten Password?





White Papers | 
			Suppliers | 
			Events | 
			Report Store | 
			Companies |
			Dining Club |
			Videos






Oil & Gas

Drilling & Production
Exploration & Development
Refining & Petrochemicals
Transportation & Storage

Power Generation

Biofuels & Biomass
Fossil Fuel
Geothermal
Hydro
Nuclear
Solar
Wind

Power Distribution

Utilities Network
Utilities Retail

Mining & Commodities

Carbon
Coal
Minerals & Materials
Nuclear Fuels

Clean Technology
Digital Transformation

Intelligent Edge
Enable Digital
Optimise Core







Energy Business Review
All Energy Business Review 























Return to:  EBR Home  |  Companies






 Dynegy Inc.








Company


Key Employees


Locations/Subsidiaries


Products/Services


News








Dynegy Inc.
                      Suite 1400
                      601 Travis Street
                      Houston
                      United States of America


                    Phone: 1 713 5076400

                    www.dynegy.com
                    

                      No. employees: 2,591
                    Turnover: 4,318.00 (US$m)
                    Financial year end: December

                



Company Overview

Top Competitors



American Electric Power Company, Inc.



Avista Corporation



Calpine Corporation



Edison International



Entergy Corporation



FirstEnergy Corp.



Pattern Energy Group Inc



PG&E Corporation







Key Employees
Pat Wood, III
                      Chairman, Executive Board
                      Hilary E. Ackermann
                      Director, Non Executive Board
                      Paul M. Barbas
                      Director, Non Executive Board
                      Richard Kuersteiner
                      Director, Non Executive Board
                      John R. Sult
                      Director, Non Executive Board
                      Jeffrey S. Stein
                      Director, Non Executive Board
                      Tyler G Reeder
                      Director, Non Executive Board
                      Catherine C. James
                      Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer, Senior Management
                      Henry D. Jones
                      Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer, Senior Management
                      Clint C. Freeland
                      Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Senior Management
                      Carolyn J. Burke 
                      Executive Vice President - Strategy, Senior Management
                      Mario E. Alonso
                      Executive Vice President, General Manager - Plant Operations-ERCOT & CAISO & Supply Chain, Senior Management
                      Julius Cox
                      Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, Senior Management
                      Martin W. Daley
                      Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Senior Management
                      Sheree M. Petrone 
                      Executive Vice President - Retail, Senior Management
                      Dean M Ellis
                      Senior Vice President - Regulatory Government Affairs, Senior Management
              


Locations/Subsidiaries

              Suite 1400,
              601 Travis Street,
              Houston,
              Texas,
              United States of America
              Phone: 1 713 5076400

              1500 Eastport Plaza Drive,
              Collinsville,
              Illinois,
              United States of America

              Suite 1500,
              312 Walnut Street,
              Cincinnati,
              Ohio,
              United States of America
Atlas Power
              United States of America
Dynegy Coal Holdco, LLC
              United States of America
Dynegy Finance I, Inc.
              Texas,
              United States of America
Dynegy Finance II, Inc.
              United States of America
Dynegy Gas Investments, LLC
              United States of America
Dynegy Kendall Energy LLC
              1401 North County Line Road,
              Minooka,
              Illinois,
              United States of America
Dynegy Midwest Generation, Inc.
              Suite 5800,
              1000 Louisiana Street,
              Houston,
              Texas,
              United States of America
              Phone: 1 713 5606400
              Fax: 1 800 6334704
Dynegy Moss Landing, LLC
              Hwy 1 & Dolan Rd,
              Moss Landing,
              California,
              United States of America
              Phone: 1 831 6336700
Dynegy Oakland, LLC
              50 Martin Luther King Jr Way,
              Oakland,
              California,
              United States of America
Dynegy Resource Holdings, LLC
              United States of America
Dynegy South Bay, LLC
              990 Bay Blvd,
              Chula Vista,
              California,
              United States of America
Illinova Corporation
              500 South 27th Street,
              Decatur,
              United States of America
              Phone: 1 217 4246600


Products/Services

Products:
Electricity


Services:
Sale of Electrical Energy
Capacity and Ancillary Services






Companies Directory














 Intelligence



Latest White Papers












Successful Revamp of “Cold Finger” to Drizo™ at Ekofisk
          
            Published by PROSERNAT
            
White Papers













SmartPlant Enterprise for Owner Operations: Interface Management
          
            Published by Hexagon
            
White Papers













New coating systems by AHC Oberflächentechnik protect aluminium-cast alloys from corrosion
          
            Published by AHC Oberflächentechnik 
            
Power Distribution > Utilities Network > White Papers













Ifpexol™ IFPEn Integrated Process for Natural Gas Full Treatment
          
            Published by PROSERNAT
            
White Papers









 






Suppliers Directory




                             Spotlight Suppliers                        
                        
By Sector
A-Z








HSP & Trench Bushing Group - Premium High Voltage Bushings 
                            HSP & Trench Bushing Group is your partner of choice when looking for premium high voltage bushings. The Group develops and produces quality tailor-made products and services such as bushings for  transformer, switchgear, generator, HVDC and SF6-applications up to the highest service voltage. Furthermore, they offer service, maintenance and customer training expertise for HSP & Trench equipment as well as for bushing from other manufacturers.
                            
Suppliers







Bea Technologies SpA - Filtration Technology 
                            For over thirty years BEA has been manufacturing and commercialising a wide range of highly innovative technical products for the filtration of liquids and compressed gases.    
                            
Suppliers







Alphatec Engineering - Industrial Machinery Regrouting Services
                            The Alphatec Group was established in 1977 and our main business has been contracting; regrouting industrial machinery for which cement-based grouts have failed, and replacing them with permanent polymer grouts, properly designed to perform as the interface between machine and foundation. We also repair machinery foundations, restoring the concrete integrity and its ability to damp out vibrations and formulate and manufacture quality polymer products for use by other professionals.
                            
Oil & Gas > Exploration & Development > Suppliers







BHDT – Best High Pressure & Drilling Technology 
 BHDT´s core business features design, calculation, production and testing of high pressure components, which all adhere to international standards and specifications. In accordance with ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ASME BPVC and API Q1, the company´s quality and environmental management systems are documented in detailed manuals, and certified by various Third Parties. 
                            
Oil & Gas > Drilling & Production > Suppliers




 

Oil & Gas
Drilling & Production
                       
                      
Exploration & Development
                       
                      
Refining & Petrochemicals
                       
                      
Transportation & Storage
                       
                      

Power Generation
Biofuels & Biomass
                       
                      
Fossil Fuel
                       
                      
Geothermal
                       
                      
Hydro
                       
                      
Nuclear
                       
                      
Solar
                       
                      
Wind
                       
                      

Power Distribution
Utilities Network
                       
                      
Utilities Retail
                       
                      

Mining & Commodities
Carbon
                       
                      
Coal
                       
                      
Minerals & Materials
                       
                      
Nuclear Fuels
                       
                      
 

#
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
 
 












































About us
Accessibility
Advertise with us
Contact us


Help
Privacy
RSS feeds
Site map
Dining Club


Browse By Sector
Browse By Network
Business Review Sites


Mining & Commodities
Oil & Gas
Power Generation
Power Distribution


Biofuels & Biomass
Carbon
Coal
Drilling & Production
Exploration & Development


Fossil Fuel
Geothermal
Hydro
Minerals & Materials
Nuclear


Nuclear Fuels
Refining & Petrochemicals
Solar
Transportation & Storage
Utilities Network


Utilities Retail
Wind


Auto
Banking
Clean Technology
Drinks
Energy


Food
Insurance
Logistics
Medical Devices
Packaging


Pharmaceutical
Retail
Technology
Webinars








    © EBR 2017. Part of Progressive Trade Media Ltd.
  



























Dynegy Generation Holdco, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:17 AM ET

Company Overview of Dynegy Generation Holdco, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Dynegy Generation Holdco, LLC was incorporated in 2012 and is based in Houston, Texas. The company operates as a subsidiary of Dynegy Inc.


601 Travis StreetSuite 1400Houston, TX 77002United StatesFounded in 2012



Phone: 713-507-6400








Key Executives for Dynegy Generation Holdco, LLC


Dynegy Generation Holdco, LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Dynegy Generation Holdco, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Energy Supplier For Home & Business | Dynegy










































 News
Careers
Contact Us
 


 


About Dynegy 
 Dynegy Values
Community
News
Careers 
 Job Openings
Life at Dynegy - Culture
Why Dynegy?

Leadership
Governance
Supplier Relations
Contact Us

Locations
Investors 
 Presentations & Events
SEC Filings
Leadership & Governance
Annual Reports
Alerts
Financial Snapshot
Analyst Coverage
Stock Information
Stockholder FAQ
Investor Contacts

Home & Business 
 Dynegy Retail
Homefield Energy

Community 
 Giving
Volunteering



 









	More than just megawatts
	At Dynegy, we're committed to providing power safely, responsibly and honestly  



	More than just megawatts
	At Dynegy, we're committed to providing power safely, responsibly and honestly  









	AWARD WINNING
	Highest in Residential CustomerSatisfaction with Retail Electric Service in Ohio - J.D. Power  



	AWARD WINNING
	Highest in Residential CustomerSatisfaction with Retail Electric Service in Ohio - J.D. Power  







 
News


Jul 20, 2017 • Dynegy Schedules 2017 Second Quarter Financial Results Release and Conference Call




Jul 11, 2017 • Dynegy Reaches Agreement to Sell Three Power Generating Assets




MORE



 
DYN Jul 28 2017  9:54AM
8.93 USD 0.18 (2.06%)










 



	Energy for your
	Home & Business













 



	Dynegy in the 
	News













 



	Information for
	Investors


















	Dynegy in the
	Community











	LEARN MORE ABOUT DYNEGY






	LEARN MORE ABOUT THE ENGIE ACQUISITION






 


| Legal Notices
| CCR Compliance
| Awards and Recognition
| Contact Us
| In the Community
| Sitemap


© 2016 Dynegy Inc. All Rights Reserved
















×


















Third Amended  Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement Of Dynegy Generation Holdco, Llc - Llc Operating Agreement  - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > LLC Operating Agreement     > THIRD AMENDED  RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT OF DYNEGY GENERATION HOLDCO, LLC

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Third Amended  Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement Of Dynegy Generation Holdco, Llc
LLC Operating Agreement 



You are currently viewing:
 This LLC Operating Agreement involves DYNEGY POWER MARKETING, LLC | Amended  Restated Limited Liability Company | DECAM Generation HoldCo, LLC | Dynegy Commercial Asset Management, LLC | Dynegy Generation Holdco, LLC | Vice President, Group. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: THIRD AMENDED  RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT OF DYNEGY GENERATION HOLDCO, LLC Governing Law: Delaware      Date: 6/2/2015 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









 

Exhibit 3.131
 

THIRD AMENDED &
RESTATED
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT
OF
DYNEGY GENERATION HOLDCO, LLC
 

This Amended & Restated
Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement (together with the
schedules attached hereto, this “
Agreement ”) of Dynegy Generation
Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“
Company ”), is entered into by Dynegy
Commercial Asset Management, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company
(the “ Member ”), as the sole
equity member, and effective as of April 10, 2015.
 Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have
the meanings set forth on Schedule A hereto.

 

WHEREAS, the Company was formed by
the filing of a Certificate of Formation with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware on May 31, 2012, under the name
DECAM Generation HoldCo, LLC;

 

WHEREAS, the Certificate of
Formation was amended on April 2, 2015 to: (i) reflect a
change in the name of the Company to Dynegy Generation Holdco, LLC
and (ii) reflect a change in the Registered Agent and
Registered Office of the Company;

 

WHEREAS, the Certificate of
Formation of the Member was amended on April 6, 2015 and
effective as of April 2, 2015 to: (i) reflect a change in
the name of the Member to Dynegy Commercial Asset Management, LLC
and (ii) reflect a change in the Registered Agent and
Registered Office of the Member;

 

WHEREAS, the Member has agreed to be
bound by the terms and conditions of and is party to the Second
Amended and Restated LLC Operating Agreement of the Company, dated
as of April 2, 2015, as further amended and restated from time
to time (the “ Second Amended and Restated LLC
Agreement ”); and

 

WHEREAS, the Member desires for the
Second Amended and Restated LLC Agreement to be amended and
restated as stated herein.  This Agreement is effective as of
the date first written above and supersedes and replaces entirely
any and all prior agreements governing the operations of the
Company and the rights and obligations of its Member.

 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of
the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein and other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree to amend, restate
and replace the Original LLC Agreement in its entirety and to
continue the Company as a limited liability company under the Act
upon the following terms and conditions:

 

ARTICLE I

Name .
 

The name of the limited liability
company hereby is Dynegy Generation Holdco, LLC.
 






 

ARTICLE II

Principal Business
Office .
 

The principal business office of the
Company shall be located at 601 Travis Street, Suite 1400
Houston, Texas 77002, or such other location as may hereafter be
determined by the Member.

 

ARTICLE III

Registered Office
.
 

The address of the registered office
of the Company in the State of Delaware is 1675 South State Street,
Suite B, County of Kent, City of Dover, Delaware
19901.

 

ARTICLE IV

Registered Agent
.
 

The name and address of the
registered agent of the Company for service of process on the
Company in the State of Delaware is Capitol Services, Inc,
1675 South State Street, Suite B, County of Kent, City of
Dover, Delaware 19901.

 

ARTICLE V

Members .
 

Section 5.01  The mailing
address of the Member is set forth on Schedule B attached
hereto.

 

Section 5.02  The Member
may act by written consent.

 

ARTICLE VI

Certificates
.
 

The Certificate of Formation was
filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on May 31, 2012
by an “authorized person” within the meaning of the
Act, and the Member hereby ratifies and approves such filing. 
The Member shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause
amendments to the Certificate of Formation to be executed and filed
whenever required by the Act.

 

The Member shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to take such other actions as may
be reasonably necessary to perfect and maintain the status of the
Company as a limited liability company under the laws of the State
of Delaware.

 

The Member shall cause the Company
to be qualified, formed or registered under assumed or fictitious
name statutes or similar laws in any jurisdiction in which the
Company transacts business in which such qualification, formation
or registration is required or desirable.  The Member shall
cause the Company to execute, deliver and file any certificates
(and any amendments and/or restatements thereof) necessary for the
Company to qualify to do business in a jurisdiction in which the
Company may wish to conduct business.
 
2 





 

The existence of the Company as a
separate legal entity shall continue until cancellation of the
Certificate of Formation as provided in the Act.

 

ARTICLE VII

Purposes .
 

The purpose to be conducted or
promoted by the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity
and to exercise any powers permitted to limited liability companies
organized under the laws of the State of Delaware.

 

ARTICLE VIII

Powers .
 

The Company, and the Officers of the
Company on behalf of the Company, (i) shall have and exercise
all powers necessary, convenient or incidental to accomplish its
purposes as set forth in ARTICLE VII and
(ii) shall have and exercise all of the powers and rights
conferred upon limited liability companies formed pursuant to the
Act.

 

ARTICLE IX

Management
.
 

Section 9.01  Member
Managed .  The business and affairs of the Company shall
be managed by or under the direction of the Member.

 

Section 9.02 
Powers .  The Member shall have the power to do any and
all acts necessary, convenient or incidental to or for the
furtherance of the purposes described herein, including all powers,
statutory or otherwise.  The Member has the authority to bind
the Company.

 

Section 9.03 
Officers .  The Officers of the Company shall be
designated by the Member.  The additional or successor
Officers of the Company shall be chosen by the Member and shall
consist of at least a President, a Vice President, Secretary and
Treasurer.  Any number of offices may be held by the same
person.  The Member may appoint such other Officers and agents
as it shall deem necessary or advisable who shall hold their
offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform
such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the
Member.  The salaries of all Officers and agents of the
Company shall be fixed by or in the manner prescribed by the
Member.  The Officers of the Company shall hold office until
their successors are chosen and qualified.  Any Officer may be
removed at any time, with or without cause, by the Member. 
Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Company shall be filled
by the Member.

 

Section 9.04  Officers
as Agents .  The Officers, to the extent of their powers
set forth in this Agreement or otherwise vested in them by action
of the Member not inconsistent with this Agreement, are agents of
the Company for the purpose of the Company’s business and the
actions of the Officers taken in accordance with such powers shall
bind the Company.

 

Section 9.05  Duties of
Officers .  Except to the extent otherwise provided
herein, each Officer shall have a fiduciary duty of loyalty and
care similar to that of officers of business corporations organized
under the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware.
 
3 





 

ARTICLE X

Limited Liability
.
 

Except as otherwise expressly
provided by the Act, the debts, obligations and liabilities of the
Company, whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise, shall be
the debts, obligations and liabilities solely of the Company, and
neither the Member nor any Officer shall be obligated personally
for any such debt, obligation or liability of the Company solely by
reason of being a Member or Officer of the Company.

 

ARTICLE XI

Additional
Contributions .
 

The Member has not and shall not at
any time be required to make any capital contributions to the
Company.  The Member may, but shall not be required to, make
contributions to the capital of the Company from time to
time.  No interest shall be paid on capital contributions made
by any Member.  No Member shall have any duty or obligation to
any creditor of the Company to make any contribution to the Company
or to issue any call for capital pursuant to this
Agreement.

 

ARTICLE XII

Allocation of Profits and
Losses .
 

The Company’s profits and
losses shall be allocated to the Member.

 

ARTICLE XIII

Distributions
.
 

Distributions shall be made to the
Member at the times and in the aggregate amounts determined by the
Member.  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary
contained in this Agreement, the Company shall not make a
distribution to the Member on account of its interest in the
Company if such distribution would violate Section 18-607 of
the Act.

 

ARTICLE XIV

Books and Records
.
 

The Member shall keep or cause to be
kept complete and accurate books of account and records with
respect to the Company’s business.  The books of the
Company shall at all times be maintained by the Member.  The
Company’s books of account shall be kept using the method of
accounting determined by the Member.  The Company’s
independent auditor, if any, shall be an independent public
accounting firm selected by the Member.

 

ARTICLE XV

Other Business
.
 

The Member and any Affiliate of the
Member may engage in or possess an interest in other business
ventures (unconnected with the Company) of every kind and
description, independently or with others notwithstanding any
provision to the contrary at law or in equity. The Company shall
not have any rights in or to such independent ventures or the
income or profits therefrom by virtue of this Agreement.
 
4 





 

ARTICLE XVI

Exculpation and
Indemnification .
 

Section 16.01  To the
fullest extent permitted by law, neither the Member nor any
Officer, employee or agent of the Company nor any employee,
representative, agent or Affiliate of the Member (collectively, the
“ Covered Persons ”) shall be
liable to the Company or any other Person that is a party to or is
otherwise bound by this Agreement, for any loss, damage or claim
incurred by reason of any act or omission performed or omitted by
such Covered Person in good faith on behalf of the Company and in a
manner reasonably believed to be within the scope of the authority
conferred on such Covered Person by this Agreement, except that a
Covered Person shall be liable for any such loss, damage or claim
incurred by reason of such Covered Person’s gross negligence
or willful misconduct.

 

Section 16.02  To the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, a Covered Person shall
be entitled to indemnification from the Company for any loss,
damage or claim incurred by such Covered Person by reason of any
act or omission performed or omitted by such Covered Person in good
faith on behalf of the Company and in a manner reasonably believed
to be within the scope of the authority conferred on such Covered
Person by this Agreement, except that no Covered Person shall be
entitled to be indemnified in respect of any loss, damage or claim
incurred by such Covered Person by reason of such Covered
Person’s gross negligence or willful misconduct with respect
to such acts or omissions; provided , however , that
any indemnity under this ARTICLE XVI by the Company
shall be provided out of and to the extent of Company assets only,
and the Member shall not have personal liability on account
thereof.

 

Section 16.03  To the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, expenses (including
legal fees) incurred by a Covered Person defending any claim,
demand, action, suit or proceeding shall, from time to time, be
advanced by the Company prior to the final disposition of such
claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding upon receipt by the
Company of an undertaking by or on behalf of the Covered Person to
repay such amount if it shall be determined that the Covered Person
is not entitled to be indemnified as authorized in this
ARTICLE XVI .

 

Section 16.04  A Covered
Person shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the
records of the Company and upon such information, opinions, reports
or statements presented to the Company by any Person as to matters
the Covered Person reasonably believes are within such other
Person’s professional or expert competence and who has been
selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Company,
including information, opinions, reports or statements as to the
value and amount of the assets, liabilities, or any other facts
pertinent to the existence and amount of assets from which
distributions to the Member might properly be paid.

 

Section 16.05  To the
extent that, at law or in equity, a Covered Person has duties
(including fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating thereto to
the Company or to any other Covered Person, a Covered Person acting
under this Agreement shall not be liable to the Company or to any
other Covered Person for its good faith reliance on the provisions
of this Agreement or any approval or authorization granted by the
Company or any other Covered Person.  The provisions of this
Agreement, to the extent that they restrict the duties and
liabilities of a Covered Person otherwise existing at law or in
equity, are agreed by the Member to replace such other duties and
liabilities of such Covered Person.
 
5 





 

Section 16.06  The
foregoing provisions of this ARTICLE XVI shall survive
any termination of this Agreement.

 

ARTICLE XVII

Assignments
.
 

The Member may assign its
limited


 








 


















LLC Operating Agreement, LLC Operating Contracts - Free Legal Documents (page 1 Of 137)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > LLC Operating Agreement    

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>




 Legal professionals use RealDealDocs to gather competitive intelligence, draft documents and to find specific information about transactions within a particular industry or sector, and you can too. These are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. You can view sample LLC operating contracts or download LLC operating agreements from RealDealDocs. We have thousands of sample LLC operating agreements, and millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free. Finding relevant agreements to use in your own work no longer has to be difficult, confusing or expensive. The many sample LLC operating agreements from RealDealDocs have been drafted by top law firms from across the United States and around the world, and they can save you or your company valuable time and money when you need a reliable LLC operating contract or template in a hurry. Benefit from the work of those that have gone before you, and leverage the efforts and thinking of the best lawyers from the top law firms and Fortune 500 companies, without all the hassle or expense. Download LLC operating agreements from RealDealDocs today for the quick and easy way to use millions of legal agreements and clauses from top law firms across the US and around the world to your advantage. To view any of the sample LLC operating contracts below, simply click on its title. For advanced search click here. 



LLC Operating Agreements 





	These LLC Operating Agreements are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. Use them for competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about transactions within a particular industry or sector. We have millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free.	



1) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: TRILINC GLOBAL IMPACT FUND LLC | TRILINC ADVISORS, LLC | TRILINC GLOBAL IMPACT FUND, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
2) THE SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED OPERATING AND MEMBER CONTROL AGREEMENT OF GRANITE FALLS ENERGY, LLCParties: GRANITE FALLS ENERGY, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/29/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Minnesota
3) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF SPARTAN MERGER SUB 2, LLCParties: SURGICAL CARE AFFILIATES, INC. | Spartan Merger Sub 2, LLC | UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED 
								
								Document Date: 3/24/2017

4) AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF CENTENNIAL RESOURCE PRODUCTION, LLCParties: CENTENNIAL RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT, INC. | Centennial Resource Development, Inc | CENTENNIAL RESOURCE PRODUCTION, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
5) OPERATING AGREEMENT OF GK SERVICES, LLCParties: GK SERVICES INC | Cintas Corporation | GK Services, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/22/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Minnesota
6) AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF SHEPHERD'S FINANCE, LLC AUTHORIZING SERIES C CUMULATIVE REDEEMABLE PREFERRED UNITSParties: SHEPHERD'S FINANCE, LLC | Investor's Mark Acquisitions, LLC | SK Funding, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/21/2017

7) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT OF LAGOON LLCParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | Lagoon LLC | Westlake Chemical Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
8) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE NG V LLCParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | WESTECH BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC | WESTLAKE NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
9) AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | Westlake Building Products, Inc | Westlake NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
10) FIRST AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE STYRENE LLCParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | Westlake Chemical Holdings, Inc | Westlake Chemical Investments, Inc | Westlake Olefins Corporation | WESTLAKE STYRENE LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
11) FIRST AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE STYRENE LLCParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | Westlake Chemical Holdings, Inc | Westlake Chemical Investments, Inc | Westlake Olefins Corporation | WESTLAKE STYRENE LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
12) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT OF LAGOON LLCParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | Lagoon LLC | Westlake Chemical Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
13) AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | Westlake Building Products, Inc | Westlake NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
14) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE NG V LLCParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | WESTECH BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC | WESTLAKE NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
15) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC, a Utah limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED UNIFORM LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

16) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES SOUTHEAST, LLC | Its Manager, CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
17) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
18) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
19) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR B, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | AVR B, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
20) Limited Liability Company Agreement of Donnelley Financial, LLCParties: DONNELLEY FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS, INC. | DF LLC | Donnelley Financial, LLC | R R Donnelley  Sons Company 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
21) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR A, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
22) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR HOMETOWN SOUTH , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | HOMETOWN SOUTH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
23) AMENDED  RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN TOWNHOMES , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN TOWNHOMES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
24) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR THE RETREAT AT RIDGEGATE LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | RIDGEGATE, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
25) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

26) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR A, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
27) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT STERLING RANCH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | STERLING RANCH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
28) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR C, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | AVR C, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
29) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR C, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | AVR C, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
30) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT LANDMARK , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | LANDMARK, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
31) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
32) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC, a Utah limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED UNIFORM LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

33) AMENDED  RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN TOWNHOMES , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN TOWNHOMES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
34) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR B, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | AVR B, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
35) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

36) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
37) OPERATING AGREEMENT OF CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF UTAH, LLCParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | Century Communities, Inc | Utah Revised Uniform Limited Liability Company | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

38) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT LANDMARK , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | LANDMARK, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
39) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
40) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR THE RETREAT AT RIDGEGATE LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | RIDGEGATE, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
41) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
42) OPERATING AGREEMENT OF CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF UTAH, LLCParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | Century Communities, Inc | Utah Revised Uniform Limited Liability Company | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

43) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES SOUTHEAST, LLC | Its Manager, CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
44) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT STERLING RANCH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | STERLING RANCH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
45) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR HOMETOWN SOUTH , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | HOMETOWN SOUTH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
46) Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT March 6, 2017Parties: BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC | JP Morgan Securities LLC | Morgan Stanley  Co LLC | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
								Law Firm: Cravath Swaine;Baker Botts
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
47) MRC P ERMIAN LKE C OMPANY , LLC LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM DELAWARE, LLC | LONGWOOD GATHERING AND DISPOSAL SYSTEMS GP, INC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | MRC Permian LKE Company, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
48) LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS , LLC COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM SOUTH TEXAS, LLC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems GP, Inc | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
49) MRC P ERMIAN LKE C OMPANY , LLC LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS, LLC | LONGWOOD GATHERING AND DISPOSAL SYSTEMS GP, INC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | MRC Permian LKE Company, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
50) LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS , LLC COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM DELAWARE, LLC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems GP, Inc | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445464748495051525354555657585960616263646566676869707172737475767778798081828384858687888990919293949596979899100101102103104105106107108109110111112113114115116117118119120121122123124125126127128129130131132133134135136137 
 
 

 












