










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 

Dzzom Delaware Corp raised $225,000 on November 25th, 2015































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/389739-dzzom-delaware-corpsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=389739  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Dzzom Delaware Corp raised $225,000 on November 25th, 2015.Get alertedif Dzzom Delaware Corp gets funded!Amount:$225,000Company:Dzzom Delaware CorpInvestors:-Industry:BiotechnologyCountry:State:City:United StatesMassachusettsBostonKey people:Albert Barabsi (Director) Peter Ruppert (Director) Marcell Veidner (Director, Executive Officer, Promoter)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - DZZOM Delaware Corp. (0001658821) (Filer)Description:A 230K round of financing was raised by Dzzom Delaware Corp, a Boston, United States-based firm specialized in Biotechnology in 2015, November 25th.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

DZZOM Delaware Corporation: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:21 AM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of DZZOM Delaware Corporation



Snapshot People




Company Overview
DZZOM Delaware Corporation focuses on accelerating drug development by uncovering and analyzing disease modules in the human protein-protein interaction network for predicting missing links between genes. The company was incorporated in 2013 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts.


111 Huntington Avenue26Th FloorBoston, MA 02199United StatesFounded in 2013



Phone: 617-580-1777

dzzom.com







Key Executives for DZZOM Delaware Corporation




Mr. Marcell Veidner MBM


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Dr. Joseph Loscalzo M.D., Ph.D.


      	Co-Founder and Member of Scientific Advisory Board
      


Age: 66
        







Mr. Péter Ruppert


      	Co-Founder, Strategic Advisor and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 20n Labs, Inc. United States 23andMe, Inc. United States 2C Tech Corporation, Inc. United States 3-V Biosciences, Inc. United States 3Bar Biologics Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 20, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact DZZOM Delaware Corporation, please visit dzzom.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























DZZOM DELAWARE CORP Boston MA, 02199 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Dzzom Delaware Corp
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Dzzom Delaware Corp



111 Huntington Ave

Boston,
							
							
							 MA
							
							
							 02199-7610
							
							 |  view map


(617) 580-1777

www.dzzom.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

DZZOM DELAWARE CORP in Boston, MA.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2013
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Ideal Construction CO


RAM Enterprises Inc


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Barnes & Noble


Coats Electric CO Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


Hammer & CO


Walbro








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Dzzom Delaware Corp
Rate Dzzom Delaware Corp on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Dzzom Delaware Corp
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOGT JAMES B MD
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOGUE
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VUDEN INC
VOLTAIRE
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

ADVENT I LLC
CONTORNO INC
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
GOODY 2 SHOES
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

AZURADISC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
PANALPINA INC
STINGER WELDING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  
















Contracting Profile: Dzzom Delaware Corp. Boston MA

























 



  
    Dzzom Delaware Corp. - Boston, MA vendor 079189632            Vendors    Dzzom Delaware Corp. - Boston, MA          Add Alert          Sign Up     Actions     Add to Partners             Claim Vendor              Similar Vendors              Related Contracts      Related Projects       Help         Dzzom Delaware Corp. Boston MA   Federal Vendor        Last active 3 weeks ago                     


     0 of 5 with 0 ratings              Welcome to GovTribe!   We provide software that helps government contractors manage their sales pipelines.   Plans start at $24 a month.   Try For Free          Need Help?   GovTribe hosts weekly webinars on various topic related to the government contrating industry. Sign up for one today.   Learn more              Name    Dzzom Delaware Corp. Boston MA        Division    Not Listed        Parent    Not Listed        Address     111 Huntington Ave 26Th Fl Boston, MA 02199 USA             Website    http://www.dzzom.com        Primary Category    Not Listed        Size    Not Listed        Contact(s)      Marcell Veidner Sales(E-Business) P: 6173424000          Structure    Corporate Entity (Not Tax Exempt)        Designations        Grants                                  

















 SECGems:

Form D 
	
		
		DZZOM Delaware Corp.
		
	

	

   


	0000897069-16-001104 








































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  
































 DZZOM Delaware Corp. 

					D
				

					  0000897069-16-001104 
				


				Notice of exempt offering of securities - made without registration ( Regulation D and Section 4 Small Businesses ) 










 
							filing date 
						


Nov. 7, 2016

 
							effectiveness date 
						


Nov. 7, 2016

 
							date of filing date change 
						


Nov. 7, 2016



Signed By

 Alif Saleh


						accession number
					
 
						
						  0000897069-16-001104
						
					

						type
					
 
						
						  D
						
					

						public document count
					
 
						
						  1
						
					

							items descs
						

								06b Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Rule 506(b)
							





New!



		Contact
	


Looking to load all Form D filings easily into a spreadsheet or database?

Subscribe to files containing this and  over 250,000++ Form D filings from 2008 - Now
Easily sort / filter/graph offerings based on 'Offering Amount', 'city/state', 'Industry','# investors', and every field seen in this filing


Load in Microsoft Excel / Google Sheets 
Developers: CSV files work with Python / Java / databases, etc
API access Get access to all filings - old and new via real-time API
Real-Time alerts for this and all other form types






Key documents and exhibits


Link:
Type
Id
filename




 
					
 	  					D
 	  				
				


D


1


 primary_doc.xml







 






	  Primary Issuer 
	


DZZOM Delaware Corp.


			[ Corporation ] 
			 Jurisdiction: 
			DELAWARE
		


	 
	
	 C/O FOLEY & LARDNER LLP
	 
	  111 HUNTINGTON AVENUE, 26TH FLOOR
	
	   BOSTON, 
	   MA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   (617) 580-1777    
	    

		
	

	  Related Persons
	


Alif Saleh

[ Executive Officer ] 
[ Director ] 
[ Promoter ] 

	 
	
	 c/o Foley & Lardner LLP
	 
	 ,  111 Huntington Avenue, 26th Floor
	
	  ,  Boston, 
	   MA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


Miklos Kobor

[ Director ] 

	 
	
	 c/o Foley & Lardner LLP
	 
	 ,  111 Huntington Avenue, 26th Floor
	
	  ,  Boston, 
	   MA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


Peter Ruppert

[ Director ] 

	 
	
	 c/o Foley & Lardner LLP
	 
	 ,  111 Huntington Avenue, 26th Floor
	
	  ,  Boston, 
	   MA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


		  Industry
		

		 Biotechnology 
		

			Offering Data
		

			Revenue range: Decline to Disclose


Date of first sale: 
2016-10-20


			
				[ Option, Warrant or Right ]
			
				[ Equity ]
			
				[ Security to be acquired ]
			
		

			Total offer 
		
 
			$ 1,075,000
		

			Total sold 
		
 
			$ 575,000
		

			Total remaining 
		
 
			$ 500,000
		

			# investors
		
 
			12 investors have already invested in this offering
		



			Signature
		


				DZZOM Delaware Corp. [ Alif Saleh ]  
				Alif Saleh [ Chief Executive Officer and President ] 2016-11-06
			
















Type
Filing
Company
SIC
Rel
IRS #
State of INC
FY End
Mailing address
Former
Filing Vals


filer







DZZOM Delaware Corp.
 Cik: 0001658821
		  
		
			


	
		

	 
	
	 C/O FOLEY & LARDNER LLP
	 
	  111 HUNTINGTON AVENUE, 26TH FLOOR
	
	   BOSTON, 
	   MA, 
	   02199
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
		

 


463927710



			USA 
		
		[ DE ] 
1231



	 
	
	 C/O FOLEY & LARDNER LLP
	 
	  111 HUNTINGTON AVENUE, 26TH FLOOR
	
	   BOSTON, 
	   MA, 
	   02199
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

			
		
	




form typeD
act33
file number021-273940
film number161977518






















































﻿







Dzzom Delaware  $600000  Fundraising. Marcell Veidner  Published Nov 25  D form – Octafinance





















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










Dzzom Delaware  $600000  Fundraising. Marcell Veidner  Published Nov 25  D form


11/30/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in Private Financing News 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Dzzom Delaware  $600000  Fundraising. Marcell Veidner  Published Nov 25  D form and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/dzzom-delaware-600000-fundraising-marcell-veidner-published-nov-25-d-form/299262/.CaptchaSubmit
Dzzom Delaware Financing
Dzzom Delaware Corp., Corporation just had published form D because of $600,000 debt financing. This is a new filing. Dzzom Delaware was able to fundraise $225,000 so far. That is 37.50 % of the financing round. The total financing amount was $600,000. The form was filed on 2015-11-25. The reason for the financing was: unspecified. The fundraising still has about $375,000 more and is not closed yet. We have to wait more to see if the offering will be fully taken.
 Dzzom Delaware is based in Massachusetts. The filler’s business is Biotechnology. The D form was filed by Marcell Veidner President. The company was incorporated in 2013. The filler’s address is: C/O Foley & Lardner Llp, 111 Huntington Avenue, 26Th Floor, Boston, Ma, Massachusetts, 02199. Marcell Veidner is the related person in the form and it has address: C/O Foley & Lardner Llp, 111 Huntington Avenue, 26Th Floor, Boston, Ma, Massachusetts, 02199. Link to Dzzom Delaware Filing: 000089706915000530.
Analysis of Dzzom Delaware Offering
On average, companies in the Biotechnology sector, sell 73.77 % of the total offering size. Dzzom Delaware sold 37.50 % of the offering. The financing is still open. The average offering amount for companies in the Biotechnology industry is $3.08 million. The offering was 92.69 % smaller than the average of $3.08 million. Of course this should not be taken as negative. Firms raise funds for a variety of reasons and needs. The minimum investment for this financing is set at $0. If you know more about the reasons for the financing, please comment below.
What is Form D? What It Is Used For
Form D disclosures could be used to track and understand better your competitors. The information in Form D is usually highly confidential for ventures and startups and they don’t like revealing it. This is because it reveals amount raised or planned to be raised as well as reasons for the financing. This could help competitors. Entrepreneurs usually want to keep their financing a ‘secret’ so they can stay in stealth mode for longer.
Why Fundraising Reporting Is Good For Dzzom Delaware Also
The Form D signed by Marcell Veidner might help Dzzom Delaware Corp.’s sector. First, it helps potential customers feel more safe to deal with a firm that is well financed. The odds are higher that it will stay in the business. Second, this could attract other investors such as venture-capital firms, funds and angels. Third, positive PR effects could even bring leasing firms and venture lenders.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 
Tagged: Biotechnology



Guggenheim Ups C&J Energy Services (NYSE:CJES) to “Buy” From “Neutral” Rating Outlook How Will Atwood Oceanics (NYSE:ATW) Stock React To Guggenheim’s Upgrade to “Buy” from “Neutral”? 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


CTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?






























 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

Dzzom Delaware Corp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/218860-dzzom-delaware-corpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=218860  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Dzzom Delaware CorpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Dzzom Delaware Corp gets funded!Dzzom Delaware CorpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesMassachusettsBostonIndustry:Biotechnology Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors November 25th, 2015$225,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Dzzom Delaware Corp gets funded?Key peopleAlbert BarabsiDirectorPeter RuppertDirectorMarcell VeidnerDirector, Executive Officer, PromoterPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!