










 













 







E Squared Capital Fund, LP - Pooled Investment Fund- E Squared Asset Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









E Squared Capital Fund, LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    150 East 52 Nd Street, 22 Nd Floor  
    New York, NY, 10022Phone: (212) 235-0480 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-21


Amended


$8,325,000


$1,600,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2015-10-23


New


$6,725,000


$6,725,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A E Squared Asset Llc 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Eduard Ilyadzhanov 
 Director, Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















E Square Captial







home      
    |  about us |  properties  | property sales  |  in the news  |  forms/links  |  contact us












home  |  about us  |  properties | property sales  |  in the news  |  forms/links  |  contact us
Buffalo Properties:  The Residence on North  |  East Village Lofts  |  The Brownstone  |  Holling Place Apartments
Sheldon Apartments  |  The Elmwood Villas  |  130 Merrimac  |  85 Minnesota  |   89 Lisbon  |   139 Heath  |   585 Lafayette 






E SQUARED CAPITAL FUND, LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      E SQUARED CAPITAL FUND, LP
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             E Squared Capital Fund is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-21. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 2



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from E SQUARED CAPITAL FUND, LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




e squared capital fund, lp


150 EAST 52ND STREET, 22ND FLOOR

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10022


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      (212) 235-0480







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 10/21/2016
D filed on 10/23/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-21
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
500,000,000
8,325,000
491,675,000


2015-10-23
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
6,725,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




EDUARD   ILYADZHANOV

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



N/A   E SQUARED ASSET LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿







E Squared Capital Fund  Filing. Eduard Ilyadzhanov  Submitted Oct 23  Form D – Octafinance






















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










E Squared Capital Fund  Filing. Eduard Ilyadzhanov  Submitted Oct 23  Form D


10/23/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in Private Financing News 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called E Squared Capital Fund  Filing. Eduard Ilyadzhanov  Submitted Oct 23  Form D and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/e-squared-capital-fund-filing-eduard-ilyadzhanov-submitted-oct-23-form-d/237270/.CaptchaSubmit
E Squared Capital Fund Form D
The New York-based E Squared Capital Fund, Lp submitted FormD regarding $6.73 million offering. This is a new filing. The Limited Partnership raised $6.73 million. The offering is still open. The total private offering amount amount was $6.73 million. This form was filed on 2015-10-23. E Squared Capital Fund, Lp’s clarification was: Issuer’s confidential offering materials discuss management fees and performance allocation.. 
 E Squared Capital Fund is based in New York. The filler’s business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form D was filed by Eduard Ilyadzhanov Managing Member of GP. The company was incorporated in 2014. The filler’s address is: 150 East 52Nd Street, 22Nd Floor, New York, Ny, New York, 10022. Eduard Ilyadzhanov is the related person in the form and it has address: 150 E 52Nd Street, 22Nd Floor, New York, Ny, New York, 10022. Link to E Squared Capital Fund Filing: 000165274415000001.
Analysis of E Squared Capital Fund Offering
On average, firms in the Pooled Investment Fund sector, sell 37.80% investment fund interests. E Squared Capital Fund sold 100.00% of the offering. The average investment floor size is $24.76 million for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund industry sector. The total amount raised is 72.83% smaller than the average for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund sector. 

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 
Tagged: Fundraising $1m+Pooled Investment Fund



Highlights of THOMAS STORY & SON Q3 2015 13F Positions Texas Home Notes  $2.00 million  Financing. Jim Glasgow  Filed Oct 23  D form 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


CTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?

























E Squared Capital 





























































.























 E Squared Capital Management is a multi-strategy fund that invests in public and private companies.  Founded in 2009, our flexible approach and team of seasoned professionals has particular expertise investing in companies that will provide for superior risk-adjusted returns with low correlation to overall markets in a wide array of industries.  We achieve this objective by strategically investing in equity securities.  Our proprietary analysis uncovers companies that are undervalued when compared to our internally generated price targets.  We often invest in special events including restructurings, spin-offs, IPOs, secondary offerings, block trades, and registered direct offerings.  E Squared will seek to capture the relative value inherent in equity issues, taking a number of fundamental and trading factors into consideration. 





 


 


 E Squared Capital, LLC   |   150 East 52nd Street, 22nd Floor    |    New York, NY    |    10022Disclaimer  



 



 

E Squared Capital Fund Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/215044-e-squared-capital-fund-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=215044  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


E Squared Capital Fund LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif E Squared Capital Fund Lp gets funded!E Squared Capital Fund LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors October 23rd, 2015$6,725,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when E Squared Capital Fund Lp gets funded?Key peopleEDUARD ILYADZHANOVDirector, Executive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!