

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Securitization - Wikipedia





















 






Securitization

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For Securitization in International relations, see Securitization (international relations).
Securitization is the financial practice of pooling various types of contractual debt such as residential mortgages, commercial mortgages, auto loans or credit card debt obligations (or other non-debt assets which generate receivables) and selling their related cash flows to third party investors as securities, which may be described as bonds, pass-through securities, or collateralized debt obligations (CDOs). Investors are repaid from the principal and interest cash flows collected from the underlying debt and redistributed through the capital structure of the new financing. Securities backed by mortgage receivables are called mortgage-backed securities (MBS), while those backed by other types of receivables are asset-backed securities (ABS).
Critics have suggested that the complexity inherent in securitization can limit investors' ability to monitor risk, and that competitive securitization markets with multiple securitizers may be particularly prone to sharp declines in underwriting standards. Private, competitive mortgage securitization played an important role in the U.S. subprime mortgage crisis.[1]
In addition, off-balance sheet treatment for securitizations coupled with guarantees from the issuer can hide the extent of leverage of the securitizing firm, thereby facilitating risky capital structures and leading to an under-pricing of credit risk. Off-balance sheet securitizations also played a large role in the high leverage level of U.S. financial institutions before the financial crisis, and the need for bailouts.[2]
The granularity of pools of securitized assets can mitigate the credit risk of individual borrowers. Unlike general corporate debt, the credit quality of securitized debt is non-stationary due to changes in volatility that are time- and structure-dependent. If the transaction is properly structured and the pool performs as expected, the credit risk of all tranches of structured debt improves; if improperly structured, the affected tranches may experience dramatic credit deterioration and loss.[3]
Securitization has evolved from its beginnings in the late 18th century to an estimated outstanding of $10.24 trillion in the United States and $2.25 trillion in Europe as of the 2nd quarter of 2008. In 2007, ABS issuance amounted to $3.455 trillion in the US and $652 billion in Europe.[4] WBS (Whole Business Securitization) arrangements first appeared in the United Kingdom in the 1990s, and became common in various Commonwealth legal systems where senior creditors of an insolvent business effectively gain the right to control the company.[5] There are main players in securitization, they include investors, securiters and corporates.



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 Pooling and transfer
1.2 Issuance
1.3 Credit enhancement and tranching
1.4 Servicing
1.5 Repayment structures
1.6 Structural risks and misincentives


2 Special types of securitization

2.1 Master trust
2.2 Issuance trust
2.3 Grantor trust
2.4 Owner trust


3 Motives for securitization

3.1 Advantages to issuer
3.2 Disadvantages to issuer
3.3 Advantages to investors
3.4 Risks to investors


4 History

4.1 Early developments
4.2 Recent lawsuits


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



Structure[edit]
Pooling and transfer[edit]
The originator initially owns the assets engaged in the deal. This is typically a company looking to either raise capital, restructure debt or otherwise adjust its finances (but also includes businesses established specifically to generate marketable debt (consumer or otherwise) for the purpose of subsequent securitization). Under traditional corporate finance concepts, such a company would have three options to raise new capital: a loan, bond issue, or issuance of stock. However, stock offerings dilute the ownership and control of the company, while loan or bond financing is often prohibitively expensive due to the credit rating of the company and the associated rise in interest rates.
The consistently revenue-generating part of the company may have a much higher credit rating than the company as a whole. For instance, a leasing company may have provided $10m nominal value of leases, and it will receive a cash flow over the next five years from these. It cannot demand early repayment on the leases and so cannot get its money back early if required. If it could sell the rights to the cash flows from the leases to someone else, it could transform that income stream into a lump sum today (in effect, receiving today the present value of a future cash flow). Where the originator is a bank or other organization that must meet capital adequacy requirements, the structure is usually more complex because a separate company is set up to buy the assets.
A suitably large portfolio of assets is "pooled" and transferred to a "special purpose vehicle" or "SPV" (the issuer), a tax-exempt company or trust formed for the specific purpose of funding the assets. Once the assets are transferred to the issuer, there is normally no recourse to the originator. The issuer is "bankruptcy remote", meaning that if the originator goes into bankruptcy, the assets of the issuer will not be distributed to the creditors of the originator. In order to achieve this, the governing documents of the issuer restrict its activities to only those necessary to complete the issuance of securities. Many issuers are typically "orphaned". In the case of certain assets, such as credit card debt, where the portfolio is made up of a constantly changing pool of receivables, a trust in favor of the SPV may be declared in place of traditional transfer by assignment (see the outline of the master trust structure below).
Accounting standards govern when such a transfer is a true sale, a financing, a partial sale, or a part-sale and part-financing.[6] In a true sale, the originator is allowed to remove the transferred assets from its balance sheet: in a financing, the assets are considered to remain the property of the originator.[7] Under US accounting standards, the originator achieves a sale by being at arm's length from the issuer, in which case the issuer is classified as a "qualifying special purpose entity" or "qSPE".
Because of these structural issues, the originator typically needs the help of an investment bank (the arranger) in setting up the structure of the transaction.
Issuance[edit]
To be able to buy the assets from the originator, the issuer SPV issues tradable securities to fund the purchase. Investors purchase the securities, either through a private offering (targeting institutional investors) or on the open market. The performance of the securities is then directly linked to the performance of the assets. Credit rating agencies rate the securities which are issued to provide an external perspective on the liabilities being created and help the investor make a more informed decision.
In transactions with static assets, a depositor will assemble the underlying collateral, help structure the securities and work with the financial markets to sell the securities to investors. The depositor has taken on added significance under Regulation AB. The depositor typically owns 100% of the beneficial interest in the issuing entity and is usually the parent or a wholly owned subsidiary of the parent which initiates the transaction. In transactions with managed (traded) assets, asset managers assemble the underlying collateral, help structure the securities and work with the financial markets in order to sell the securities to investors.
Some deals may include a third-party guarantor which provides guarantees or partial guarantees for the assets, the principal and the interest payments, for a fee.
The securities can be issued with either a fixed interest rate or a floating rate under currency pegging system. Fixed rate ABS set the “coupon” (rate) at the time of issuance, in a fashion similar to corporate bonds and T-Bills. Floating rate securities may be backed by both amortizing and non-amortizing assets in the floating market. In contrast to fixed rate securities, the rates on “floaters” will periodically adjust up or down according to a designated index such as a U.S. Treasury rate, or, more typically, the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). The floating rate usually reflects the movement in the index plus an additional fixed margin to cover the added risk.[8]
Credit enhancement and tranching[edit]
Unlike conventional corporate bonds which are unsecured, securities created in a securitization are "credit enhanced", meaning their credit quality is increased above that of the originator's unsecured debt or underlying asset pool. This increases the likelihood that the investors will receive the cash flows to which they are entitled, and thus enables the securities to have a higher credit rating than the originator. Some securitizations use external credit enhancement provided by third parties, such as surety bonds and parental guarantees (although this may introduce a conflict of interest).
The issued securities are often split into tranches, or categorized into varying degrees of subordination. Each tranche has a different level of credit protection or risk exposure: there is generally a senior ("A") class of securities and one or more junior subordinated ("B", "C", etc.) classes that function as protective layers for the "A" class. The senior classes have first claim on the cash that the SPV receives, and the more junior classes only start receiving repayment after the more senior classes have been repaid. Because of the cascading effect between classes, this arrangement is often referred to as a cash flow waterfall.[9] If the underlying asset pool becomes insufficient to make payments on the securities (e.g. when loans default within a portfolio of loan claims), the loss is absorbed first by the subordinated tranches, and the upper-level tranches remain unaffected until the losses exceed the entire amount of the subordinated tranches. The senior securities might be AAA or AA rated, signifying a lower risk, while the lower-credit quality subordinated classes receive a lower credit rating, signifying a higher risk.[8]
The most junior class (often called the equity class) is the most exposed to payment risk. In some cases, this is a special type of instrument which is retained by the originator as a potential profit flow. In some cases the equity class receives no coupon (either fixed or floating), but only the residual cash flow (if any) after all the other classes have been paid.
There may also be a special class which absorbs early repayments in the underlying assets. This is often the case where the underlying assets are mortgages which, in essence, are repaid whenever the properties are sold. Since any early repayments are passed on to this class, it means the other investors have a more predictable cash flow.
If the underlying assets are mortgages or loans, there are usually two separate "waterfalls" because the principal and interest receipts can be easily allocated and matched. But if the assets are income-based transactions such as rental deals one cannot categorise the revenue so easily between income and principal repayment. In this case all the revenue is used to pay the cash flows due on the bonds as those cash flows become due.
Credit enhancements affect credit risk by providing more or less protection for promised cash flows for a security. Additional protection can help a security achieve a higher rating, lower protection can help create new securities with differently desired risks, and these differential protections can make the securities more attractive.
In addition to subordination, credit may be enhanced through:[7]

A reserve or spread account, in which funds remaining after expenses such as principal and interest payments, charge-offs and other fees have been paid-off are accumulated, and can be used when SPE expenses are greater than its income.
Third-party insurance, or guarantees of principal and interest payments on the securities.
Over-collateralisation, usually by using finance income to pay off principal on some securities before principal on the corresponding share of collateral is collected.
Cash funding or a cash collateral account, generally consisting of short-term, highly rated investments purchased either from the seller's own funds, or from funds borrowed from third parties that can be used to make up shortfalls in promised cash flows.
A third-party letter of credit or corporate guarantee.
A back-up servicer for the loans.
Discounted receivables for the pool.

Servicing[edit]
A servicer collects payments and monitors the assets that are the crux of the structured financial deal. The servicer can often be the originator, because the servicer needs very similar expertise to the originator and would want to ensure that loan repayments are paid to the Special Purpose Vehicle.
The servicer can significantly affect the cash flows to the investors because it controls the collection policy, which influences the proceeds collected, the charge-offs and the recoveries on the loans. Any income remaining after payments and expenses is usually accumulated to some extent in a reserve or spread account, and any further excess is returned to the seller. Bond rating agencies publish ratings of asset-backed securities based on the performance of the collateral pool, the credit enhancements and the probability of default.[7]
When the issuer is structured as a trust, the trustee is a vital part of the deal as the gate-keeper of the assets that are being held in the issuer. Even though the trustee is part of the SPV, which is typically wholly owned by the Originator, the trustee has a fiduciary duty to protect the assets and those who own the assets, typically the investors.
Repayment structures[edit]
Unlike corporate bonds, most securitizations are amortized, meaning that the principal amount borrowed is paid back gradually over the specified term of the loan, rather than in one lump sum at the maturity of the loan. Fully amortizing securitizations are generally collateralised by fully amortizing assets, such as home equity loans, auto loans, and student loans. Prepayment uncertainty is an important concern with fully amortizing ABS. The possible rate of prepayment varies widely with the type of underlying asset pool, so many prepayment models have been developed to try to define common prepayment activity. The PSA prepayment model is a well-known example.[8][10]
A controlled amortization structure can give investors a more predictable repayment schedule, even though the underlying assets may be nonamortising. After a predetermined "revolving period", during which only interest payments are made, these securitizations attempt to return principal to investors in a series of defined periodic payments, usually within a year. An early amortization event is the risk of the debt being retired early.[8]
On the other hand, bullet or slug structures return the principal to investors in a single payment. The most common bullet structure is called the soft bullet, meaning that the final bullet payment is not guaranteed to be paid on the scheduled maturity date; however, the majority of these securitizations are paid on time. The second type of bullet structure is the hard bullet, which guarantees that the principal will be paid on the scheduled maturity date. Hard bullet structures are less common for two reasons: investors are comfortable with soft bullet structures, and they are reluctant to accept the lower yields of hard bullet securities in exchange for a guarantee.[8]
Securitizations are often structured as a sequential pay bond, paid off in a sequential manner based on maturity. This means that the first tranche, which may have a one-year average life, will receive all principal payments until it is retired; then the second tranche begins to receive principal, and so forth.[8] Pro rata bond structures pay each tranche a proportionate share of principal throughout the life of the security.[8]
Structural risks and misincentives[edit]
Some originators (e.g. of mortgages) have prioritised loan volume over credit quality, disregarding the long-term risk of the assets they have created in their enthusiasm to profit from the fees associated with origination and securitization. Other originators, aware of the reputational harm and added expense if risky loans are subject to repurchase requests or improperly originated loans lead to litigation, have paid more attention to credit quality.[citation needed]
Special types of securitization[edit]
Master trust[edit]
A master trust is a type of SPV particularly suited to handle revolving credit card balances, and has the flexibility to handle different securities at different times. In a typical master trust transaction, an originator of credit card receivables transfers a pool of those receivables to the trust and then the trust issues securities backed by these receivables. Often there will be many tranched securities issued by the trust all based on one set of receivables. After this transaction, typically the originator would continue to service the receivables, in this case the credit cards.
There are various risks involved with master trusts specifically. One risk is that timing of cash flows promised to investors might be different from timing of payments on the receivables. For example, credit card-backed securities can have maturities of up to 10 years, but credit card-backed receivables usually pay off much more quickly. To solve this issue these securities typically have a revolving period, an accumulation period, and an amortization period. All three of these periods are based on historical experience of the receivables. During the revolving period, principal payments received on the credit card balances are used to purchase additional receivables. During the accumulation period, these payments are accumulated in a separate account. During the amortization period, new payments are passed through to the investors.
A second risk is that the total investor interests and the seller's interest are limited to receivables generated by the credit cards, but the seller (originator) owns the accounts. This can cause issues with how the seller controls the terms and conditions of the accounts. Typically to solve this, there is language written into the securitization to protect the investors and potential receivables.
A third risk is that payments on the receivables can shrink the pool balance and under-collateralize total investor interest. To prevent this, often there is a required minimum seller's interest, and if there was a decrease then an early amortization event would occur.[7]
Issuance trust[edit]
In 2000, Citibank introduced a new structure for credit card-backed securities, called an issuance trust, which does not have limitations that master trusts sometimes do, that requires each issued series of securities to have both a senior and subordinate tranche. There are other benefits to an issuance trust: they provide more flexibility in issuing senior/subordinate securities, can increase demand because pension funds are eligible to invest in investment-grade securities issued by them, and they can significantly reduce the cost of issuing securities. Because of these issues, issuance trusts are now the dominant structure used by major issuers of credit card-backed securities.[7]
Grantor trust[edit]
Grantor trusts are typically used in automobile-backed securities and REMICs (Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits). Grantor trusts are very similar to pass-through trusts used in the earlier days of securitization. An originator pools together loans and sells them to a grantor trust, which issues classes of securities backed by these loans. Principal and interest received on the loans, after expenses are taken into account, are passed through to the holders of the securities on a pro-rata basis.[11]
Owner trust[edit]
In an owner trust, there is more flexibility in allocating principal and interest received to different classes of issued securities. In an owner trust, both interest and principal due to subordinate securities can be used to pay senior securities. Due to this, owner trusts can tailor maturity, risk and return profiles of issued securities to investor needs. Usually, any income remaining after expenses is kept in a reserve account up to a specified level and then after that, all income is returned to the seller. Owner trusts allow credit risk to be mitigated by over-collateralization by using excess reserves and excess finance income to prepay securities before principal, which leaves more collateral for the other classes.
Motives for securitization[edit]
Advantages to issuer[edit]
Reduces funding costs: Through securitization, a company rated BB but with AAA worthy cash flow would be able to borrow at possibly AAA rates. This is the number one reason to securitize a cash flow and can have tremendous impacts on borrowing costs. The difference between BB debt and AAA debt can be multiple hundreds of basis points. For example, Moody's downgraded Ford Motor Credit's rating in January 2002, but senior automobile backed securities, issued by Ford Motor Credit in January 2002 and April 2002, continue to be rated AAA because of the strength of the underlying collateral and other credit enhancements.[7]
Reduces asset-liability mismatch: "Depending on the structure chosen, securitization can offer perfect matched funding by eliminating funding exposure in terms of both duration and pricing basis."[12] Essentially, in most banks and finance companies, the liability book or the funding is from borrowings. This often comes at a high cost. Securitization allows such banks and finance companies to create a self-funded asset book.
Lower capital requirements: Some firms, due to legal, regulatory, or other reasons, have a limit or range that their leverage is allowed to be. By securitizing some of their assets, which qualifies as a sale for accounting purposes, these firms will be able to remove assets from their balance sheets while maintaining the "earning power" of the assets.[11]
Locking in profits: For a given block of business, the total profits have not yet emerged and thus remain uncertain. Once the block has been securitized, the level of profits has now been locked in for that company, thus the risk of profit not emerging, or the benefit of super-profits, has now been passed on.
Transfer risks (credit, liquidity, prepayment, reinvestment, asset concentration): Securitization makes it possible to transfer risks from an entity that does not want to bear it, to one that does. Two good examples of this are catastrophe bonds and Entertainment Securitizations. Similarly, by securitizing a block of business (thereby locking in a degree of profits), the company has effectively freed up its balance to go out and write more profitable business.
Off balance sheet: Derivative (finance) of many types have in the past been referred to as "off-balance-sheet." This term implies that the use of derivatives has no balance sheet impact. While there are differences among the various accounting standards internationally, there is a general trend towards the requirement to record derivatives at fair value on the balance sheet. There is also a generally accepted principle that, where derivatives are being used as a hedge against underlying assets or liabilities, accounting adjustments are required to ensure that the gain/loss on the hedged instrument is recognized in the income statement on a similar basis as the underlying assets and liabilities. Certain credit derivatives products, particularly Credit Default Swaps, now have more or less universally accepted market standard documentation. In the case of Credit Default Swaps, this documentation has been formulated by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) who have for a long time provided documentation on how to treat such derivatives on balance sheets.
Earnings: Securitization makes it possible to record an earnings bounce without any real addition to the firm. When a securitization takes place, there often is a "true sale" that takes place between the Originator (the parent company) and the SPE. This sale has to be for the market value of the underlying assets for the "true sale" to stick and thus this sale is reflected on the parent company's balance sheet, which will boost earnings for that quarter by the amount of the sale. While not illegal in any respect, this does distort the true earnings of the parent company.
Admissibility: Future cashflows may not get full credit in a company's accounts (life insurance companies, for example, may not always get full credit for future surpluses in their regulatory balance sheet), and a securitization effectively turns an admissible future surplus flow into an admissible immediate cash asset.
Liquidity: Future cashflows may simply be balance sheet items which currently are not available for spending, whereas once the book has been securitized, the cash would be available for immediate spending or investment. This also creates a reinvestment book which may well be at better rates.
Disadvantages to issuer[edit]
May reduce portfolio quality: If the AAA risks, for example, are being securitized out, this would leave a materially worse quality of residual risk.
Costs: Securitizations are expensive due to management and system costs, legal fees, underwriting fees, rating fees and ongoing administration. An allowance for unforeseen costs is usually essential in securitizations, especially if it is an atypical securitization.
Size limitations: Securitizations often require large scale structuring, and thus may not be cost-efficient for small and medium transactions.
Risks: Since securitization is a structured transaction, it may include par structures as well as credit enhancements that are subject to risks of impairment, such as prepayment, as well as credit loss, especially for structures where there are some retained strips.
Advantages to investors[edit]
Opportunity to potentially earn a higher rate of return (on a risk-adjusted basis)
Opportunity to invest in a specific pool of high quality assets: Due to the stringent requirements for corporations (for example) to attain high ratings, there is a dearth of highly rated entities that exist. Securitizations, however, allow for the creation of large quantities of AAA, AA or A rated bonds, and risk averse institutional investors, or investors that are required to invest in only highly rated assets, have access to a larger pool of investment options.
Portfolio diversification: Depending on the securitization, hedge funds as well as other institutional investors tend to like investing in bonds created through securitizations because they may be uncorrelated to their other bonds and securities.
Isolation of credit risk from the parent entity: Since the assets that are securitized are isolated (at least in theory) from the assets of the originating entity, under securitization it may be possible for the securitization to receive a higher credit rating than the "parent," because the underlying risks are different. For example, a small bank may be considered more risky than the mortgage loans it makes to its customers; were the mortgage loans to remain with the bank, the borrowers may effectively be paying higher interest (or, just as likely, the bank would be paying higher interest to its creditors, and hence less profitable).
Risks to investors[edit]
Liquidity risk
Credit/default: Default risk is generally accepted as a borrower’s inability to meet interest payment obligations on time.[13] For ABS, default may occur when maintenance obligations on the underlying collateral are not sufficiently met as detailed in its prospectus. A key indicator of a particular security’s default risk is its credit rating. Different tranches within the ABS are rated differently, with senior classes of most issues receiving the highest rating, and subordinated classes receiving correspondingly lower credit ratings.[8] Almost all mortgages, including reverse mortgages, and student loans, are now insured by the government, meaning that taxpayers are on the hook for any of these loans that go bad even if the asset is massively over-inflated. In other words, there are no limits or curbs on over-spending, or the liabilities to taxpayers.
However, the credit crisis of 2007–2008 has exposed a potential flaw in the securitization process – loan originators retain no residual risk for the loans they make, but collect substantial fees on loan issuance and securitization, which doesn't encourage improvement of underwriting standards.
Event risk
Prepayment/reinvestment/early amortization: The majority of revolving ABS are subject to some degree of early amortization risk. The risk stems from specific early amortization events or payout events that cause the security to be paid off prematurely. Typically, payout events include insufficient payments from the underlying borrowers, insufficient excess spread, a rise in the default rate on the underlying loans above a specified level, a decrease in credit enhancements below a specific level, and bankruptcy on the part of the sponsor or servicer.[8]
Currency interest rate fluctuations: Like all fixed income securities, the prices of fixed rate ABS move in response to changes in interest rates. Fluctuations in interest rates affect floating rate ABS prices less than fixed rate securities, as the index against which the ABS rate adjusts will reflect interest rate changes in the economy. Furthermore, interest rate changes may affect the prepayment rates on underlying loans that back some types of ABS, which can affect yields. Home equity loans tend to be the most sensitive to changes in interest rates, while auto loans, student loans, and credit cards are generally less sensitive to interest rates.[8]
Contractual agreements
Moral hazard: Investors usually rely on the deal manager to price the securitizations’ underlying assets. If the manager earns fees based on performance, there may be a temptation to mark up the prices of the portfolio assets. Conflicts of interest can also arise with senior note holders when the manager has a claim on the deal's excess spread.[14]
Servicer risk: The transfer or collection of payments may be delayed or reduced if the servicer becomes insolvent. This risk is mitigated by having a backup servicer involved in the transaction.[8]
History[edit]
Early developments[edit]
See also: Economic history of the Dutch Republic and Financial history of the Dutch Republic
Modern practice of securitization has its roots in the 17th-century Dutch Republic.[15][16]
Examples of securitization can be found at least as far back as the 18th century.[17] Among the early examples of mortgage-backed securities in the United States were the farm railroad mortgage bonds of the mid-19th century which contributed to the panic of 1857.[18]
In February 1970, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development created the first modern residential mortgage-backed security. The Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA or Ginnie Mae) sold securities backed by a portfolio of mortgage loans.[19]
To facilitate the securitization of non-mortgage assets, businesses substituted private credit enhancements. First, they over-collateralised pools of assets; shortly thereafter, they improved third-party and structural enhancements. In 1985, securitization techniques that had been developed in the mortgage market were applied for the first time to a class of non-mortgage assets — automobile loans. A pool of assets second only to mortgages in volume, auto loans were a good match for structured finance; their maturities, considerably shorter than those of mortgages, made the timing of cash flows more predictable, and their long statistical histories of performance gave investors confidence.[20]
This early auto loan deal was a $60 million securitization originated by Marine Midland Bank and securitised in 1985 by the Certificate for Automobile Receivables Trust (CARS, 1985-1).[21]
The first significant bank credit card sale came to market in 1986 with a private placement of $50 million of outstanding bank card loans. This transaction demonstrated to investors that, if the yields were high enough, loan pools could support asset sales with higher expected losses and administrative costs than was true within the mortgage market. Sales of this type — with no contractual obligation by the seller to provide recourse — allowed banks to receive sales treatment for accounting and regulatory purposes (easing balance sheet and capital constraints), while at the same time allowing them to retain origination and servicing fees. After the success of this initial transaction, investors grew to accept credit card receivables as collateral, and banks developed structures to normalize the cash flows.[20]
Starting in the 1990s with some earlier private transactions, securitization technology was applied to a number of sectors of the reinsurance and insurance markets including life and catastrophe. This activity grew to nearly $15bn of issuance in 2006 following the disruptions in the underlying markets caused by Hurricane Katrina and Regulation XXX. Key areas of activity in the broad area of Alternative Risk Transfer include catastrophe bonds, Life Insurance Securitization and Reinsurance Sidecars.
The first public Securitization of Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) loans started in 1997. CRA loans are loans targeted to low and moderate income borrowers and neighborhoods.[22]
As estimated by the Bond Market Association, in the United States, the total amount outstanding[clarification needed] at the end of 2004 was $1.8 trillion. This amount was about 8 percent of total outstanding bond market debt ($23.6 trillion), about 33 percent of mortgage-related debt ($5.5 trillion), and about 39 percent of corporate debt ($4.7 trillion) in the United States. In nominal terms, over the previous ten years (1995–2004) ABS[clarification needed] amount outstanding had grown about 19 percent annually, with mortgage-related debt and corporate debt each growing at about 9 percent. Gross public issuance of asset-backed securities was strong, setting new records in many years. In 2004, issuance was at an all-time record of about $0.9 trillion.[23]
At the end of 2004, the larger sectors of this market were credit card-backed securities (21 percent), home-equity backed securities (25 percent), automobile-backed securities (13 percent), and collateralized debt obligations (15 percent). Among the other market segments were student loan-backed securities (6 percent), equipment leases (4 percent), manufactured housing (2 percent), small business loans (such as loans to convenience stores and gas stations), and aircraft leases.[23]
Modern securitization took off in the late 1990s or early 2000s, thanks to the innovative structures implemented across the asset classes, such as UK Mortgage Master Trusts (concept imported from the US Credit Cards), Insurance-backed transaction (such as those implemented by the insurance securitization guru Emmanuel Issanchou) or even more esoteric asset classes (for example securitization of lottery receivables).
As the result of the credit crunch precipitated by the subprime mortgage crisis the US market for bonds backed by securitised loans was very weak in 2008 except for bonds guaranteed by a federally backed agency. As a result, interest rates rose for loans that were previously securitised such as home mortgages, student loans, auto loans and commercial mortgages[24]
Recently, securitization has been proposed and used to accelerate development of solar photovoltaic projects.[25][26] For example, SolarCity offered the first U.S. asset-backed security in the solar industry in 2013.[27]
Recent lawsuits[edit]
Recently there have been several lawsuits attributable to the rating of securitizations by the three leading rating agencies. In July, 2009, the USA’s largest public pension fund has filed suit in California state court in connection with $1 billion in losses that it says were caused by “wildly inaccurate” credit ratings from the three leading ratings agencies.[28]
See also[edit]

Collateralized debt obligation, securitization vehicle for corporate debt securities
Collateralized fund obligation, securitization vehicle for private equity and hedge fund assets
Collateralized mortgage obligation, securitization vehicle for mortgage-backed securities
Collateralized loan obligation, securitization vehicle for corporate loans

References[edit]


^ Michael Simkovic, Competition and Crisis in Mortgage Securitization
^ Michael Simkovic, Secret Liens and the Financial Crisis of 2008, American Bankruptcy Law Journal, Vol. 83, p. 253, 2009
^ Raynes, Sylvain and Ann Rutledge, The Analysis of Structured Securities, Oxford U Press, 2003, p. 103. ISBN 978-0-19-515273-9
^ "ESF Securitization Data Report Q2:business
^ Claire A. Hill, Whole Business Securitization in Emerging Markets, Duke Journal of Comparative and International Law 12:2 (2002).
^ Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Statement No. 140 "Accounting for transfers and servicing of financial assets and extinguishments of liabilities—a replacement of FASB Statement No. 125" September 2000
^ a b c d e f T Sabarwal "Common Structures of Asset Backed Securities and Their Risks, December 29, 2005
^ a b c d e f g h i j k Fixed Income Sectors: Asset-Backed Securities – A primer on asset-backed securities, Dwight Asset Management Company (2005).
^ Kim, M. ; Hessami, A. ; Sombolestani, E. (2010, March 24) CVEN 640 - Cash Flow Waterfall [Video file]. URL: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dw_z56HmLYs
^ The Committee on the Global Financial System defined Structured Finance, "The role of ratings in structured finance: issues and implications", January 2005
^ a b Reis-Roy, Calvin (1998). "Rating Securitisation Structures". Journal of International Banking Law. 13 (9): 298–304. 
^ "The Handbook of Asset-Backed Securities", Jess Lederman, 1990.
^ Reis-Roy, Calvin (2003). An Analysis of the Law and Practice of Securitisation. 
^ Tavakoli, Janet. "CDOs: Caveat Emptor" GARP Risk Review (Journal of the Global Association of Risk Professionals), September/October 2005 Issue 26.
^ Goetzmann, William N.; Rouwenhorst, K. Geert (2008). The History of Financial Innovation, in Carbon Finance, Environmental Market Solutions to Climate Change. (Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies, chapter 1, pp. 18–43). As Goetzmann & Rouwenhorst (2008) noted, "The 17th and 18th centuries in the Netherlands were a remarkable time for finance. Many of the financial products or instruments that we see today emerged during a relatively short period. In particular, merchants and bankers developed what we would today call securitization. Mutual funds and various other forms of structured finance that still exist today emerged in the 17th and 18th centuries in Holland."
^ Markham, Jerry W.: A Financial History of the United States from Enron-Era Scandals to the Great Recession (2004–2009). (Routledge, 1st edition, 2011, ISBN 0765624311), p. 355. "An early example of securitization was found in Amsterdam in the seventeenth century."
^ "Dutch Securities for American Land Speculation in the Late-Eighteenth Century", Rik Frehen, K. Geert Rouwenhorst, and William N. Goetzmann, 2012.
^ "Déjà Vu All Over Again: Agency, Uncertainty, Leverage and the Panic of 1857", Timothy J. Riddiough and Howard E. Thompson, 2012.
^ "Asset-Backed securities in Germany: the sale and Securitization of loans by German credit institutions", Deutsche Bundesbank Monthly Report July, 1997.
^ a b "Asset Securitization Comptroller's Handbook", Comptroller of the Currency Administrator of National Banks, 1997.
^ "Hearing before the U.S. House subcommittee on Policy Research and Insurance in "Asset Securitization and Secondary Markets" (July 31, 1991), page 13
^ Wachovia Press Releases
^ a b "Common Structures of Asset-Backed Securities and Their Risks", Tarun Sabarwal, December 29, 2005
^ "Mechanism for Credit Is Still Stuck" article by Vikas Bajaj in The New York Times August 12, 2008
^ Alafita, T.; Pearce, J.M. "Securitization of residential solar photovoltaic assets: Costs, risks and uncertainty". Energy Policy. 67: 488–498. doi:10.1016/j.enpol.2013.12.045. 
^ Lowder, T., & Mendelsohn, M. (2013). "The Potential of Securitization in Solar PV Finance". National Renewable Energy Laboratory. December 2013.
^ "Done Deal: The First Securitization Of Rooftop Solar Assets" Forbes - URL: http://www.forbes.com/sites/uciliawang/2013/11/21/done-deal-the-first-securitization-of-rooftop-solar-assets/
^ Leslie Wayne (July 15, 2009). "Caper Sues over Ratings of Securities". New York Times. 


External links[edit]

The Rocket Scientists of Finance BBC Programme: The City Uncovered







v
t
e


Structured finance



Securitization



Securitization transaction
Credit enhancement
Tranche





Types of Securities



Asset-backed security (ABS)
Mortgage-backed security (MBS)
Credit derivative
Credit default swap (CDS)
Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO)
Collateralized bond obligation (CBO)
Collateralized loan obligation (CLO)
Collateralized fund obligation (CFO)
Senior stretch loan
Structured product












v
t
e


Hedge funds



Investment
strategy





Arbitrage /
Relative value




Capital structure arbitrage
Convertible arbitrage
Equity market neutral
Fixed income arbitrage / Fixed-income relative-value investing
Statistical arbitrage
Volatility arbitrage






Event-driven




Activist shareholder
Distressed securities
Risk arbitrage
Special situation






Directional




Convergence trade
Commodity trading advisors / Managed futures account
Dedicated short
Global macro
Long/short equity
Trend following






Other




Fund of hedge funds / Multi-manager











Trading



Algorithmic trading
Day trading
High-frequency trading
Prime brokerage
Program trading
Proprietary trading





Related
terms





Markets




Commodities
Derivatives
Equity
Fixed income
Foreign exchange
Money markets
Structured securities






Misc




Arbitrage pricing theory
Assets under management
Black–Scholes model (Greeks (finance): Delta neutral)
Capital asset pricing model (Alpha / Beta / Security characteristic line)
Fundamental analysis
Hedge
Securitization
Short
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Technical analysis








Investors



Vulture funds
Family offices
Financial endowments
Fund of hedge funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investors
Insurance companies
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Pension funds
Sovereign wealth funds





Regulatory



Fund governance
Hedge Fund Standards Board








Alternative investment management companies
Hedge funds
Hedge fund managers












v
t
e


Financial risk and financial risk management



Categories




Credit risk



Concentration risk
Consumer credit risk
Credit derivative
Securitization





Market risk



Commodity risk (e.g. Volume risk, Basis risk, Shape risk, Holding period risk, Price area risk)
Equity risk
FX risk
Margining risk
Interest rate risk
Volatility risk
Liquidity risk (e.g. Refinancing risk)





Operational risk



Operational risk management
Legal risk
Political risk
Reputational risk
Valuation risk





Other



Profit risk
Settlement risk
Systemic risk








Modeling



Market portfolio
Modern portfolio theory
RAROC
Risk-free rate
Risk parity
Sharpe ratio
Value-at-Risk (VaR) and extensions Profit at risk, Margin at risk, Liquidity at risk





Basic concepts



Diversification
Expected return
Hazard
Hedge
Risk
Risk pool
Systematic risk








Financial economics
Investment management
Mathematical finance












v
t
e


Economic history of the Netherlands



General



Economy of the Netherlands from 1500–1700
Economic history of the Dutch Republic
Economic history of the Netherlands (1500–1815)
Financial history of the Dutch Republic
Dutch guilder
Amsterdam Entrepôt
Tulipmania (tulip mania, tulipomania)
Dutch Financial Revolution
Dutch economic miracle (ca. 1590s–1600s)
Whaling in the Netherlands
Diamond industry in the Dutch Republic
Sugar industry in the Dutch Republic
Shipbuilding industry in the Dutch Republic
(Ship designs of the Dutch Republic)
Shipping industry of the Dutch Republic
Pulp and paper industry in the Dutch Republic
History of the chocolate industry (Dutch process chocolate, cocoa powder)
Polder model
Dutch disease





Key institutions




Pre-1815



Amsterdam Stock Exchange (Beurs van Hendrick de Keyser)
Bank of Amsterdam (Amsterdamsche Wisselbank)
Brabantsche Compagnie
Compagnie van Verre
Dutch East India Company (VOC)
Dutch West India Company (WIC/GWIC)
New Netherland Company
Noordsche Compagnie





Post-1815



De Nederlandsche Bank
Stichting Max Havelaar








Notable business and
financial innovators



Louis De Geer
Gerard Adriaan Heineken
Isaac Le Maire
Johan Palmstruch
Anton Philips
Gerard Philips
Nico Roozen
Coenraad Johannes van Houten
Frans van der Hoff
A. van Ketwich





Pioneering innovations in
business and financial history



Bear raid
Central banking
Collective investment schemes (investment funds)
Common stock
Corporate bond
Corporate finance
Corporate governance
Corporate social responsibility
Dividend (dividend policy)
Dutch auction
Fairtrade certification (fairtrade labelling, fair trade labelling initiative,
fair trade certification initiative)
Formal capital markets
Futures contract (formal futures markets)
Government debt (public debt, national debt)
Initial public offering (IPO)
Investment banking
Joint-stock company with a fixed capital stock
Listed company
Mega-corporation (megacorporation)
Mutual fund
Open art market
Outward foreign direct investment (FDI)
Public company (publicly traded company)
Secondary markets
Securities markets
Securitization
Share (finance)
Shareholder activism (activist shareholder)
Shareholder advocacy
Shareholder revolt (shareholder rebellion)
Stock certificate
Short selling (naked short selling)
Stock exchange
Stock market (equity market)
Stockbroker
Stock trader
Stock trading
Technical analysis
Tontine
Transnational corporation





Influenced



Economic globalization (corporate globalization)
History of capitalism
Early European industrialization (mechanization in shipbuilding
and paper industries during the Dutch Golden Age) 1
Economic history of the United Kingdom 2
Economic history of Sweden 3
Economic history of South Africa 4
Economic history of Indonesia
Economic history of India
Economic history of Sri Lanka
Economic history of Japan
Economic history of Taiwan
Economic history of Thailand
Economic history of Malaysia
Economic history of Vietnam
Economic history of Mauritius
Economic history of Brazil
Economic history of the United States





Related



Financial markets
Financial capitalism
Financial revolution
International financial centres (global financial centres)
Economic growth
Economic boom
Economic miracle
Economic bubble (financial bubble, speculative bubble)
Stock market crash
Deindustrialization





Notable scholars 5



Violet Barbour
Fernand Braudel
Pieter de la Court
Joseph de la Vega
Jan de Vries
Warwick Funnell
William N. Goetzmann
Jonathan Israel
Bernard Mandeville
Deirdre McCloskey
Jeffrey Robertson
K. Geert Rouwenhorst
Jacob Soll
Edward Stringham
Richard Sylla
Peter J. Taylor
James D. Tracy
Immanuel Wallerstein









1 See also: Hollander beater; Wind-powered sawmill.
2 See also: Financial history of the United Kingdom; History of the British national debt; History of British financial markets; Bank of England; Cornelius Vermuyden; Bernard Mandeville.
3 See also: Early industrialization in Sweden; History of European banknotes; Stockholms Banco; Bank of Sweden; Johan Palmstruch; Louis De Geer.
4 See also: History of the South African wine industry.
5 Scholars or historians, of any nationality, whose writings concern the economic history (such as business, financial, and socio-politico-economic history) of the Netherlands.










Authority control



NDL: 01111934










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Securitization&oldid=792733543"					
Categories: Securities (finance)DebtUnited States housing bubbleHidden categories: All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2014Wikipedia articles needing clarification from March 2015 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaБългарскиCatalàDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתМакедонскиNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 09:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Securitization - Wikipedia





















 






Securitization

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For Securitization in International relations, see Securitization (international relations).
Securitization is the financial practice of pooling various types of contractual debt such as residential mortgages, commercial mortgages, auto loans or credit card debt obligations (or other non-debt assets which generate receivables) and selling their related cash flows to third party investors as securities, which may be described as bonds, pass-through securities, or collateralized debt obligations (CDOs). Investors are repaid from the principal and interest cash flows collected from the underlying debt and redistributed through the capital structure of the new financing. Securities backed by mortgage receivables are called mortgage-backed securities (MBS), while those backed by other types of receivables are asset-backed securities (ABS).
Critics have suggested that the complexity inherent in securitization can limit investors' ability to monitor risk, and that competitive securitization markets with multiple securitizers may be particularly prone to sharp declines in underwriting standards. Private, competitive mortgage securitization played an important role in the U.S. subprime mortgage crisis.[1]
In addition, off-balance sheet treatment for securitizations coupled with guarantees from the issuer can hide the extent of leverage of the securitizing firm, thereby facilitating risky capital structures and leading to an under-pricing of credit risk. Off-balance sheet securitizations also played a large role in the high leverage level of U.S. financial institutions before the financial crisis, and the need for bailouts.[2]
The granularity of pools of securitized assets can mitigate the credit risk of individual borrowers. Unlike general corporate debt, the credit quality of securitized debt is non-stationary due to changes in volatility that are time- and structure-dependent. If the transaction is properly structured and the pool performs as expected, the credit risk of all tranches of structured debt improves; if improperly structured, the affected tranches may experience dramatic credit deterioration and loss.[3]
Securitization has evolved from its beginnings in the late 18th century to an estimated outstanding of $10.24 trillion in the United States and $2.25 trillion in Europe as of the 2nd quarter of 2008. In 2007, ABS issuance amounted to $3.455 trillion in the US and $652 billion in Europe.[4] WBS (Whole Business Securitization) arrangements first appeared in the United Kingdom in the 1990s, and became common in various Commonwealth legal systems where senior creditors of an insolvent business effectively gain the right to control the company.[5] There are main players in securitization, they include investors, securiters and corporates.



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 Pooling and transfer
1.2 Issuance
1.3 Credit enhancement and tranching
1.4 Servicing
1.5 Repayment structures
1.6 Structural risks and misincentives


2 Special types of securitization

2.1 Master trust
2.2 Issuance trust
2.3 Grantor trust
2.4 Owner trust


3 Motives for securitization

3.1 Advantages to issuer
3.2 Disadvantages to issuer
3.3 Advantages to investors
3.4 Risks to investors


4 History

4.1 Early developments
4.2 Recent lawsuits


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



Structure[edit]
Pooling and transfer[edit]
The originator initially owns the assets engaged in the deal. This is typically a company looking to either raise capital, restructure debt or otherwise adjust its finances (but also includes businesses established specifically to generate marketable debt (consumer or otherwise) for the purpose of subsequent securitization). Under traditional corporate finance concepts, such a company would have three options to raise new capital: a loan, bond issue, or issuance of stock. However, stock offerings dilute the ownership and control of the company, while loan or bond financing is often prohibitively expensive due to the credit rating of the company and the associated rise in interest rates.
The consistently revenue-generating part of the company may have a much higher credit rating than the company as a whole. For instance, a leasing company may have provided $10m nominal value of leases, and it will receive a cash flow over the next five years from these. It cannot demand early repayment on the leases and so cannot get its money back early if required. If it could sell the rights to the cash flows from the leases to someone else, it could transform that income stream into a lump sum today (in effect, receiving today the present value of a future cash flow). Where the originator is a bank or other organization that must meet capital adequacy requirements, the structure is usually more complex because a separate company is set up to buy the assets.
A suitably large portfolio of assets is "pooled" and transferred to a "special purpose vehicle" or "SPV" (the issuer), a tax-exempt company or trust formed for the specific purpose of funding the assets. Once the assets are transferred to the issuer, there is normally no recourse to the originator. The issuer is "bankruptcy remote", meaning that if the originator goes into bankruptcy, the assets of the issuer will not be distributed to the creditors of the originator. In order to achieve this, the governing documents of the issuer restrict its activities to only those necessary to complete the issuance of securities. Many issuers are typically "orphaned". In the case of certain assets, such as credit card debt, where the portfolio is made up of a constantly changing pool of receivables, a trust in favor of the SPV may be declared in place of traditional transfer by assignment (see the outline of the master trust structure below).
Accounting standards govern when such a transfer is a true sale, a financing, a partial sale, or a part-sale and part-financing.[6] In a true sale, the originator is allowed to remove the transferred assets from its balance sheet: in a financing, the assets are considered to remain the property of the originator.[7] Under US accounting standards, the originator achieves a sale by being at arm's length from the issuer, in which case the issuer is classified as a "qualifying special purpose entity" or "qSPE".
Because of these structural issues, the originator typically needs the help of an investment bank (the arranger) in setting up the structure of the transaction.
Issuance[edit]
To be able to buy the assets from the originator, the issuer SPV issues tradable securities to fund the purchase. Investors purchase the securities, either through a private offering (targeting institutional investors) or on the open market. The performance of the securities is then directly linked to the performance of the assets. Credit rating agencies rate the securities which are issued to provide an external perspective on the liabilities being created and help the investor make a more informed decision.
In transactions with static assets, a depositor will assemble the underlying collateral, help structure the securities and work with the financial markets to sell the securities to investors. The depositor has taken on added significance under Regulation AB. The depositor typically owns 100% of the beneficial interest in the issuing entity and is usually the parent or a wholly owned subsidiary of the parent which initiates the transaction. In transactions with managed (traded) assets, asset managers assemble the underlying collateral, help structure the securities and work with the financial markets in order to sell the securities to investors.
Some deals may include a third-party guarantor which provides guarantees or partial guarantees for the assets, the principal and the interest payments, for a fee.
The securities can be issued with either a fixed interest rate or a floating rate under currency pegging system. Fixed rate ABS set the “coupon” (rate) at the time of issuance, in a fashion similar to corporate bonds and T-Bills. Floating rate securities may be backed by both amortizing and non-amortizing assets in the floating market. In contrast to fixed rate securities, the rates on “floaters” will periodically adjust up or down according to a designated index such as a U.S. Treasury rate, or, more typically, the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). The floating rate usually reflects the movement in the index plus an additional fixed margin to cover the added risk.[8]
Credit enhancement and tranching[edit]
Unlike conventional corporate bonds which are unsecured, securities created in a securitization are "credit enhanced", meaning their credit quality is increased above that of the originator's unsecured debt or underlying asset pool. This increases the likelihood that the investors will receive the cash flows to which they are entitled, and thus enables the securities to have a higher credit rating than the originator. Some securitizations use external credit enhancement provided by third parties, such as surety bonds and parental guarantees (although this may introduce a conflict of interest).
The issued securities are often split into tranches, or categorized into varying degrees of subordination. Each tranche has a different level of credit protection or risk exposure: there is generally a senior ("A") class of securities and one or more junior subordinated ("B", "C", etc.) classes that function as protective layers for the "A" class. The senior classes have first claim on the cash that the SPV receives, and the more junior classes only start receiving repayment after the more senior classes have been repaid. Because of the cascading effect between classes, this arrangement is often referred to as a cash flow waterfall.[9] If the underlying asset pool becomes insufficient to make payments on the securities (e.g. when loans default within a portfolio of loan claims), the loss is absorbed first by the subordinated tranches, and the upper-level tranches remain unaffected until the losses exceed the entire amount of the subordinated tranches. The senior securities might be AAA or AA rated, signifying a lower risk, while the lower-credit quality subordinated classes receive a lower credit rating, signifying a higher risk.[8]
The most junior class (often called the equity class) is the most exposed to payment risk. In some cases, this is a special type of instrument which is retained by the originator as a potential profit flow. In some cases the equity class receives no coupon (either fixed or floating), but only the residual cash flow (if any) after all the other classes have been paid.
There may also be a special class which absorbs early repayments in the underlying assets. This is often the case where the underlying assets are mortgages which, in essence, are repaid whenever the properties are sold. Since any early repayments are passed on to this class, it means the other investors have a more predictable cash flow.
If the underlying assets are mortgages or loans, there are usually two separate "waterfalls" because the principal and interest receipts can be easily allocated and matched. But if the assets are income-based transactions such as rental deals one cannot categorise the revenue so easily between income and principal repayment. In this case all the revenue is used to pay the cash flows due on the bonds as those cash flows become due.
Credit enhancements affect credit risk by providing more or less protection for promised cash flows for a security. Additional protection can help a security achieve a higher rating, lower protection can help create new securities with differently desired risks, and these differential protections can make the securities more attractive.
In addition to subordination, credit may be enhanced through:[7]

A reserve or spread account, in which funds remaining after expenses such as principal and interest payments, charge-offs and other fees have been paid-off are accumulated, and can be used when SPE expenses are greater than its income.
Third-party insurance, or guarantees of principal and interest payments on the securities.
Over-collateralisation, usually by using finance income to pay off principal on some securities before principal on the corresponding share of collateral is collected.
Cash funding or a cash collateral account, generally consisting of short-term, highly rated investments purchased either from the seller's own funds, or from funds borrowed from third parties that can be used to make up shortfalls in promised cash flows.
A third-party letter of credit or corporate guarantee.
A back-up servicer for the loans.
Discounted receivables for the pool.

Servicing[edit]
A servicer collects payments and monitors the assets that are the crux of the structured financial deal. The servicer can often be the originator, because the servicer needs very similar expertise to the originator and would want to ensure that loan repayments are paid to the Special Purpose Vehicle.
The servicer can significantly affect the cash flows to the investors because it controls the collection policy, which influences the proceeds collected, the charge-offs and the recoveries on the loans. Any income remaining after payments and expenses is usually accumulated to some extent in a reserve or spread account, and any further excess is returned to the seller. Bond rating agencies publish ratings of asset-backed securities based on the performance of the collateral pool, the credit enhancements and the probability of default.[7]
When the issuer is structured as a trust, the trustee is a vital part of the deal as the gate-keeper of the assets that are being held in the issuer. Even though the trustee is part of the SPV, which is typically wholly owned by the Originator, the trustee has a fiduciary duty to protect the assets and those who own the assets, typically the investors.
Repayment structures[edit]
Unlike corporate bonds, most securitizations are amortized, meaning that the principal amount borrowed is paid back gradually over the specified term of the loan, rather than in one lump sum at the maturity of the loan. Fully amortizing securitizations are generally collateralised by fully amortizing assets, such as home equity loans, auto loans, and student loans. Prepayment uncertainty is an important concern with fully amortizing ABS. The possible rate of prepayment varies widely with the type of underlying asset pool, so many prepayment models have been developed to try to define common prepayment activity. The PSA prepayment model is a well-known example.[8][10]
A controlled amortization structure can give investors a more predictable repayment schedule, even though the underlying assets may be nonamortising. After a predetermined "revolving period", during which only interest payments are made, these securitizations attempt to return principal to investors in a series of defined periodic payments, usually within a year. An early amortization event is the risk of the debt being retired early.[8]
On the other hand, bullet or slug structures return the principal to investors in a single payment. The most common bullet structure is called the soft bullet, meaning that the final bullet payment is not guaranteed to be paid on the scheduled maturity date; however, the majority of these securitizations are paid on time. The second type of bullet structure is the hard bullet, which guarantees that the principal will be paid on the scheduled maturity date. Hard bullet structures are less common for two reasons: investors are comfortable with soft bullet structures, and they are reluctant to accept the lower yields of hard bullet securities in exchange for a guarantee.[8]
Securitizations are often structured as a sequential pay bond, paid off in a sequential manner based on maturity. This means that the first tranche, which may have a one-year average life, will receive all principal payments until it is retired; then the second tranche begins to receive principal, and so forth.[8] Pro rata bond structures pay each tranche a proportionate share of principal throughout the life of the security.[8]
Structural risks and misincentives[edit]
Some originators (e.g. of mortgages) have prioritised loan volume over credit quality, disregarding the long-term risk of the assets they have created in their enthusiasm to profit from the fees associated with origination and securitization. Other originators, aware of the reputational harm and added expense if risky loans are subject to repurchase requests or improperly originated loans lead to litigation, have paid more attention to credit quality.[citation needed]
Special types of securitization[edit]
Master trust[edit]
A master trust is a type of SPV particularly suited to handle revolving credit card balances, and has the flexibility to handle different securities at different times. In a typical master trust transaction, an originator of credit card receivables transfers a pool of those receivables to the trust and then the trust issues securities backed by these receivables. Often there will be many tranched securities issued by the trust all based on one set of receivables. After this transaction, typically the originator would continue to service the receivables, in this case the credit cards.
There are various risks involved with master trusts specifically. One risk is that timing of cash flows promised to investors might be different from timing of payments on the receivables. For example, credit card-backed securities can have maturities of up to 10 years, but credit card-backed receivables usually pay off much more quickly. To solve this issue these securities typically have a revolving period, an accumulation period, and an amortization period. All three of these periods are based on historical experience of the receivables. During the revolving period, principal payments received on the credit card balances are used to purchase additional receivables. During the accumulation period, these payments are accumulated in a separate account. During the amortization period, new payments are passed through to the investors.
A second risk is that the total investor interests and the seller's interest are limited to receivables generated by the credit cards, but the seller (originator) owns the accounts. This can cause issues with how the seller controls the terms and conditions of the accounts. Typically to solve this, there is language written into the securitization to protect the investors and potential receivables.
A third risk is that payments on the receivables can shrink the pool balance and under-collateralize total investor interest. To prevent this, often there is a required minimum seller's interest, and if there was a decrease then an early amortization event would occur.[7]
Issuance trust[edit]
In 2000, Citibank introduced a new structure for credit card-backed securities, called an issuance trust, which does not have limitations that master trusts sometimes do, that requires each issued series of securities to have both a senior and subordinate tranche. There are other benefits to an issuance trust: they provide more flexibility in issuing senior/subordinate securities, can increase demand because pension funds are eligible to invest in investment-grade securities issued by them, and they can significantly reduce the cost of issuing securities. Because of these issues, issuance trusts are now the dominant structure used by major issuers of credit card-backed securities.[7]
Grantor trust[edit]
Grantor trusts are typically used in automobile-backed securities and REMICs (Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits). Grantor trusts are very similar to pass-through trusts used in the earlier days of securitization. An originator pools together loans and sells them to a grantor trust, which issues classes of securities backed by these loans. Principal and interest received on the loans, after expenses are taken into account, are passed through to the holders of the securities on a pro-rata basis.[11]
Owner trust[edit]
In an owner trust, there is more flexibility in allocating principal and interest received to different classes of issued securities. In an owner trust, both interest and principal due to subordinate securities can be used to pay senior securities. Due to this, owner trusts can tailor maturity, risk and return profiles of issued securities to investor needs. Usually, any income remaining after expenses is kept in a reserve account up to a specified level and then after that, all income is returned to the seller. Owner trusts allow credit risk to be mitigated by over-collateralization by using excess reserves and excess finance income to prepay securities before principal, which leaves more collateral for the other classes.
Motives for securitization[edit]
Advantages to issuer[edit]
Reduces funding costs: Through securitization, a company rated BB but with AAA worthy cash flow would be able to borrow at possibly AAA rates. This is the number one reason to securitize a cash flow and can have tremendous impacts on borrowing costs. The difference between BB debt and AAA debt can be multiple hundreds of basis points. For example, Moody's downgraded Ford Motor Credit's rating in January 2002, but senior automobile backed securities, issued by Ford Motor Credit in January 2002 and April 2002, continue to be rated AAA because of the strength of the underlying collateral and other credit enhancements.[7]
Reduces asset-liability mismatch: "Depending on the structure chosen, securitization can offer perfect matched funding by eliminating funding exposure in terms of both duration and pricing basis."[12] Essentially, in most banks and finance companies, the liability book or the funding is from borrowings. This often comes at a high cost. Securitization allows such banks and finance companies to create a self-funded asset book.
Lower capital requirements: Some firms, due to legal, regulatory, or other reasons, have a limit or range that their leverage is allowed to be. By securitizing some of their assets, which qualifies as a sale for accounting purposes, these firms will be able to remove assets from their balance sheets while maintaining the "earning power" of the assets.[11]
Locking in profits: For a given block of business, the total profits have not yet emerged and thus remain uncertain. Once the block has been securitized, the level of profits has now been locked in for that company, thus the risk of profit not emerging, or the benefit of super-profits, has now been passed on.
Transfer risks (credit, liquidity, prepayment, reinvestment, asset concentration): Securitization makes it possible to transfer risks from an entity that does not want to bear it, to one that does. Two good examples of this are catastrophe bonds and Entertainment Securitizations. Similarly, by securitizing a block of business (thereby locking in a degree of profits), the company has effectively freed up its balance to go out and write more profitable business.
Off balance sheet: Derivative (finance) of many types have in the past been referred to as "off-balance-sheet." This term implies that the use of derivatives has no balance sheet impact. While there are differences among the various accounting standards internationally, there is a general trend towards the requirement to record derivatives at fair value on the balance sheet. There is also a generally accepted principle that, where derivatives are being used as a hedge against underlying assets or liabilities, accounting adjustments are required to ensure that the gain/loss on the hedged instrument is recognized in the income statement on a similar basis as the underlying assets and liabilities. Certain credit derivatives products, particularly Credit Default Swaps, now have more or less universally accepted market standard documentation. In the case of Credit Default Swaps, this documentation has been formulated by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) who have for a long time provided documentation on how to treat such derivatives on balance sheets.
Earnings: Securitization makes it possible to record an earnings bounce without any real addition to the firm. When a securitization takes place, there often is a "true sale" that takes place between the Originator (the parent company) and the SPE. This sale has to be for the market value of the underlying assets for the "true sale" to stick and thus this sale is reflected on the parent company's balance sheet, which will boost earnings for that quarter by the amount of the sale. While not illegal in any respect, this does distort the true earnings of the parent company.
Admissibility: Future cashflows may not get full credit in a company's accounts (life insurance companies, for example, may not always get full credit for future surpluses in their regulatory balance sheet), and a securitization effectively turns an admissible future surplus flow into an admissible immediate cash asset.
Liquidity: Future cashflows may simply be balance sheet items which currently are not available for spending, whereas once the book has been securitized, the cash would be available for immediate spending or investment. This also creates a reinvestment book which may well be at better rates.
Disadvantages to issuer[edit]
May reduce portfolio quality: If the AAA risks, for example, are being securitized out, this would leave a materially worse quality of residual risk.
Costs: Securitizations are expensive due to management and system costs, legal fees, underwriting fees, rating fees and ongoing administration. An allowance for unforeseen costs is usually essential in securitizations, especially if it is an atypical securitization.
Size limitations: Securitizations often require large scale structuring, and thus may not be cost-efficient for small and medium transactions.
Risks: Since securitization is a structured transaction, it may include par structures as well as credit enhancements that are subject to risks of impairment, such as prepayment, as well as credit loss, especially for structures where there are some retained strips.
Advantages to investors[edit]
Opportunity to potentially earn a higher rate of return (on a risk-adjusted basis)
Opportunity to invest in a specific pool of high quality assets: Due to the stringent requirements for corporations (for example) to attain high ratings, there is a dearth of highly rated entities that exist. Securitizations, however, allow for the creation of large quantities of AAA, AA or A rated bonds, and risk averse institutional investors, or investors that are required to invest in only highly rated assets, have access to a larger pool of investment options.
Portfolio diversification: Depending on the securitization, hedge funds as well as other institutional investors tend to like investing in bonds created through securitizations because they may be uncorrelated to their other bonds and securities.
Isolation of credit risk from the parent entity: Since the assets that are securitized are isolated (at least in theory) from the assets of the originating entity, under securitization it may be possible for the securitization to receive a higher credit rating than the "parent," because the underlying risks are different. For example, a small bank may be considered more risky than the mortgage loans it makes to its customers; were the mortgage loans to remain with the bank, the borrowers may effectively be paying higher interest (or, just as likely, the bank would be paying higher interest to its creditors, and hence less profitable).
Risks to investors[edit]
Liquidity risk
Credit/default: Default risk is generally accepted as a borrower’s inability to meet interest payment obligations on time.[13] For ABS, default may occur when maintenance obligations on the underlying collateral are not sufficiently met as detailed in its prospectus. A key indicator of a particular security’s default risk is its credit rating. Different tranches within the ABS are rated differently, with senior classes of most issues receiving the highest rating, and subordinated classes receiving correspondingly lower credit ratings.[8] Almost all mortgages, including reverse mortgages, and student loans, are now insured by the government, meaning that taxpayers are on the hook for any of these loans that go bad even if the asset is massively over-inflated. In other words, there are no limits or curbs on over-spending, or the liabilities to taxpayers.
However, the credit crisis of 2007–2008 has exposed a potential flaw in the securitization process – loan originators retain no residual risk for the loans they make, but collect substantial fees on loan issuance and securitization, which doesn't encourage improvement of underwriting standards.
Event risk
Prepayment/reinvestment/early amortization: The majority of revolving ABS are subject to some degree of early amortization risk. The risk stems from specific early amortization events or payout events that cause the security to be paid off prematurely. Typically, payout events include insufficient payments from the underlying borrowers, insufficient excess spread, a rise in the default rate on the underlying loans above a specified level, a decrease in credit enhancements below a specific level, and bankruptcy on the part of the sponsor or servicer.[8]
Currency interest rate fluctuations: Like all fixed income securities, the prices of fixed rate ABS move in response to changes in interest rates. Fluctuations in interest rates affect floating rate ABS prices less than fixed rate securities, as the index against which the ABS rate adjusts will reflect interest rate changes in the economy. Furthermore, interest rate changes may affect the prepayment rates on underlying loans that back some types of ABS, which can affect yields. Home equity loans tend to be the most sensitive to changes in interest rates, while auto loans, student loans, and credit cards are generally less sensitive to interest rates.[8]
Contractual agreements
Moral hazard: Investors usually rely on the deal manager to price the securitizations’ underlying assets. If the manager earns fees based on performance, there may be a temptation to mark up the prices of the portfolio assets. Conflicts of interest can also arise with senior note holders when the manager has a claim on the deal's excess spread.[14]
Servicer risk: The transfer or collection of payments may be delayed or reduced if the servicer becomes insolvent. This risk is mitigated by having a backup servicer involved in the transaction.[8]
History[edit]
Early developments[edit]
See also: Economic history of the Dutch Republic and Financial history of the Dutch Republic
Modern practice of securitization has its roots in the 17th-century Dutch Republic.[15][16]
Examples of securitization can be found at least as far back as the 18th century.[17] Among the early examples of mortgage-backed securities in the United States were the farm railroad mortgage bonds of the mid-19th century which contributed to the panic of 1857.[18]
In February 1970, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development created the first modern residential mortgage-backed security. The Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA or Ginnie Mae) sold securities backed by a portfolio of mortgage loans.[19]
To facilitate the securitization of non-mortgage assets, businesses substituted private credit enhancements. First, they over-collateralised pools of assets; shortly thereafter, they improved third-party and structural enhancements. In 1985, securitization techniques that had been developed in the mortgage market were applied for the first time to a class of non-mortgage assets — automobile loans. A pool of assets second only to mortgages in volume, auto loans were a good match for structured finance; their maturities, considerably shorter than those of mortgages, made the timing of cash flows more predictable, and their long statistical histories of performance gave investors confidence.[20]
This early auto loan deal was a $60 million securitization originated by Marine Midland Bank and securitised in 1985 by the Certificate for Automobile Receivables Trust (CARS, 1985-1).[21]
The first significant bank credit card sale came to market in 1986 with a private placement of $50 million of outstanding bank card loans. This transaction demonstrated to investors that, if the yields were high enough, loan pools could support asset sales with higher expected losses and administrative costs than was true within the mortgage market. Sales of this type — with no contractual obligation by the seller to provide recourse — allowed banks to receive sales treatment for accounting and regulatory purposes (easing balance sheet and capital constraints), while at the same time allowing them to retain origination and servicing fees. After the success of this initial transaction, investors grew to accept credit card receivables as collateral, and banks developed structures to normalize the cash flows.[20]
Starting in the 1990s with some earlier private transactions, securitization technology was applied to a number of sectors of the reinsurance and insurance markets including life and catastrophe. This activity grew to nearly $15bn of issuance in 2006 following the disruptions in the underlying markets caused by Hurricane Katrina and Regulation XXX. Key areas of activity in the broad area of Alternative Risk Transfer include catastrophe bonds, Life Insurance Securitization and Reinsurance Sidecars.
The first public Securitization of Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) loans started in 1997. CRA loans are loans targeted to low and moderate income borrowers and neighborhoods.[22]
As estimated by the Bond Market Association, in the United States, the total amount outstanding[clarification needed] at the end of 2004 was $1.8 trillion. This amount was about 8 percent of total outstanding bond market debt ($23.6 trillion), about 33 percent of mortgage-related debt ($5.5 trillion), and about 39 percent of corporate debt ($4.7 trillion) in the United States. In nominal terms, over the previous ten years (1995–2004) ABS[clarification needed] amount outstanding had grown about 19 percent annually, with mortgage-related debt and corporate debt each growing at about 9 percent. Gross public issuance of asset-backed securities was strong, setting new records in many years. In 2004, issuance was at an all-time record of about $0.9 trillion.[23]
At the end of 2004, the larger sectors of this market were credit card-backed securities (21 percent), home-equity backed securities (25 percent), automobile-backed securities (13 percent), and collateralized debt obligations (15 percent). Among the other market segments were student loan-backed securities (6 percent), equipment leases (4 percent), manufactured housing (2 percent), small business loans (such as loans to convenience stores and gas stations), and aircraft leases.[23]
Modern securitization took off in the late 1990s or early 2000s, thanks to the innovative structures implemented across the asset classes, such as UK Mortgage Master Trusts (concept imported from the US Credit Cards), Insurance-backed transaction (such as those implemented by the insurance securitization guru Emmanuel Issanchou) or even more esoteric asset classes (for example securitization of lottery receivables).
As the result of the credit crunch precipitated by the subprime mortgage crisis the US market for bonds backed by securitised loans was very weak in 2008 except for bonds guaranteed by a federally backed agency. As a result, interest rates rose for loans that were previously securitised such as home mortgages, student loans, auto loans and commercial mortgages[24]
Recently, securitization has been proposed and used to accelerate development of solar photovoltaic projects.[25][26] For example, SolarCity offered the first U.S. asset-backed security in the solar industry in 2013.[27]
Recent lawsuits[edit]
Recently there have been several lawsuits attributable to the rating of securitizations by the three leading rating agencies. In July, 2009, the USA’s largest public pension fund has filed suit in California state court in connection with $1 billion in losses that it says were caused by “wildly inaccurate” credit ratings from the three leading ratings agencies.[28]
See also[edit]

Collateralized debt obligation, securitization vehicle for corporate debt securities
Collateralized fund obligation, securitization vehicle for private equity and hedge fund assets
Collateralized mortgage obligation, securitization vehicle for mortgage-backed securities
Collateralized loan obligation, securitization vehicle for corporate loans

References[edit]


^ Michael Simkovic, Competition and Crisis in Mortgage Securitization
^ Michael Simkovic, Secret Liens and the Financial Crisis of 2008, American Bankruptcy Law Journal, Vol. 83, p. 253, 2009
^ Raynes, Sylvain and Ann Rutledge, The Analysis of Structured Securities, Oxford U Press, 2003, p. 103. ISBN 978-0-19-515273-9
^ "ESF Securitization Data Report Q2:business
^ Claire A. Hill, Whole Business Securitization in Emerging Markets, Duke Journal of Comparative and International Law 12:2 (2002).
^ Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Statement No. 140 "Accounting for transfers and servicing of financial assets and extinguishments of liabilities—a replacement of FASB Statement No. 125" September 2000
^ a b c d e f T Sabarwal "Common Structures of Asset Backed Securities and Their Risks, December 29, 2005
^ a b c d e f g h i j k Fixed Income Sectors: Asset-Backed Securities – A primer on asset-backed securities, Dwight Asset Management Company (2005).
^ Kim, M. ; Hessami, A. ; Sombolestani, E. (2010, March 24) CVEN 640 - Cash Flow Waterfall [Video file]. URL: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dw_z56HmLYs
^ The Committee on the Global Financial System defined Structured Finance, "The role of ratings in structured finance: issues and implications", January 2005
^ a b Reis-Roy, Calvin (1998). "Rating Securitisation Structures". Journal of International Banking Law. 13 (9): 298–304. 
^ "The Handbook of Asset-Backed Securities", Jess Lederman, 1990.
^ Reis-Roy, Calvin (2003). An Analysis of the Law and Practice of Securitisation. 
^ Tavakoli, Janet. "CDOs: Caveat Emptor" GARP Risk Review (Journal of the Global Association of Risk Professionals), September/October 2005 Issue 26.
^ Goetzmann, William N.; Rouwenhorst, K. Geert (2008). The History of Financial Innovation, in Carbon Finance, Environmental Market Solutions to Climate Change. (Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies, chapter 1, pp. 18–43). As Goetzmann & Rouwenhorst (2008) noted, "The 17th and 18th centuries in the Netherlands were a remarkable time for finance. Many of the financial products or instruments that we see today emerged during a relatively short period. In particular, merchants and bankers developed what we would today call securitization. Mutual funds and various other forms of structured finance that still exist today emerged in the 17th and 18th centuries in Holland."
^ Markham, Jerry W.: A Financial History of the United States from Enron-Era Scandals to the Great Recession (2004–2009). (Routledge, 1st edition, 2011, ISBN 0765624311), p. 355. "An early example of securitization was found in Amsterdam in the seventeenth century."
^ "Dutch Securities for American Land Speculation in the Late-Eighteenth Century", Rik Frehen, K. Geert Rouwenhorst, and William N. Goetzmann, 2012.
^ "Déjà Vu All Over Again: Agency, Uncertainty, Leverage and the Panic of 1857", Timothy J. Riddiough and Howard E. Thompson, 2012.
^ "Asset-Backed securities in Germany: the sale and Securitization of loans by German credit institutions", Deutsche Bundesbank Monthly Report July, 1997.
^ a b "Asset Securitization Comptroller's Handbook", Comptroller of the Currency Administrator of National Banks, 1997.
^ "Hearing before the U.S. House subcommittee on Policy Research and Insurance in "Asset Securitization and Secondary Markets" (July 31, 1991), page 13
^ Wachovia Press Releases
^ a b "Common Structures of Asset-Backed Securities and Their Risks", Tarun Sabarwal, December 29, 2005
^ "Mechanism for Credit Is Still Stuck" article by Vikas Bajaj in The New York Times August 12, 2008
^ Alafita, T.; Pearce, J.M. "Securitization of residential solar photovoltaic assets: Costs, risks and uncertainty". Energy Policy. 67: 488–498. doi:10.1016/j.enpol.2013.12.045. 
^ Lowder, T., & Mendelsohn, M. (2013). "The Potential of Securitization in Solar PV Finance". National Renewable Energy Laboratory. December 2013.
^ "Done Deal: The First Securitization Of Rooftop Solar Assets" Forbes - URL: http://www.forbes.com/sites/uciliawang/2013/11/21/done-deal-the-first-securitization-of-rooftop-solar-assets/
^ Leslie Wayne (July 15, 2009). "Caper Sues over Ratings of Securities". New York Times. 


External links[edit]

The Rocket Scientists of Finance BBC Programme: The City Uncovered







v
t
e


Structured finance



Securitization



Securitization transaction
Credit enhancement
Tranche





Types of Securities



Asset-backed security (ABS)
Mortgage-backed security (MBS)
Credit derivative
Credit default swap (CDS)
Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO)
Collateralized bond obligation (CBO)
Collateralized loan obligation (CLO)
Collateralized fund obligation (CFO)
Senior stretch loan
Structured product












v
t
e


Hedge funds



Investment
strategy





Arbitrage /
Relative value




Capital structure arbitrage
Convertible arbitrage
Equity market neutral
Fixed income arbitrage / Fixed-income relative-value investing
Statistical arbitrage
Volatility arbitrage






Event-driven




Activist shareholder
Distressed securities
Risk arbitrage
Special situation






Directional




Convergence trade
Commodity trading advisors / Managed futures account
Dedicated short
Global macro
Long/short equity
Trend following






Other




Fund of hedge funds / Multi-manager











Trading



Algorithmic trading
Day trading
High-frequency trading
Prime brokerage
Program trading
Proprietary trading





Related
terms





Markets




Commodities
Derivatives
Equity
Fixed income
Foreign exchange
Money markets
Structured securities






Misc




Arbitrage pricing theory
Assets under management
Black–Scholes model (Greeks (finance): Delta neutral)
Capital asset pricing model (Alpha / Beta / Security characteristic line)
Fundamental analysis
Hedge
Securitization
Short
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Technical analysis








Investors



Vulture funds
Family offices
Financial endowments
Fund of hedge funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investors
Insurance companies
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Pension funds
Sovereign wealth funds





Regulatory



Fund governance
Hedge Fund Standards Board








Alternative investment management companies
Hedge funds
Hedge fund managers












v
t
e


Financial risk and financial risk management



Categories




Credit risk



Concentration risk
Consumer credit risk
Credit derivative
Securitization





Market risk



Commodity risk (e.g. Volume risk, Basis risk, Shape risk, Holding period risk, Price area risk)
Equity risk
FX risk
Margining risk
Interest rate risk
Volatility risk
Liquidity risk (e.g. Refinancing risk)





Operational risk



Operational risk management
Legal risk
Political risk
Reputational risk
Valuation risk





Other



Profit risk
Settlement risk
Systemic risk








Modeling



Market portfolio
Modern portfolio theory
RAROC
Risk-free rate
Risk parity
Sharpe ratio
Value-at-Risk (VaR) and extensions Profit at risk, Margin at risk, Liquidity at risk





Basic concepts



Diversification
Expected return
Hazard
Hedge
Risk
Risk pool
Systematic risk








Financial economics
Investment management
Mathematical finance












v
t
e


Economic history of the Netherlands



General



Economy of the Netherlands from 1500–1700
Economic history of the Dutch Republic
Economic history of the Netherlands (1500–1815)
Financial history of the Dutch Republic
Dutch guilder
Amsterdam Entrepôt
Tulipmania (tulip mania, tulipomania)
Dutch Financial Revolution
Dutch economic miracle (ca. 1590s–1600s)
Whaling in the Netherlands
Diamond industry in the Dutch Republic
Sugar industry in the Dutch Republic
Shipbuilding industry in the Dutch Republic
(Ship designs of the Dutch Republic)
Shipping industry of the Dutch Republic
Pulp and paper industry in the Dutch Republic
History of the chocolate industry (Dutch process chocolate, cocoa powder)
Polder model
Dutch disease





Key institutions




Pre-1815



Amsterdam Stock Exchange (Beurs van Hendrick de Keyser)
Bank of Amsterdam (Amsterdamsche Wisselbank)
Brabantsche Compagnie
Compagnie van Verre
Dutch East India Company (VOC)
Dutch West India Company (WIC/GWIC)
New Netherland Company
Noordsche Compagnie





Post-1815



De Nederlandsche Bank
Stichting Max Havelaar








Notable business and
financial innovators



Louis De Geer
Gerard Adriaan Heineken
Isaac Le Maire
Johan Palmstruch
Anton Philips
Gerard Philips
Nico Roozen
Coenraad Johannes van Houten
Frans van der Hoff
A. van Ketwich





Pioneering innovations in
business and financial history



Bear raid
Central banking
Collective investment schemes (investment funds)
Common stock
Corporate bond
Corporate finance
Corporate governance
Corporate social responsibility
Dividend (dividend policy)
Dutch auction
Fairtrade certification (fairtrade labelling, fair trade labelling initiative,
fair trade certification initiative)
Formal capital markets
Futures contract (formal futures markets)
Government debt (public debt, national debt)
Initial public offering (IPO)
Investment banking
Joint-stock company with a fixed capital stock
Listed company
Mega-corporation (megacorporation)
Mutual fund
Open art market
Outward foreign direct investment (FDI)
Public company (publicly traded company)
Secondary markets
Securities markets
Securitization
Share (finance)
Shareholder activism (activist shareholder)
Shareholder advocacy
Shareholder revolt (shareholder rebellion)
Stock certificate
Short selling (naked short selling)
Stock exchange
Stock market (equity market)
Stockbroker
Stock trader
Stock trading
Technical analysis
Tontine
Transnational corporation





Influenced



Economic globalization (corporate globalization)
History of capitalism
Early European industrialization (mechanization in shipbuilding
and paper industries during the Dutch Golden Age) 1
Economic history of the United Kingdom 2
Economic history of Sweden 3
Economic history of South Africa 4
Economic history of Indonesia
Economic history of India
Economic history of Sri Lanka
Economic history of Japan
Economic history of Taiwan
Economic history of Thailand
Economic history of Malaysia
Economic history of Vietnam
Economic history of Mauritius
Economic history of Brazil
Economic history of the United States





Related



Financial markets
Financial capitalism
Financial revolution
International financial centres (global financial centres)
Economic growth
Economic boom
Economic miracle
Economic bubble (financial bubble, speculative bubble)
Stock market crash
Deindustrialization





Notable scholars 5



Violet Barbour
Fernand Braudel
Pieter de la Court
Joseph de la Vega
Jan de Vries
Warwick Funnell
William N. Goetzmann
Jonathan Israel
Bernard Mandeville
Deirdre McCloskey
Jeffrey Robertson
K. Geert Rouwenhorst
Jacob Soll
Edward Stringham
Richard Sylla
Peter J. Taylor
James D. Tracy
Immanuel Wallerstein









1 See also: Hollander beater; Wind-powered sawmill.
2 See also: Financial history of the United Kingdom; History of the British national debt; History of British financial markets; Bank of England; Cornelius Vermuyden; Bernard Mandeville.
3 See also: Early industrialization in Sweden; History of European banknotes; Stockholms Banco; Bank of Sweden; Johan Palmstruch; Louis De Geer.
4 See also: History of the South African wine industry.
5 Scholars or historians, of any nationality, whose writings concern the economic history (such as business, financial, and socio-politico-economic history) of the Netherlands.










Authority control



NDL: 01111934










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Securitization&oldid=792733543"					
Categories: Securities (finance)DebtUnited States housing bubbleHidden categories: All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2014Wikipedia articles needing clarification from March 2015 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaБългарскиCatalàDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתМакедонскиNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 09:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Securitization - Wikipedia





















 






Securitization

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For Securitization in International relations, see Securitization (international relations).
Securitization is the financial practice of pooling various types of contractual debt such as residential mortgages, commercial mortgages, auto loans or credit card debt obligations (or other non-debt assets which generate receivables) and selling their related cash flows to third party investors as securities, which may be described as bonds, pass-through securities, or collateralized debt obligations (CDOs). Investors are repaid from the principal and interest cash flows collected from the underlying debt and redistributed through the capital structure of the new financing. Securities backed by mortgage receivables are called mortgage-backed securities (MBS), while those backed by other types of receivables are asset-backed securities (ABS).
Critics have suggested that the complexity inherent in securitization can limit investors' ability to monitor risk, and that competitive securitization markets with multiple securitizers may be particularly prone to sharp declines in underwriting standards. Private, competitive mortgage securitization played an important role in the U.S. subprime mortgage crisis.[1]
In addition, off-balance sheet treatment for securitizations coupled with guarantees from the issuer can hide the extent of leverage of the securitizing firm, thereby facilitating risky capital structures and leading to an under-pricing of credit risk. Off-balance sheet securitizations also played a large role in the high leverage level of U.S. financial institutions before the financial crisis, and the need for bailouts.[2]
The granularity of pools of securitized assets can mitigate the credit risk of individual borrowers. Unlike general corporate debt, the credit quality of securitized debt is non-stationary due to changes in volatility that are time- and structure-dependent. If the transaction is properly structured and the pool performs as expected, the credit risk of all tranches of structured debt improves; if improperly structured, the affected tranches may experience dramatic credit deterioration and loss.[3]
Securitization has evolved from its beginnings in the late 18th century to an estimated outstanding of $10.24 trillion in the United States and $2.25 trillion in Europe as of the 2nd quarter of 2008. In 2007, ABS issuance amounted to $3.455 trillion in the US and $652 billion in Europe.[4] WBS (Whole Business Securitization) arrangements first appeared in the United Kingdom in the 1990s, and became common in various Commonwealth legal systems where senior creditors of an insolvent business effectively gain the right to control the company.[5] There are main players in securitization, they include investors, securiters and corporates.



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 Pooling and transfer
1.2 Issuance
1.3 Credit enhancement and tranching
1.4 Servicing
1.5 Repayment structures
1.6 Structural risks and misincentives


2 Special types of securitization

2.1 Master trust
2.2 Issuance trust
2.3 Grantor trust
2.4 Owner trust


3 Motives for securitization

3.1 Advantages to issuer
3.2 Disadvantages to issuer
3.3 Advantages to investors
3.4 Risks to investors


4 History

4.1 Early developments
4.2 Recent lawsuits


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



Structure[edit]
Pooling and transfer[edit]
The originator initially owns the assets engaged in the deal. This is typically a company looking to either raise capital, restructure debt or otherwise adjust its finances (but also includes businesses established specifically to generate marketable debt (consumer or otherwise) for the purpose of subsequent securitization). Under traditional corporate finance concepts, such a company would have three options to raise new capital: a loan, bond issue, or issuance of stock. However, stock offerings dilute the ownership and control of the company, while loan or bond financing is often prohibitively expensive due to the credit rating of the company and the associated rise in interest rates.
The consistently revenue-generating part of the company may have a much higher credit rating than the company as a whole. For instance, a leasing company may have provided $10m nominal value of leases, and it will receive a cash flow over the next five years from these. It cannot demand early repayment on the leases and so cannot get its money back early if required. If it could sell the rights to the cash flows from the leases to someone else, it could transform that income stream into a lump sum today (in effect, receiving today the present value of a future cash flow). Where the originator is a bank or other organization that must meet capital adequacy requirements, the structure is usually more complex because a separate company is set up to buy the assets.
A suitably large portfolio of assets is "pooled" and transferred to a "special purpose vehicle" or "SPV" (the issuer), a tax-exempt company or trust formed for the specific purpose of funding the assets. Once the assets are transferred to the issuer, there is normally no recourse to the originator. The issuer is "bankruptcy remote", meaning that if the originator goes into bankruptcy, the assets of the issuer will not be distributed to the creditors of the originator. In order to achieve this, the governing documents of the issuer restrict its activities to only those necessary to complete the issuance of securities. Many issuers are typically "orphaned". In the case of certain assets, such as credit card debt, where the portfolio is made up of a constantly changing pool of receivables, a trust in favor of the SPV may be declared in place of traditional transfer by assignment (see the outline of the master trust structure below).
Accounting standards govern when such a transfer is a true sale, a financing, a partial sale, or a part-sale and part-financing.[6] In a true sale, the originator is allowed to remove the transferred assets from its balance sheet: in a financing, the assets are considered to remain the property of the originator.[7] Under US accounting standards, the originator achieves a sale by being at arm's length from the issuer, in which case the issuer is classified as a "qualifying special purpose entity" or "qSPE".
Because of these structural issues, the originator typically needs the help of an investment bank (the arranger) in setting up the structure of the transaction.
Issuance[edit]
To be able to buy the assets from the originator, the issuer SPV issues tradable securities to fund the purchase. Investors purchase the securities, either through a private offering (targeting institutional investors) or on the open market. The performance of the securities is then directly linked to the performance of the assets. Credit rating agencies rate the securities which are issued to provide an external perspective on the liabilities being created and help the investor make a more informed decision.
In transactions with static assets, a depositor will assemble the underlying collateral, help structure the securities and work with the financial markets to sell the securities to investors. The depositor has taken on added significance under Regulation AB. The depositor typically owns 100% of the beneficial interest in the issuing entity and is usually the parent or a wholly owned subsidiary of the parent which initiates the transaction. In transactions with managed (traded) assets, asset managers assemble the underlying collateral, help structure the securities and work with the financial markets in order to sell the securities to investors.
Some deals may include a third-party guarantor which provides guarantees or partial guarantees for the assets, the principal and the interest payments, for a fee.
The securities can be issued with either a fixed interest rate or a floating rate under currency pegging system. Fixed rate ABS set the “coupon” (rate) at the time of issuance, in a fashion similar to corporate bonds and T-Bills. Floating rate securities may be backed by both amortizing and non-amortizing assets in the floating market. In contrast to fixed rate securities, the rates on “floaters” will periodically adjust up or down according to a designated index such as a U.S. Treasury rate, or, more typically, the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). The floating rate usually reflects the movement in the index plus an additional fixed margin to cover the added risk.[8]
Credit enhancement and tranching[edit]
Unlike conventional corporate bonds which are unsecured, securities created in a securitization are "credit enhanced", meaning their credit quality is increased above that of the originator's unsecured debt or underlying asset pool. This increases the likelihood that the investors will receive the cash flows to which they are entitled, and thus enables the securities to have a higher credit rating than the originator. Some securitizations use external credit enhancement provided by third parties, such as surety bonds and parental guarantees (although this may introduce a conflict of interest).
The issued securities are often split into tranches, or categorized into varying degrees of subordination. Each tranche has a different level of credit protection or risk exposure: there is generally a senior ("A") class of securities and one or more junior subordinated ("B", "C", etc.) classes that function as protective layers for the "A" class. The senior classes have first claim on the cash that the SPV receives, and the more junior classes only start receiving repayment after the more senior classes have been repaid. Because of the cascading effect between classes, this arrangement is often referred to as a cash flow waterfall.[9] If the underlying asset pool becomes insufficient to make payments on the securities (e.g. when loans default within a portfolio of loan claims), the loss is absorbed first by the subordinated tranches, and the upper-level tranches remain unaffected until the losses exceed the entire amount of the subordinated tranches. The senior securities might be AAA or AA rated, signifying a lower risk, while the lower-credit quality subordinated classes receive a lower credit rating, signifying a higher risk.[8]
The most junior class (often called the equity class) is the most exposed to payment risk. In some cases, this is a special type of instrument which is retained by the originator as a potential profit flow. In some cases the equity class receives no coupon (either fixed or floating), but only the residual cash flow (if any) after all the other classes have been paid.
There may also be a special class which absorbs early repayments in the underlying assets. This is often the case where the underlying assets are mortgages which, in essence, are repaid whenever the properties are sold. Since any early repayments are passed on to this class, it means the other investors have a more predictable cash flow.
If the underlying assets are mortgages or loans, there are usually two separate "waterfalls" because the principal and interest receipts can be easily allocated and matched. But if the assets are income-based transactions such as rental deals one cannot categorise the revenue so easily between income and principal repayment. In this case all the revenue is used to pay the cash flows due on the bonds as those cash flows become due.
Credit enhancements affect credit risk by providing more or less protection for promised cash flows for a security. Additional protection can help a security achieve a higher rating, lower protection can help create new securities with differently desired risks, and these differential protections can make the securities more attractive.
In addition to subordination, credit may be enhanced through:[7]

A reserve or spread account, in which funds remaining after expenses such as principal and interest payments, charge-offs and other fees have been paid-off are accumulated, and can be used when SPE expenses are greater than its income.
Third-party insurance, or guarantees of principal and interest payments on the securities.
Over-collateralisation, usually by using finance income to pay off principal on some securities before principal on the corresponding share of collateral is collected.
Cash funding or a cash collateral account, generally consisting of short-term, highly rated investments purchased either from the seller's own funds, or from funds borrowed from third parties that can be used to make up shortfalls in promised cash flows.
A third-party letter of credit or corporate guarantee.
A back-up servicer for the loans.
Discounted receivables for the pool.

Servicing[edit]
A servicer collects payments and monitors the assets that are the crux of the structured financial deal. The servicer can often be the originator, because the servicer needs very similar expertise to the originator and would want to ensure that loan repayments are paid to the Special Purpose Vehicle.
The servicer can significantly affect the cash flows to the investors because it controls the collection policy, which influences the proceeds collected, the charge-offs and the recoveries on the loans. Any income remaining after payments and expenses is usually accumulated to some extent in a reserve or spread account, and any further excess is returned to the seller. Bond rating agencies publish ratings of asset-backed securities based on the performance of the collateral pool, the credit enhancements and the probability of default.[7]
When the issuer is structured as a trust, the trustee is a vital part of the deal as the gate-keeper of the assets that are being held in the issuer. Even though the trustee is part of the SPV, which is typically wholly owned by the Originator, the trustee has a fiduciary duty to protect the assets and those who own the assets, typically the investors.
Repayment structures[edit]
Unlike corporate bonds, most securitizations are amortized, meaning that the principal amount borrowed is paid back gradually over the specified term of the loan, rather than in one lump sum at the maturity of the loan. Fully amortizing securitizations are generally collateralised by fully amortizing assets, such as home equity loans, auto loans, and student loans. Prepayment uncertainty is an important concern with fully amortizing ABS. The possible rate of prepayment varies widely with the type of underlying asset pool, so many prepayment models have been developed to try to define common prepayment activity. The PSA prepayment model is a well-known example.[8][10]
A controlled amortization structure can give investors a more predictable repayment schedule, even though the underlying assets may be nonamortising. After a predetermined "revolving period", during which only interest payments are made, these securitizations attempt to return principal to investors in a series of defined periodic payments, usually within a year. An early amortization event is the risk of the debt being retired early.[8]
On the other hand, bullet or slug structures return the principal to investors in a single payment. The most common bullet structure is called the soft bullet, meaning that the final bullet payment is not guaranteed to be paid on the scheduled maturity date; however, the majority of these securitizations are paid on time. The second type of bullet structure is the hard bullet, which guarantees that the principal will be paid on the scheduled maturity date. Hard bullet structures are less common for two reasons: investors are comfortable with soft bullet structures, and they are reluctant to accept the lower yields of hard bullet securities in exchange for a guarantee.[8]
Securitizations are often structured as a sequential pay bond, paid off in a sequential manner based on maturity. This means that the first tranche, which may have a one-year average life, will receive all principal payments until it is retired; then the second tranche begins to receive principal, and so forth.[8] Pro rata bond structures pay each tranche a proportionate share of principal throughout the life of the security.[8]
Structural risks and misincentives[edit]
Some originators (e.g. of mortgages) have prioritised loan volume over credit quality, disregarding the long-term risk of the assets they have created in their enthusiasm to profit from the fees associated with origination and securitization. Other originators, aware of the reputational harm and added expense if risky loans are subject to repurchase requests or improperly originated loans lead to litigation, have paid more attention to credit quality.[citation needed]
Special types of securitization[edit]
Master trust[edit]
A master trust is a type of SPV particularly suited to handle revolving credit card balances, and has the flexibility to handle different securities at different times. In a typical master trust transaction, an originator of credit card receivables transfers a pool of those receivables to the trust and then the trust issues securities backed by these receivables. Often there will be many tranched securities issued by the trust all based on one set of receivables. After this transaction, typically the originator would continue to service the receivables, in this case the credit cards.
There are various risks involved with master trusts specifically. One risk is that timing of cash flows promised to investors might be different from timing of payments on the receivables. For example, credit card-backed securities can have maturities of up to 10 years, but credit card-backed receivables usually pay off much more quickly. To solve this issue these securities typically have a revolving period, an accumulation period, and an amortization period. All three of these periods are based on historical experience of the receivables. During the revolving period, principal payments received on the credit card balances are used to purchase additional receivables. During the accumulation period, these payments are accumulated in a separate account. During the amortization period, new payments are passed through to the investors.
A second risk is that the total investor interests and the seller's interest are limited to receivables generated by the credit cards, but the seller (originator) owns the accounts. This can cause issues with how the seller controls the terms and conditions of the accounts. Typically to solve this, there is language written into the securitization to protect the investors and potential receivables.
A third risk is that payments on the receivables can shrink the pool balance and under-collateralize total investor interest. To prevent this, often there is a required minimum seller's interest, and if there was a decrease then an early amortization event would occur.[7]
Issuance trust[edit]
In 2000, Citibank introduced a new structure for credit card-backed securities, called an issuance trust, which does not have limitations that master trusts sometimes do, that requires each issued series of securities to have both a senior and subordinate tranche. There are other benefits to an issuance trust: they provide more flexibility in issuing senior/subordinate securities, can increase demand because pension funds are eligible to invest in investment-grade securities issued by them, and they can significantly reduce the cost of issuing securities. Because of these issues, issuance trusts are now the dominant structure used by major issuers of credit card-backed securities.[7]
Grantor trust[edit]
Grantor trusts are typically used in automobile-backed securities and REMICs (Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits). Grantor trusts are very similar to pass-through trusts used in the earlier days of securitization. An originator pools together loans and sells them to a grantor trust, which issues classes of securities backed by these loans. Principal and interest received on the loans, after expenses are taken into account, are passed through to the holders of the securities on a pro-rata basis.[11]
Owner trust[edit]
In an owner trust, there is more flexibility in allocating principal and interest received to different classes of issued securities. In an owner trust, both interest and principal due to subordinate securities can be used to pay senior securities. Due to this, owner trusts can tailor maturity, risk and return profiles of issued securities to investor needs. Usually, any income remaining after expenses is kept in a reserve account up to a specified level and then after that, all income is returned to the seller. Owner trusts allow credit risk to be mitigated by over-collateralization by using excess reserves and excess finance income to prepay securities before principal, which leaves more collateral for the other classes.
Motives for securitization[edit]
Advantages to issuer[edit]
Reduces funding costs: Through securitization, a company rated BB but with AAA worthy cash flow would be able to borrow at possibly AAA rates. This is the number one reason to securitize a cash flow and can have tremendous impacts on borrowing costs. The difference between BB debt and AAA debt can be multiple hundreds of basis points. For example, Moody's downgraded Ford Motor Credit's rating in January 2002, but senior automobile backed securities, issued by Ford Motor Credit in January 2002 and April 2002, continue to be rated AAA because of the strength of the underlying collateral and other credit enhancements.[7]
Reduces asset-liability mismatch: "Depending on the structure chosen, securitization can offer perfect matched funding by eliminating funding exposure in terms of both duration and pricing basis."[12] Essentially, in most banks and finance companies, the liability book or the funding is from borrowings. This often comes at a high cost. Securitization allows such banks and finance companies to create a self-funded asset book.
Lower capital requirements: Some firms, due to legal, regulatory, or other reasons, have a limit or range that their leverage is allowed to be. By securitizing some of their assets, which qualifies as a sale for accounting purposes, these firms will be able to remove assets from their balance sheets while maintaining the "earning power" of the assets.[11]
Locking in profits: For a given block of business, the total profits have not yet emerged and thus remain uncertain. Once the block has been securitized, the level of profits has now been locked in for that company, thus the risk of profit not emerging, or the benefit of super-profits, has now been passed on.
Transfer risks (credit, liquidity, prepayment, reinvestment, asset concentration): Securitization makes it possible to transfer risks from an entity that does not want to bear it, to one that does. Two good examples of this are catastrophe bonds and Entertainment Securitizations. Similarly, by securitizing a block of business (thereby locking in a degree of profits), the company has effectively freed up its balance to go out and write more profitable business.
Off balance sheet: Derivative (finance) of many types have in the past been referred to as "off-balance-sheet." This term implies that the use of derivatives has no balance sheet impact. While there are differences among the various accounting standards internationally, there is a general trend towards the requirement to record derivatives at fair value on the balance sheet. There is also a generally accepted principle that, where derivatives are being used as a hedge against underlying assets or liabilities, accounting adjustments are required to ensure that the gain/loss on the hedged instrument is recognized in the income statement on a similar basis as the underlying assets and liabilities. Certain credit derivatives products, particularly Credit Default Swaps, now have more or less universally accepted market standard documentation. In the case of Credit Default Swaps, this documentation has been formulated by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) who have for a long time provided documentation on how to treat such derivatives on balance sheets.
Earnings: Securitization makes it possible to record an earnings bounce without any real addition to the firm. When a securitization takes place, there often is a "true sale" that takes place between the Originator (the parent company) and the SPE. This sale has to be for the market value of the underlying assets for the "true sale" to stick and thus this sale is reflected on the parent company's balance sheet, which will boost earnings for that quarter by the amount of the sale. While not illegal in any respect, this does distort the true earnings of the parent company.
Admissibility: Future cashflows may not get full credit in a company's accounts (life insurance companies, for example, may not always get full credit for future surpluses in their regulatory balance sheet), and a securitization effectively turns an admissible future surplus flow into an admissible immediate cash asset.
Liquidity: Future cashflows may simply be balance sheet items which currently are not available for spending, whereas once the book has been securitized, the cash would be available for immediate spending or investment. This also creates a reinvestment book which may well be at better rates.
Disadvantages to issuer[edit]
May reduce portfolio quality: If the AAA risks, for example, are being securitized out, this would leave a materially worse quality of residual risk.
Costs: Securitizations are expensive due to management and system costs, legal fees, underwriting fees, rating fees and ongoing administration. An allowance for unforeseen costs is usually essential in securitizations, especially if it is an atypical securitization.
Size limitations: Securitizations often require large scale structuring, and thus may not be cost-efficient for small and medium transactions.
Risks: Since securitization is a structured transaction, it may include par structures as well as credit enhancements that are subject to risks of impairment, such as prepayment, as well as credit loss, especially for structures where there are some retained strips.
Advantages to investors[edit]
Opportunity to potentially earn a higher rate of return (on a risk-adjusted basis)
Opportunity to invest in a specific pool of high quality assets: Due to the stringent requirements for corporations (for example) to attain high ratings, there is a dearth of highly rated entities that exist. Securitizations, however, allow for the creation of large quantities of AAA, AA or A rated bonds, and risk averse institutional investors, or investors that are required to invest in only highly rated assets, have access to a larger pool of investment options.
Portfolio diversification: Depending on the securitization, hedge funds as well as other institutional investors tend to like investing in bonds created through securitizations because they may be uncorrelated to their other bonds and securities.
Isolation of credit risk from the parent entity: Since the assets that are securitized are isolated (at least in theory) from the assets of the originating entity, under securitization it may be possible for the securitization to receive a higher credit rating than the "parent," because the underlying risks are different. For example, a small bank may be considered more risky than the mortgage loans it makes to its customers; were the mortgage loans to remain with the bank, the borrowers may effectively be paying higher interest (or, just as likely, the bank would be paying higher interest to its creditors, and hence less profitable).
Risks to investors[edit]
Liquidity risk
Credit/default: Default risk is generally accepted as a borrower’s inability to meet interest payment obligations on time.[13] For ABS, default may occur when maintenance obligations on the underlying collateral are not sufficiently met as detailed in its prospectus. A key indicator of a particular security’s default risk is its credit rating. Different tranches within the ABS are rated differently, with senior classes of most issues receiving the highest rating, and subordinated classes receiving correspondingly lower credit ratings.[8] Almost all mortgages, including reverse mortgages, and student loans, are now insured by the government, meaning that taxpayers are on the hook for any of these loans that go bad even if the asset is massively over-inflated. In other words, there are no limits or curbs on over-spending, or the liabilities to taxpayers.
However, the credit crisis of 2007–2008 has exposed a potential flaw in the securitization process – loan originators retain no residual risk for the loans they make, but collect substantial fees on loan issuance and securitization, which doesn't encourage improvement of underwriting standards.
Event risk
Prepayment/reinvestment/early amortization: The majority of revolving ABS are subject to some degree of early amortization risk. The risk stems from specific early amortization events or payout events that cause the security to be paid off prematurely. Typically, payout events include insufficient payments from the underlying borrowers, insufficient excess spread, a rise in the default rate on the underlying loans above a specified level, a decrease in credit enhancements below a specific level, and bankruptcy on the part of the sponsor or servicer.[8]
Currency interest rate fluctuations: Like all fixed income securities, the prices of fixed rate ABS move in response to changes in interest rates. Fluctuations in interest rates affect floating rate ABS prices less than fixed rate securities, as the index against which the ABS rate adjusts will reflect interest rate changes in the economy. Furthermore, interest rate changes may affect the prepayment rates on underlying loans that back some types of ABS, which can affect yields. Home equity loans tend to be the most sensitive to changes in interest rates, while auto loans, student loans, and credit cards are generally less sensitive to interest rates.[8]
Contractual agreements
Moral hazard: Investors usually rely on the deal manager to price the securitizations’ underlying assets. If the manager earns fees based on performance, there may be a temptation to mark up the prices of the portfolio assets. Conflicts of interest can also arise with senior note holders when the manager has a claim on the deal's excess spread.[14]
Servicer risk: The transfer or collection of payments may be delayed or reduced if the servicer becomes insolvent. This risk is mitigated by having a backup servicer involved in the transaction.[8]
History[edit]
Early developments[edit]
See also: Economic history of the Dutch Republic and Financial history of the Dutch Republic
Modern practice of securitization has its roots in the 17th-century Dutch Republic.[15][16]
Examples of securitization can be found at least as far back as the 18th century.[17] Among the early examples of mortgage-backed securities in the United States were the farm railroad mortgage bonds of the mid-19th century which contributed to the panic of 1857.[18]
In February 1970, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development created the first modern residential mortgage-backed security. The Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA or Ginnie Mae) sold securities backed by a portfolio of mortgage loans.[19]
To facilitate the securitization of non-mortgage assets, businesses substituted private credit enhancements. First, they over-collateralised pools of assets; shortly thereafter, they improved third-party and structural enhancements. In 1985, securitization techniques that had been developed in the mortgage market were applied for the first time to a class of non-mortgage assets — automobile loans. A pool of assets second only to mortgages in volume, auto loans were a good match for structured finance; their maturities, considerably shorter than those of mortgages, made the timing of cash flows more predictable, and their long statistical histories of performance gave investors confidence.[20]
This early auto loan deal was a $60 million securitization originated by Marine Midland Bank and securitised in 1985 by the Certificate for Automobile Receivables Trust (CARS, 1985-1).[21]
The first significant bank credit card sale came to market in 1986 with a private placement of $50 million of outstanding bank card loans. This transaction demonstrated to investors that, if the yields were high enough, loan pools could support asset sales with higher expected losses and administrative costs than was true within the mortgage market. Sales of this type — with no contractual obligation by the seller to provide recourse — allowed banks to receive sales treatment for accounting and regulatory purposes (easing balance sheet and capital constraints), while at the same time allowing them to retain origination and servicing fees. After the success of this initial transaction, investors grew to accept credit card receivables as collateral, and banks developed structures to normalize the cash flows.[20]
Starting in the 1990s with some earlier private transactions, securitization technology was applied to a number of sectors of the reinsurance and insurance markets including life and catastrophe. This activity grew to nearly $15bn of issuance in 2006 following the disruptions in the underlying markets caused by Hurricane Katrina and Regulation XXX. Key areas of activity in the broad area of Alternative Risk Transfer include catastrophe bonds, Life Insurance Securitization and Reinsurance Sidecars.
The first public Securitization of Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) loans started in 1997. CRA loans are loans targeted to low and moderate income borrowers and neighborhoods.[22]
As estimated by the Bond Market Association, in the United States, the total amount outstanding[clarification needed] at the end of 2004 was $1.8 trillion. This amount was about 8 percent of total outstanding bond market debt ($23.6 trillion), about 33 percent of mortgage-related debt ($5.5 trillion), and about 39 percent of corporate debt ($4.7 trillion) in the United States. In nominal terms, over the previous ten years (1995–2004) ABS[clarification needed] amount outstanding had grown about 19 percent annually, with mortgage-related debt and corporate debt each growing at about 9 percent. Gross public issuance of asset-backed securities was strong, setting new records in many years. In 2004, issuance was at an all-time record of about $0.9 trillion.[23]
At the end of 2004, the larger sectors of this market were credit card-backed securities (21 percent), home-equity backed securities (25 percent), automobile-backed securities (13 percent), and collateralized debt obligations (15 percent). Among the other market segments were student loan-backed securities (6 percent), equipment leases (4 percent), manufactured housing (2 percent), small business loans (such as loans to convenience stores and gas stations), and aircraft leases.[23]
Modern securitization took off in the late 1990s or early 2000s, thanks to the innovative structures implemented across the asset classes, such as UK Mortgage Master Trusts (concept imported from the US Credit Cards), Insurance-backed transaction (such as those implemented by the insurance securitization guru Emmanuel Issanchou) or even more esoteric asset classes (for example securitization of lottery receivables).
As the result of the credit crunch precipitated by the subprime mortgage crisis the US market for bonds backed by securitised loans was very weak in 2008 except for bonds guaranteed by a federally backed agency. As a result, interest rates rose for loans that were previously securitised such as home mortgages, student loans, auto loans and commercial mortgages[24]
Recently, securitization has been proposed and used to accelerate development of solar photovoltaic projects.[25][26] For example, SolarCity offered the first U.S. asset-backed security in the solar industry in 2013.[27]
Recent lawsuits[edit]
Recently there have been several lawsuits attributable to the rating of securitizations by the three leading rating agencies. In July, 2009, the USA’s largest public pension fund has filed suit in California state court in connection with $1 billion in losses that it says were caused by “wildly inaccurate” credit ratings from the three leading ratings agencies.[28]
See also[edit]

Collateralized debt obligation, securitization vehicle for corporate debt securities
Collateralized fund obligation, securitization vehicle for private equity and hedge fund assets
Collateralized mortgage obligation, securitization vehicle for mortgage-backed securities
Collateralized loan obligation, securitization vehicle for corporate loans

References[edit]


^ Michael Simkovic, Competition and Crisis in Mortgage Securitization
^ Michael Simkovic, Secret Liens and the Financial Crisis of 2008, American Bankruptcy Law Journal, Vol. 83, p. 253, 2009
^ Raynes, Sylvain and Ann Rutledge, The Analysis of Structured Securities, Oxford U Press, 2003, p. 103. ISBN 978-0-19-515273-9
^ "ESF Securitization Data Report Q2:business
^ Claire A. Hill, Whole Business Securitization in Emerging Markets, Duke Journal of Comparative and International Law 12:2 (2002).
^ Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Statement No. 140 "Accounting for transfers and servicing of financial assets and extinguishments of liabilities—a replacement of FASB Statement No. 125" September 2000
^ a b c d e f T Sabarwal "Common Structures of Asset Backed Securities and Their Risks, December 29, 2005
^ a b c d e f g h i j k Fixed Income Sectors: Asset-Backed Securities – A primer on asset-backed securities, Dwight Asset Management Company (2005).
^ Kim, M. ; Hessami, A. ; Sombolestani, E. (2010, March 24) CVEN 640 - Cash Flow Waterfall [Video file]. URL: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dw_z56HmLYs
^ The Committee on the Global Financial System defined Structured Finance, "The role of ratings in structured finance: issues and implications", January 2005
^ a b Reis-Roy, Calvin (1998). "Rating Securitisation Structures". Journal of International Banking Law. 13 (9): 298–304. 
^ "The Handbook of Asset-Backed Securities", Jess Lederman, 1990.
^ Reis-Roy, Calvin (2003). An Analysis of the Law and Practice of Securitisation. 
^ Tavakoli, Janet. "CDOs: Caveat Emptor" GARP Risk Review (Journal of the Global Association of Risk Professionals), September/October 2005 Issue 26.
^ Goetzmann, William N.; Rouwenhorst, K. Geert (2008). The History of Financial Innovation, in Carbon Finance, Environmental Market Solutions to Climate Change. (Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies, chapter 1, pp. 18–43). As Goetzmann & Rouwenhorst (2008) noted, "The 17th and 18th centuries in the Netherlands were a remarkable time for finance. Many of the financial products or instruments that we see today emerged during a relatively short period. In particular, merchants and bankers developed what we would today call securitization. Mutual funds and various other forms of structured finance that still exist today emerged in the 17th and 18th centuries in Holland."
^ Markham, Jerry W.: A Financial History of the United States from Enron-Era Scandals to the Great Recession (2004–2009). (Routledge, 1st edition, 2011, ISBN 0765624311), p. 355. "An early example of securitization was found in Amsterdam in the seventeenth century."
^ "Dutch Securities for American Land Speculation in the Late-Eighteenth Century", Rik Frehen, K. Geert Rouwenhorst, and William N. Goetzmann, 2012.
^ "Déjà Vu All Over Again: Agency, Uncertainty, Leverage and the Panic of 1857", Timothy J. Riddiough and Howard E. Thompson, 2012.
^ "Asset-Backed securities in Germany: the sale and Securitization of loans by German credit institutions", Deutsche Bundesbank Monthly Report July, 1997.
^ a b "Asset Securitization Comptroller's Handbook", Comptroller of the Currency Administrator of National Banks, 1997.
^ "Hearing before the U.S. House subcommittee on Policy Research and Insurance in "Asset Securitization and Secondary Markets" (July 31, 1991), page 13
^ Wachovia Press Releases
^ a b "Common Structures of Asset-Backed Securities and Their Risks", Tarun Sabarwal, December 29, 2005
^ "Mechanism for Credit Is Still Stuck" article by Vikas Bajaj in The New York Times August 12, 2008
^ Alafita, T.; Pearce, J.M. "Securitization of residential solar photovoltaic assets: Costs, risks and uncertainty". Energy Policy. 67: 488–498. doi:10.1016/j.enpol.2013.12.045. 
^ Lowder, T., & Mendelsohn, M. (2013). "The Potential of Securitization in Solar PV Finance". National Renewable Energy Laboratory. December 2013.
^ "Done Deal: The First Securitization Of Rooftop Solar Assets" Forbes - URL: http://www.forbes.com/sites/uciliawang/2013/11/21/done-deal-the-first-securitization-of-rooftop-solar-assets/
^ Leslie Wayne (July 15, 2009). "Caper Sues over Ratings of Securities". New York Times. 


External links[edit]

The Rocket Scientists of Finance BBC Programme: The City Uncovered







v
t
e


Structured finance



Securitization



Securitization transaction
Credit enhancement
Tranche





Types of Securities



Asset-backed security (ABS)
Mortgage-backed security (MBS)
Credit derivative
Credit default swap (CDS)
Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO)
Collateralized bond obligation (CBO)
Collateralized loan obligation (CLO)
Collateralized fund obligation (CFO)
Senior stretch loan
Structured product












v
t
e


Hedge funds



Investment
strategy





Arbitrage /
Relative value




Capital structure arbitrage
Convertible arbitrage
Equity market neutral
Fixed income arbitrage / Fixed-income relative-value investing
Statistical arbitrage
Volatility arbitrage






Event-driven




Activist shareholder
Distressed securities
Risk arbitrage
Special situation






Directional




Convergence trade
Commodity trading advisors / Managed futures account
Dedicated short
Global macro
Long/short equity
Trend following






Other




Fund of hedge funds / Multi-manager











Trading



Algorithmic trading
Day trading
High-frequency trading
Prime brokerage
Program trading
Proprietary trading





Related
terms





Markets




Commodities
Derivatives
Equity
Fixed income
Foreign exchange
Money markets
Structured securities






Misc




Arbitrage pricing theory
Assets under management
Black–Scholes model (Greeks (finance): Delta neutral)
Capital asset pricing model (Alpha / Beta / Security characteristic line)
Fundamental analysis
Hedge
Securitization
Short
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Technical analysis








Investors



Vulture funds
Family offices
Financial endowments
Fund of hedge funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investors
Insurance companies
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Pension funds
Sovereign wealth funds





Regulatory



Fund governance
Hedge Fund Standards Board








Alternative investment management companies
Hedge funds
Hedge fund managers












v
t
e


Financial risk and financial risk management



Categories




Credit risk



Concentration risk
Consumer credit risk
Credit derivative
Securitization





Market risk



Commodity risk (e.g. Volume risk, Basis risk, Shape risk, Holding period risk, Price area risk)
Equity risk
FX risk
Margining risk
Interest rate risk
Volatility risk
Liquidity risk (e.g. Refinancing risk)





Operational risk



Operational risk management
Legal risk
Political risk
Reputational risk
Valuation risk





Other



Profit risk
Settlement risk
Systemic risk








Modeling



Market portfolio
Modern portfolio theory
RAROC
Risk-free rate
Risk parity
Sharpe ratio
Value-at-Risk (VaR) and extensions Profit at risk, Margin at risk, Liquidity at risk





Basic concepts



Diversification
Expected return
Hazard
Hedge
Risk
Risk pool
Systematic risk








Financial economics
Investment management
Mathematical finance












v
t
e


Economic history of the Netherlands



General



Economy of the Netherlands from 1500–1700
Economic history of the Dutch Republic
Economic history of the Netherlands (1500–1815)
Financial history of the Dutch Republic
Dutch guilder
Amsterdam Entrepôt
Tulipmania (tulip mania, tulipomania)
Dutch Financial Revolution
Dutch economic miracle (ca. 1590s–1600s)
Whaling in the Netherlands
Diamond industry in the Dutch Republic
Sugar industry in the Dutch Republic
Shipbuilding industry in the Dutch Republic
(Ship designs of the Dutch Republic)
Shipping industry of the Dutch Republic
Pulp and paper industry in the Dutch Republic
History of the chocolate industry (Dutch process chocolate, cocoa powder)
Polder model
Dutch disease





Key institutions




Pre-1815



Amsterdam Stock Exchange (Beurs van Hendrick de Keyser)
Bank of Amsterdam (Amsterdamsche Wisselbank)
Brabantsche Compagnie
Compagnie van Verre
Dutch East India Company (VOC)
Dutch West India Company (WIC/GWIC)
New Netherland Company
Noordsche Compagnie





Post-1815



De Nederlandsche Bank
Stichting Max Havelaar








Notable business and
financial innovators



Louis De Geer
Gerard Adriaan Heineken
Isaac Le Maire
Johan Palmstruch
Anton Philips
Gerard Philips
Nico Roozen
Coenraad Johannes van Houten
Frans van der Hoff
A. van Ketwich





Pioneering innovations in
business and financial history



Bear raid
Central banking
Collective investment schemes (investment funds)
Common stock
Corporate bond
Corporate finance
Corporate governance
Corporate social responsibility
Dividend (dividend policy)
Dutch auction
Fairtrade certification (fairtrade labelling, fair trade labelling initiative,
fair trade certification initiative)
Formal capital markets
Futures contract (formal futures markets)
Government debt (public debt, national debt)
Initial public offering (IPO)
Investment banking
Joint-stock company with a fixed capital stock
Listed company
Mega-corporation (megacorporation)
Mutual fund
Open art market
Outward foreign direct investment (FDI)
Public company (publicly traded company)
Secondary markets
Securities markets
Securitization
Share (finance)
Shareholder activism (activist shareholder)
Shareholder advocacy
Shareholder revolt (shareholder rebellion)
Stock certificate
Short selling (naked short selling)
Stock exchange
Stock market (equity market)
Stockbroker
Stock trader
Stock trading
Technical analysis
Tontine
Transnational corporation





Influenced



Economic globalization (corporate globalization)
History of capitalism
Early European industrialization (mechanization in shipbuilding
and paper industries during the Dutch Golden Age) 1
Economic history of the United Kingdom 2
Economic history of Sweden 3
Economic history of South Africa 4
Economic history of Indonesia
Economic history of India
Economic history of Sri Lanka
Economic history of Japan
Economic history of Taiwan
Economic history of Thailand
Economic history of Malaysia
Economic history of Vietnam
Economic history of Mauritius
Economic history of Brazil
Economic history of the United States





Related



Financial markets
Financial capitalism
Financial revolution
International financial centres (global financial centres)
Economic growth
Economic boom
Economic miracle
Economic bubble (financial bubble, speculative bubble)
Stock market crash
Deindustrialization





Notable scholars 5



Violet Barbour
Fernand Braudel
Pieter de la Court
Joseph de la Vega
Jan de Vries
Warwick Funnell
William N. Goetzmann
Jonathan Israel
Bernard Mandeville
Deirdre McCloskey
Jeffrey Robertson
K. Geert Rouwenhorst
Jacob Soll
Edward Stringham
Richard Sylla
Peter J. Taylor
James D. Tracy
Immanuel Wallerstein









1 See also: Hollander beater; Wind-powered sawmill.
2 See also: Financial history of the United Kingdom; History of the British national debt; History of British financial markets; Bank of England; Cornelius Vermuyden; Bernard Mandeville.
3 See also: Early industrialization in Sweden; History of European banknotes; Stockholms Banco; Bank of Sweden; Johan Palmstruch; Louis De Geer.
4 See also: History of the South African wine industry.
5 Scholars or historians, of any nationality, whose writings concern the economic history (such as business, financial, and socio-politico-economic history) of the Netherlands.










Authority control



NDL: 01111934










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Securitization&oldid=792733543"					
Categories: Securities (finance)DebtUnited States housing bubbleHidden categories: All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2014Wikipedia articles needing clarification from March 2015 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaБългарскиCatalàDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתМакедонскиNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 09:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Securitization - Wikipedia





















 






Securitization

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For Securitization in International relations, see Securitization (international relations).
Securitization is the financial practice of pooling various types of contractual debt such as residential mortgages, commercial mortgages, auto loans or credit card debt obligations (or other non-debt assets which generate receivables) and selling their related cash flows to third party investors as securities, which may be described as bonds, pass-through securities, or collateralized debt obligations (CDOs). Investors are repaid from the principal and interest cash flows collected from the underlying debt and redistributed through the capital structure of the new financing. Securities backed by mortgage receivables are called mortgage-backed securities (MBS), while those backed by other types of receivables are asset-backed securities (ABS).
Critics have suggested that the complexity inherent in securitization can limit investors' ability to monitor risk, and that competitive securitization markets with multiple securitizers may be particularly prone to sharp declines in underwriting standards. Private, competitive mortgage securitization played an important role in the U.S. subprime mortgage crisis.[1]
In addition, off-balance sheet treatment for securitizations coupled with guarantees from the issuer can hide the extent of leverage of the securitizing firm, thereby facilitating risky capital structures and leading to an under-pricing of credit risk. Off-balance sheet securitizations also played a large role in the high leverage level of U.S. financial institutions before the financial crisis, and the need for bailouts.[2]
The granularity of pools of securitized assets can mitigate the credit risk of individual borrowers. Unlike general corporate debt, the credit quality of securitized debt is non-stationary due to changes in volatility that are time- and structure-dependent. If the transaction is properly structured and the pool performs as expected, the credit risk of all tranches of structured debt improves; if improperly structured, the affected tranches may experience dramatic credit deterioration and loss.[3]
Securitization has evolved from its beginnings in the late 18th century to an estimated outstanding of $10.24 trillion in the United States and $2.25 trillion in Europe as of the 2nd quarter of 2008. In 2007, ABS issuance amounted to $3.455 trillion in the US and $652 billion in Europe.[4] WBS (Whole Business Securitization) arrangements first appeared in the United Kingdom in the 1990s, and became common in various Commonwealth legal systems where senior creditors of an insolvent business effectively gain the right to control the company.[5] There are main players in securitization, they include investors, securiters and corporates.



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 Pooling and transfer
1.2 Issuance
1.3 Credit enhancement and tranching
1.4 Servicing
1.5 Repayment structures
1.6 Structural risks and misincentives


2 Special types of securitization

2.1 Master trust
2.2 Issuance trust
2.3 Grantor trust
2.4 Owner trust


3 Motives for securitization

3.1 Advantages to issuer
3.2 Disadvantages to issuer
3.3 Advantages to investors
3.4 Risks to investors


4 History

4.1 Early developments
4.2 Recent lawsuits


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



Structure[edit]
Pooling and transfer[edit]
The originator initially owns the assets engaged in the deal. This is typically a company looking to either raise capital, restructure debt or otherwise adjust its finances (but also includes businesses established specifically to generate marketable debt (consumer or otherwise) for the purpose of subsequent securitization). Under traditional corporate finance concepts, such a company would have three options to raise new capital: a loan, bond issue, or issuance of stock. However, stock offerings dilute the ownership and control of the company, while loan or bond financing is often prohibitively expensive due to the credit rating of the company and the associated rise in interest rates.
The consistently revenue-generating part of the company may have a much higher credit rating than the company as a whole. For instance, a leasing company may have provided $10m nominal value of leases, and it will receive a cash flow over the next five years from these. It cannot demand early repayment on the leases and so cannot get its money back early if required. If it could sell the rights to the cash flows from the leases to someone else, it could transform that income stream into a lump sum today (in effect, receiving today the present value of a future cash flow). Where the originator is a bank or other organization that must meet capital adequacy requirements, the structure is usually more complex because a separate company is set up to buy the assets.
A suitably large portfolio of assets is "pooled" and transferred to a "special purpose vehicle" or "SPV" (the issuer), a tax-exempt company or trust formed for the specific purpose of funding the assets. Once the assets are transferred to the issuer, there is normally no recourse to the originator. The issuer is "bankruptcy remote", meaning that if the originator goes into bankruptcy, the assets of the issuer will not be distributed to the creditors of the originator. In order to achieve this, the governing documents of the issuer restrict its activities to only those necessary to complete the issuance of securities. Many issuers are typically "orphaned". In the case of certain assets, such as credit card debt, where the portfolio is made up of a constantly changing pool of receivables, a trust in favor of the SPV may be declared in place of traditional transfer by assignment (see the outline of the master trust structure below).
Accounting standards govern when such a transfer is a true sale, a financing, a partial sale, or a part-sale and part-financing.[6] In a true sale, the originator is allowed to remove the transferred assets from its balance sheet: in a financing, the assets are considered to remain the property of the originator.[7] Under US accounting standards, the originator achieves a sale by being at arm's length from the issuer, in which case the issuer is classified as a "qualifying special purpose entity" or "qSPE".
Because of these structural issues, the originator typically needs the help of an investment bank (the arranger) in setting up the structure of the transaction.
Issuance[edit]
To be able to buy the assets from the originator, the issuer SPV issues tradable securities to fund the purchase. Investors purchase the securities, either through a private offering (targeting institutional investors) or on the open market. The performance of the securities is then directly linked to the performance of the assets. Credit rating agencies rate the securities which are issued to provide an external perspective on the liabilities being created and help the investor make a more informed decision.
In transactions with static assets, a depositor will assemble the underlying collateral, help structure the securities and work with the financial markets to sell the securities to investors. The depositor has taken on added significance under Regulation AB. The depositor typically owns 100% of the beneficial interest in the issuing entity and is usually the parent or a wholly owned subsidiary of the parent which initiates the transaction. In transactions with managed (traded) assets, asset managers assemble the underlying collateral, help structure the securities and work with the financial markets in order to sell the securities to investors.
Some deals may include a third-party guarantor which provides guarantees or partial guarantees for the assets, the principal and the interest payments, for a fee.
The securities can be issued with either a fixed interest rate or a floating rate under currency pegging system. Fixed rate ABS set the “coupon” (rate) at the time of issuance, in a fashion similar to corporate bonds and T-Bills. Floating rate securities may be backed by both amortizing and non-amortizing assets in the floating market. In contrast to fixed rate securities, the rates on “floaters” will periodically adjust up or down according to a designated index such as a U.S. Treasury rate, or, more typically, the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). The floating rate usually reflects the movement in the index plus an additional fixed margin to cover the added risk.[8]
Credit enhancement and tranching[edit]
Unlike conventional corporate bonds which are unsecured, securities created in a securitization are "credit enhanced", meaning their credit quality is increased above that of the originator's unsecured debt or underlying asset pool. This increases the likelihood that the investors will receive the cash flows to which they are entitled, and thus enables the securities to have a higher credit rating than the originator. Some securitizations use external credit enhancement provided by third parties, such as surety bonds and parental guarantees (although this may introduce a conflict of interest).
The issued securities are often split into tranches, or categorized into varying degrees of subordination. Each tranche has a different level of credit protection or risk exposure: there is generally a senior ("A") class of securities and one or more junior subordinated ("B", "C", etc.) classes that function as protective layers for the "A" class. The senior classes have first claim on the cash that the SPV receives, and the more junior classes only start receiving repayment after the more senior classes have been repaid. Because of the cascading effect between classes, this arrangement is often referred to as a cash flow waterfall.[9] If the underlying asset pool becomes insufficient to make payments on the securities (e.g. when loans default within a portfolio of loan claims), the loss is absorbed first by the subordinated tranches, and the upper-level tranches remain unaffected until the losses exceed the entire amount of the subordinated tranches. The senior securities might be AAA or AA rated, signifying a lower risk, while the lower-credit quality subordinated classes receive a lower credit rating, signifying a higher risk.[8]
The most junior class (often called the equity class) is the most exposed to payment risk. In some cases, this is a special type of instrument which is retained by the originator as a potential profit flow. In some cases the equity class receives no coupon (either fixed or floating), but only the residual cash flow (if any) after all the other classes have been paid.
There may also be a special class which absorbs early repayments in the underlying assets. This is often the case where the underlying assets are mortgages which, in essence, are repaid whenever the properties are sold. Since any early repayments are passed on to this class, it means the other investors have a more predictable cash flow.
If the underlying assets are mortgages or loans, there are usually two separate "waterfalls" because the principal and interest receipts can be easily allocated and matched. But if the assets are income-based transactions such as rental deals one cannot categorise the revenue so easily between income and principal repayment. In this case all the revenue is used to pay the cash flows due on the bonds as those cash flows become due.
Credit enhancements affect credit risk by providing more or less protection for promised cash flows for a security. Additional protection can help a security achieve a higher rating, lower protection can help create new securities with differently desired risks, and these differential protections can make the securities more attractive.
In addition to subordination, credit may be enhanced through:[7]

A reserve or spread account, in which funds remaining after expenses such as principal and interest payments, charge-offs and other fees have been paid-off are accumulated, and can be used when SPE expenses are greater than its income.
Third-party insurance, or guarantees of principal and interest payments on the securities.
Over-collateralisation, usually by using finance income to pay off principal on some securities before principal on the corresponding share of collateral is collected.
Cash funding or a cash collateral account, generally consisting of short-term, highly rated investments purchased either from the seller's own funds, or from funds borrowed from third parties that can be used to make up shortfalls in promised cash flows.
A third-party letter of credit or corporate guarantee.
A back-up servicer for the loans.
Discounted receivables for the pool.

Servicing[edit]
A servicer collects payments and monitors the assets that are the crux of the structured financial deal. The servicer can often be the originator, because the servicer needs very similar expertise to the originator and would want to ensure that loan repayments are paid to the Special Purpose Vehicle.
The servicer can significantly affect the cash flows to the investors because it controls the collection policy, which influences the proceeds collected, the charge-offs and the recoveries on the loans. Any income remaining after payments and expenses is usually accumulated to some extent in a reserve or spread account, and any further excess is returned to the seller. Bond rating agencies publish ratings of asset-backed securities based on the performance of the collateral pool, the credit enhancements and the probability of default.[7]
When the issuer is structured as a trust, the trustee is a vital part of the deal as the gate-keeper of the assets that are being held in the issuer. Even though the trustee is part of the SPV, which is typically wholly owned by the Originator, the trustee has a fiduciary duty to protect the assets and those who own the assets, typically the investors.
Repayment structures[edit]
Unlike corporate bonds, most securitizations are amortized, meaning that the principal amount borrowed is paid back gradually over the specified term of the loan, rather than in one lump sum at the maturity of the loan. Fully amortizing securitizations are generally collateralised by fully amortizing assets, such as home equity loans, auto loans, and student loans. Prepayment uncertainty is an important concern with fully amortizing ABS. The possible rate of prepayment varies widely with the type of underlying asset pool, so many prepayment models have been developed to try to define common prepayment activity. The PSA prepayment model is a well-known example.[8][10]
A controlled amortization structure can give investors a more predictable repayment schedule, even though the underlying assets may be nonamortising. After a predetermined "revolving period", during which only interest payments are made, these securitizations attempt to return principal to investors in a series of defined periodic payments, usually within a year. An early amortization event is the risk of the debt being retired early.[8]
On the other hand, bullet or slug structures return the principal to investors in a single payment. The most common bullet structure is called the soft bullet, meaning that the final bullet payment is not guaranteed to be paid on the scheduled maturity date; however, the majority of these securitizations are paid on time. The second type of bullet structure is the hard bullet, which guarantees that the principal will be paid on the scheduled maturity date. Hard bullet structures are less common for two reasons: investors are comfortable with soft bullet structures, and they are reluctant to accept the lower yields of hard bullet securities in exchange for a guarantee.[8]
Securitizations are often structured as a sequential pay bond, paid off in a sequential manner based on maturity. This means that the first tranche, which may have a one-year average life, will receive all principal payments until it is retired; then the second tranche begins to receive principal, and so forth.[8] Pro rata bond structures pay each tranche a proportionate share of principal throughout the life of the security.[8]
Structural risks and misincentives[edit]
Some originators (e.g. of mortgages) have prioritised loan volume over credit quality, disregarding the long-term risk of the assets they have created in their enthusiasm to profit from the fees associated with origination and securitization. Other originators, aware of the reputational harm and added expense if risky loans are subject to repurchase requests or improperly originated loans lead to litigation, have paid more attention to credit quality.[citation needed]
Special types of securitization[edit]
Master trust[edit]
A master trust is a type of SPV particularly suited to handle revolving credit card balances, and has the flexibility to handle different securities at different times. In a typical master trust transaction, an originator of credit card receivables transfers a pool of those receivables to the trust and then the trust issues securities backed by these receivables. Often there will be many tranched securities issued by the trust all based on one set of receivables. After this transaction, typically the originator would continue to service the receivables, in this case the credit cards.
There are various risks involved with master trusts specifically. One risk is that timing of cash flows promised to investors might be different from timing of payments on the receivables. For example, credit card-backed securities can have maturities of up to 10 years, but credit card-backed receivables usually pay off much more quickly. To solve this issue these securities typically have a revolving period, an accumulation period, and an amortization period. All three of these periods are based on historical experience of the receivables. During the revolving period, principal payments received on the credit card balances are used to purchase additional receivables. During the accumulation period, these payments are accumulated in a separate account. During the amortization period, new payments are passed through to the investors.
A second risk is that the total investor interests and the seller's interest are limited to receivables generated by the credit cards, but the seller (originator) owns the accounts. This can cause issues with how the seller controls the terms and conditions of the accounts. Typically to solve this, there is language written into the securitization to protect the investors and potential receivables.
A third risk is that payments on the receivables can shrink the pool balance and under-collateralize total investor interest. To prevent this, often there is a required minimum seller's interest, and if there was a decrease then an early amortization event would occur.[7]
Issuance trust[edit]
In 2000, Citibank introduced a new structure for credit card-backed securities, called an issuance trust, which does not have limitations that master trusts sometimes do, that requires each issued series of securities to have both a senior and subordinate tranche. There are other benefits to an issuance trust: they provide more flexibility in issuing senior/subordinate securities, can increase demand because pension funds are eligible to invest in investment-grade securities issued by them, and they can significantly reduce the cost of issuing securities. Because of these issues, issuance trusts are now the dominant structure used by major issuers of credit card-backed securities.[7]
Grantor trust[edit]
Grantor trusts are typically used in automobile-backed securities and REMICs (Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits). Grantor trusts are very similar to pass-through trusts used in the earlier days of securitization. An originator pools together loans and sells them to a grantor trust, which issues classes of securities backed by these loans. Principal and interest received on the loans, after expenses are taken into account, are passed through to the holders of the securities on a pro-rata basis.[11]
Owner trust[edit]
In an owner trust, there is more flexibility in allocating principal and interest received to different classes of issued securities. In an owner trust, both interest and principal due to subordinate securities can be used to pay senior securities. Due to this, owner trusts can tailor maturity, risk and return profiles of issued securities to investor needs. Usually, any income remaining after expenses is kept in a reserve account up to a specified level and then after that, all income is returned to the seller. Owner trusts allow credit risk to be mitigated by over-collateralization by using excess reserves and excess finance income to prepay securities before principal, which leaves more collateral for the other classes.
Motives for securitization[edit]
Advantages to issuer[edit]
Reduces funding costs: Through securitization, a company rated BB but with AAA worthy cash flow would be able to borrow at possibly AAA rates. This is the number one reason to securitize a cash flow and can have tremendous impacts on borrowing costs. The difference between BB debt and AAA debt can be multiple hundreds of basis points. For example, Moody's downgraded Ford Motor Credit's rating in January 2002, but senior automobile backed securities, issued by Ford Motor Credit in January 2002 and April 2002, continue to be rated AAA because of the strength of the underlying collateral and other credit enhancements.[7]
Reduces asset-liability mismatch: "Depending on the structure chosen, securitization can offer perfect matched funding by eliminating funding exposure in terms of both duration and pricing basis."[12] Essentially, in most banks and finance companies, the liability book or the funding is from borrowings. This often comes at a high cost. Securitization allows such banks and finance companies to create a self-funded asset book.
Lower capital requirements: Some firms, due to legal, regulatory, or other reasons, have a limit or range that their leverage is allowed to be. By securitizing some of their assets, which qualifies as a sale for accounting purposes, these firms will be able to remove assets from their balance sheets while maintaining the "earning power" of the assets.[11]
Locking in profits: For a given block of business, the total profits have not yet emerged and thus remain uncertain. Once the block has been securitized, the level of profits has now been locked in for that company, thus the risk of profit not emerging, or the benefit of super-profits, has now been passed on.
Transfer risks (credit, liquidity, prepayment, reinvestment, asset concentration): Securitization makes it possible to transfer risks from an entity that does not want to bear it, to one that does. Two good examples of this are catastrophe bonds and Entertainment Securitizations. Similarly, by securitizing a block of business (thereby locking in a degree of profits), the company has effectively freed up its balance to go out and write more profitable business.
Off balance sheet: Derivative (finance) of many types have in the past been referred to as "off-balance-sheet." This term implies that the use of derivatives has no balance sheet impact. While there are differences among the various accounting standards internationally, there is a general trend towards the requirement to record derivatives at fair value on the balance sheet. There is also a generally accepted principle that, where derivatives are being used as a hedge against underlying assets or liabilities, accounting adjustments are required to ensure that the gain/loss on the hedged instrument is recognized in the income statement on a similar basis as the underlying assets and liabilities. Certain credit derivatives products, particularly Credit Default Swaps, now have more or less universally accepted market standard documentation. In the case of Credit Default Swaps, this documentation has been formulated by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) who have for a long time provided documentation on how to treat such derivatives on balance sheets.
Earnings: Securitization makes it possible to record an earnings bounce without any real addition to the firm. When a securitization takes place, there often is a "true sale" that takes place between the Originator (the parent company) and the SPE. This sale has to be for the market value of the underlying assets for the "true sale" to stick and thus this sale is reflected on the parent company's balance sheet, which will boost earnings for that quarter by the amount of the sale. While not illegal in any respect, this does distort the true earnings of the parent company.
Admissibility: Future cashflows may not get full credit in a company's accounts (life insurance companies, for example, may not always get full credit for future surpluses in their regulatory balance sheet), and a securitization effectively turns an admissible future surplus flow into an admissible immediate cash asset.
Liquidity: Future cashflows may simply be balance sheet items which currently are not available for spending, whereas once the book has been securitized, the cash would be available for immediate spending or investment. This also creates a reinvestment book which may well be at better rates.
Disadvantages to issuer[edit]
May reduce portfolio quality: If the AAA risks, for example, are being securitized out, this would leave a materially worse quality of residual risk.
Costs: Securitizations are expensive due to management and system costs, legal fees, underwriting fees, rating fees and ongoing administration. An allowance for unforeseen costs is usually essential in securitizations, especially if it is an atypical securitization.
Size limitations: Securitizations often require large scale structuring, and thus may not be cost-efficient for small and medium transactions.
Risks: Since securitization is a structured transaction, it may include par structures as well as credit enhancements that are subject to risks of impairment, such as prepayment, as well as credit loss, especially for structures where there are some retained strips.
Advantages to investors[edit]
Opportunity to potentially earn a higher rate of return (on a risk-adjusted basis)
Opportunity to invest in a specific pool of high quality assets: Due to the stringent requirements for corporations (for example) to attain high ratings, there is a dearth of highly rated entities that exist. Securitizations, however, allow for the creation of large quantities of AAA, AA or A rated bonds, and risk averse institutional investors, or investors that are required to invest in only highly rated assets, have access to a larger pool of investment options.
Portfolio diversification: Depending on the securitization, hedge funds as well as other institutional investors tend to like investing in bonds created through securitizations because they may be uncorrelated to their other bonds and securities.
Isolation of credit risk from the parent entity: Since the assets that are securitized are isolated (at least in theory) from the assets of the originating entity, under securitization it may be possible for the securitization to receive a higher credit rating than the "parent," because the underlying risks are different. For example, a small bank may be considered more risky than the mortgage loans it makes to its customers; were the mortgage loans to remain with the bank, the borrowers may effectively be paying higher interest (or, just as likely, the bank would be paying higher interest to its creditors, and hence less profitable).
Risks to investors[edit]
Liquidity risk
Credit/default: Default risk is generally accepted as a borrower’s inability to meet interest payment obligations on time.[13] For ABS, default may occur when maintenance obligations on the underlying collateral are not sufficiently met as detailed in its prospectus. A key indicator of a particular security’s default risk is its credit rating. Different tranches within the ABS are rated differently, with senior classes of most issues receiving the highest rating, and subordinated classes receiving correspondingly lower credit ratings.[8] Almost all mortgages, including reverse mortgages, and student loans, are now insured by the government, meaning that taxpayers are on the hook for any of these loans that go bad even if the asset is massively over-inflated. In other words, there are no limits or curbs on over-spending, or the liabilities to taxpayers.
However, the credit crisis of 2007–2008 has exposed a potential flaw in the securitization process – loan originators retain no residual risk for the loans they make, but collect substantial fees on loan issuance and securitization, which doesn't encourage improvement of underwriting standards.
Event risk
Prepayment/reinvestment/early amortization: The majority of revolving ABS are subject to some degree of early amortization risk. The risk stems from specific early amortization events or payout events that cause the security to be paid off prematurely. Typically, payout events include insufficient payments from the underlying borrowers, insufficient excess spread, a rise in the default rate on the underlying loans above a specified level, a decrease in credit enhancements below a specific level, and bankruptcy on the part of the sponsor or servicer.[8]
Currency interest rate fluctuations: Like all fixed income securities, the prices of fixed rate ABS move in response to changes in interest rates. Fluctuations in interest rates affect floating rate ABS prices less than fixed rate securities, as the index against which the ABS rate adjusts will reflect interest rate changes in the economy. Furthermore, interest rate changes may affect the prepayment rates on underlying loans that back some types of ABS, which can affect yields. Home equity loans tend to be the most sensitive to changes in interest rates, while auto loans, student loans, and credit cards are generally less sensitive to interest rates.[8]
Contractual agreements
Moral hazard: Investors usually rely on the deal manager to price the securitizations’ underlying assets. If the manager earns fees based on performance, there may be a temptation to mark up the prices of the portfolio assets. Conflicts of interest can also arise with senior note holders when the manager has a claim on the deal's excess spread.[14]
Servicer risk: The transfer or collection of payments may be delayed or reduced if the servicer becomes insolvent. This risk is mitigated by having a backup servicer involved in the transaction.[8]
History[edit]
Early developments[edit]
See also: Economic history of the Dutch Republic and Financial history of the Dutch Republic
Modern practice of securitization has its roots in the 17th-century Dutch Republic.[15][16]
Examples of securitization can be found at least as far back as the 18th century.[17] Among the early examples of mortgage-backed securities in the United States were the farm railroad mortgage bonds of the mid-19th century which contributed to the panic of 1857.[18]
In February 1970, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development created the first modern residential mortgage-backed security. The Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA or Ginnie Mae) sold securities backed by a portfolio of mortgage loans.[19]
To facilitate the securitization of non-mortgage assets, businesses substituted private credit enhancements. First, they over-collateralised pools of assets; shortly thereafter, they improved third-party and structural enhancements. In 1985, securitization techniques that had been developed in the mortgage market were applied for the first time to a class of non-mortgage assets — automobile loans. A pool of assets second only to mortgages in volume, auto loans were a good match for structured finance; their maturities, considerably shorter than those of mortgages, made the timing of cash flows more predictable, and their long statistical histories of performance gave investors confidence.[20]
This early auto loan deal was a $60 million securitization originated by Marine Midland Bank and securitised in 1985 by the Certificate for Automobile Receivables Trust (CARS, 1985-1).[21]
The first significant bank credit card sale came to market in 1986 with a private placement of $50 million of outstanding bank card loans. This transaction demonstrated to investors that, if the yields were high enough, loan pools could support asset sales with higher expected losses and administrative costs than was true within the mortgage market. Sales of this type — with no contractual obligation by the seller to provide recourse — allowed banks to receive sales treatment for accounting and regulatory purposes (easing balance sheet and capital constraints), while at the same time allowing them to retain origination and servicing fees. After the success of this initial transaction, investors grew to accept credit card receivables as collateral, and banks developed structures to normalize the cash flows.[20]
Starting in the 1990s with some earlier private transactions, securitization technology was applied to a number of sectors of the reinsurance and insurance markets including life and catastrophe. This activity grew to nearly $15bn of issuance in 2006 following the disruptions in the underlying markets caused by Hurricane Katrina and Regulation XXX. Key areas of activity in the broad area of Alternative Risk Transfer include catastrophe bonds, Life Insurance Securitization and Reinsurance Sidecars.
The first public Securitization of Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) loans started in 1997. CRA loans are loans targeted to low and moderate income borrowers and neighborhoods.[22]
As estimated by the Bond Market Association, in the United States, the total amount outstanding[clarification needed] at the end of 2004 was $1.8 trillion. This amount was about 8 percent of total outstanding bond market debt ($23.6 trillion), about 33 percent of mortgage-related debt ($5.5 trillion), and about 39 percent of corporate debt ($4.7 trillion) in the United States. In nominal terms, over the previous ten years (1995–2004) ABS[clarification needed] amount outstanding had grown about 19 percent annually, with mortgage-related debt and corporate debt each growing at about 9 percent. Gross public issuance of asset-backed securities was strong, setting new records in many years. In 2004, issuance was at an all-time record of about $0.9 trillion.[23]
At the end of 2004, the larger sectors of this market were credit card-backed securities (21 percent), home-equity backed securities (25 percent), automobile-backed securities (13 percent), and collateralized debt obligations (15 percent). Among the other market segments were student loan-backed securities (6 percent), equipment leases (4 percent), manufactured housing (2 percent), small business loans (such as loans to convenience stores and gas stations), and aircraft leases.[23]
Modern securitization took off in the late 1990s or early 2000s, thanks to the innovative structures implemented across the asset classes, such as UK Mortgage Master Trusts (concept imported from the US Credit Cards), Insurance-backed transaction (such as those implemented by the insurance securitization guru Emmanuel Issanchou) or even more esoteric asset classes (for example securitization of lottery receivables).
As the result of the credit crunch precipitated by the subprime mortgage crisis the US market for bonds backed by securitised loans was very weak in 2008 except for bonds guaranteed by a federally backed agency. As a result, interest rates rose for loans that were previously securitised such as home mortgages, student loans, auto loans and commercial mortgages[24]
Recently, securitization has been proposed and used to accelerate development of solar photovoltaic projects.[25][26] For example, SolarCity offered the first U.S. asset-backed security in the solar industry in 2013.[27]
Recent lawsuits[edit]
Recently there have been several lawsuits attributable to the rating of securitizations by the three leading rating agencies. In July, 2009, the USA’s largest public pension fund has filed suit in California state court in connection with $1 billion in losses that it says were caused by “wildly inaccurate” credit ratings from the three leading ratings agencies.[28]
See also[edit]

Collateralized debt obligation, securitization vehicle for corporate debt securities
Collateralized fund obligation, securitization vehicle for private equity and hedge fund assets
Collateralized mortgage obligation, securitization vehicle for mortgage-backed securities
Collateralized loan obligation, securitization vehicle for corporate loans

References[edit]


^ Michael Simkovic, Competition and Crisis in Mortgage Securitization
^ Michael Simkovic, Secret Liens and the Financial Crisis of 2008, American Bankruptcy Law Journal, Vol. 83, p. 253, 2009
^ Raynes, Sylvain and Ann Rutledge, The Analysis of Structured Securities, Oxford U Press, 2003, p. 103. ISBN 978-0-19-515273-9
^ "ESF Securitization Data Report Q2:business
^ Claire A. Hill, Whole Business Securitization in Emerging Markets, Duke Journal of Comparative and International Law 12:2 (2002).
^ Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Statement No. 140 "Accounting for transfers and servicing of financial assets and extinguishments of liabilities—a replacement of FASB Statement No. 125" September 2000
^ a b c d e f T Sabarwal "Common Structures of Asset Backed Securities and Their Risks, December 29, 2005
^ a b c d e f g h i j k Fixed Income Sectors: Asset-Backed Securities – A primer on asset-backed securities, Dwight Asset Management Company (2005).
^ Kim, M. ; Hessami, A. ; Sombolestani, E. (2010, March 24) CVEN 640 - Cash Flow Waterfall [Video file]. URL: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dw_z56HmLYs
^ The Committee on the Global Financial System defined Structured Finance, "The role of ratings in structured finance: issues and implications", January 2005
^ a b Reis-Roy, Calvin (1998). "Rating Securitisation Structures". Journal of International Banking Law. 13 (9): 298–304. 
^ "The Handbook of Asset-Backed Securities", Jess Lederman, 1990.
^ Reis-Roy, Calvin (2003). An Analysis of the Law and Practice of Securitisation. 
^ Tavakoli, Janet. "CDOs: Caveat Emptor" GARP Risk Review (Journal of the Global Association of Risk Professionals), September/October 2005 Issue 26.
^ Goetzmann, William N.; Rouwenhorst, K. Geert (2008). The History of Financial Innovation, in Carbon Finance, Environmental Market Solutions to Climate Change. (Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies, chapter 1, pp. 18–43). As Goetzmann & Rouwenhorst (2008) noted, "The 17th and 18th centuries in the Netherlands were a remarkable time for finance. Many of the financial products or instruments that we see today emerged during a relatively short period. In particular, merchants and bankers developed what we would today call securitization. Mutual funds and various other forms of structured finance that still exist today emerged in the 17th and 18th centuries in Holland."
^ Markham, Jerry W.: A Financial History of the United States from Enron-Era Scandals to the Great Recession (2004–2009). (Routledge, 1st edition, 2011, ISBN 0765624311), p. 355. "An early example of securitization was found in Amsterdam in the seventeenth century."
^ "Dutch Securities for American Land Speculation in the Late-Eighteenth Century", Rik Frehen, K. Geert Rouwenhorst, and William N. Goetzmann, 2012.
^ "Déjà Vu All Over Again: Agency, Uncertainty, Leverage and the Panic of 1857", Timothy J. Riddiough and Howard E. Thompson, 2012.
^ "Asset-Backed securities in Germany: the sale and Securitization of loans by German credit institutions", Deutsche Bundesbank Monthly Report July, 1997.
^ a b "Asset Securitization Comptroller's Handbook", Comptroller of the Currency Administrator of National Banks, 1997.
^ "Hearing before the U.S. House subcommittee on Policy Research and Insurance in "Asset Securitization and Secondary Markets" (July 31, 1991), page 13
^ Wachovia Press Releases
^ a b "Common Structures of Asset-Backed Securities and Their Risks", Tarun Sabarwal, December 29, 2005
^ "Mechanism for Credit Is Still Stuck" article by Vikas Bajaj in The New York Times August 12, 2008
^ Alafita, T.; Pearce, J.M. "Securitization of residential solar photovoltaic assets: Costs, risks and uncertainty". Energy Policy. 67: 488–498. doi:10.1016/j.enpol.2013.12.045. 
^ Lowder, T., & Mendelsohn, M. (2013). "The Potential of Securitization in Solar PV Finance". National Renewable Energy Laboratory. December 2013.
^ "Done Deal: The First Securitization Of Rooftop Solar Assets" Forbes - URL: http://www.forbes.com/sites/uciliawang/2013/11/21/done-deal-the-first-securitization-of-rooftop-solar-assets/
^ Leslie Wayne (July 15, 2009). "Caper Sues over Ratings of Securities". New York Times. 


External links[edit]

The Rocket Scientists of Finance BBC Programme: The City Uncovered







v
t
e


Structured finance



Securitization



Securitization transaction
Credit enhancement
Tranche





Types of Securities



Asset-backed security (ABS)
Mortgage-backed security (MBS)
Credit derivative
Credit default swap (CDS)
Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO)
Collateralized bond obligation (CBO)
Collateralized loan obligation (CLO)
Collateralized fund obligation (CFO)
Senior stretch loan
Structured product












v
t
e


Hedge funds



Investment
strategy





Arbitrage /
Relative value




Capital structure arbitrage
Convertible arbitrage
Equity market neutral
Fixed income arbitrage / Fixed-income relative-value investing
Statistical arbitrage
Volatility arbitrage






Event-driven




Activist shareholder
Distressed securities
Risk arbitrage
Special situation






Directional




Convergence trade
Commodity trading advisors / Managed futures account
Dedicated short
Global macro
Long/short equity
Trend following






Other




Fund of hedge funds / Multi-manager











Trading



Algorithmic trading
Day trading
High-frequency trading
Prime brokerage
Program trading
Proprietary trading





Related
terms





Markets




Commodities
Derivatives
Equity
Fixed income
Foreign exchange
Money markets
Structured securities






Misc




Arbitrage pricing theory
Assets under management
Black–Scholes model (Greeks (finance): Delta neutral)
Capital asset pricing model (Alpha / Beta / Security characteristic line)
Fundamental analysis
Hedge
Securitization
Short
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Technical analysis








Investors



Vulture funds
Family offices
Financial endowments
Fund of hedge funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investors
Insurance companies
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Pension funds
Sovereign wealth funds





Regulatory



Fund governance
Hedge Fund Standards Board








Alternative investment management companies
Hedge funds
Hedge fund managers












v
t
e


Financial risk and financial risk management



Categories




Credit risk



Concentration risk
Consumer credit risk
Credit derivative
Securitization





Market risk



Commodity risk (e.g. Volume risk, Basis risk, Shape risk, Holding period risk, Price area risk)
Equity risk
FX risk
Margining risk
Interest rate risk
Volatility risk
Liquidity risk (e.g. Refinancing risk)





Operational risk



Operational risk management
Legal risk
Political risk
Reputational risk
Valuation risk





Other



Profit risk
Settlement risk
Systemic risk








Modeling



Market portfolio
Modern portfolio theory
RAROC
Risk-free rate
Risk parity
Sharpe ratio
Value-at-Risk (VaR) and extensions Profit at risk, Margin at risk, Liquidity at risk





Basic concepts



Diversification
Expected return
Hazard
Hedge
Risk
Risk pool
Systematic risk








Financial economics
Investment management
Mathematical finance












v
t
e


Economic history of the Netherlands



General



Economy of the Netherlands from 1500–1700
Economic history of the Dutch Republic
Economic history of the Netherlands (1500–1815)
Financial history of the Dutch Republic
Dutch guilder
Amsterdam Entrepôt
Tulipmania (tulip mania, tulipomania)
Dutch Financial Revolution
Dutch economic miracle (ca. 1590s–1600s)
Whaling in the Netherlands
Diamond industry in the Dutch Republic
Sugar industry in the Dutch Republic
Shipbuilding industry in the Dutch Republic
(Ship designs of the Dutch Republic)
Shipping industry of the Dutch Republic
Pulp and paper industry in the Dutch Republic
History of the chocolate industry (Dutch process chocolate, cocoa powder)
Polder model
Dutch disease





Key institutions




Pre-1815



Amsterdam Stock Exchange (Beurs van Hendrick de Keyser)
Bank of Amsterdam (Amsterdamsche Wisselbank)
Brabantsche Compagnie
Compagnie van Verre
Dutch East India Company (VOC)
Dutch West India Company (WIC/GWIC)
New Netherland Company
Noordsche Compagnie





Post-1815



De Nederlandsche Bank
Stichting Max Havelaar








Notable business and
financial innovators



Louis De Geer
Gerard Adriaan Heineken
Isaac Le Maire
Johan Palmstruch
Anton Philips
Gerard Philips
Nico Roozen
Coenraad Johannes van Houten
Frans van der Hoff
A. van Ketwich





Pioneering innovations in
business and financial history



Bear raid
Central banking
Collective investment schemes (investment funds)
Common stock
Corporate bond
Corporate finance
Corporate governance
Corporate social responsibility
Dividend (dividend policy)
Dutch auction
Fairtrade certification (fairtrade labelling, fair trade labelling initiative,
fair trade certification initiative)
Formal capital markets
Futures contract (formal futures markets)
Government debt (public debt, national debt)
Initial public offering (IPO)
Investment banking
Joint-stock company with a fixed capital stock
Listed company
Mega-corporation (megacorporation)
Mutual fund
Open art market
Outward foreign direct investment (FDI)
Public company (publicly traded company)
Secondary markets
Securities markets
Securitization
Share (finance)
Shareholder activism (activist shareholder)
Shareholder advocacy
Shareholder revolt (shareholder rebellion)
Stock certificate
Short selling (naked short selling)
Stock exchange
Stock market (equity market)
Stockbroker
Stock trader
Stock trading
Technical analysis
Tontine
Transnational corporation





Influenced



Economic globalization (corporate globalization)
History of capitalism
Early European industrialization (mechanization in shipbuilding
and paper industries during the Dutch Golden Age) 1
Economic history of the United Kingdom 2
Economic history of Sweden 3
Economic history of South Africa 4
Economic history of Indonesia
Economic history of India
Economic history of Sri Lanka
Economic history of Japan
Economic history of Taiwan
Economic history of Thailand
Economic history of Malaysia
Economic history of Vietnam
Economic history of Mauritius
Economic history of Brazil
Economic history of the United States





Related



Financial markets
Financial capitalism
Financial revolution
International financial centres (global financial centres)
Economic growth
Economic boom
Economic miracle
Economic bubble (financial bubble, speculative bubble)
Stock market crash
Deindustrialization





Notable scholars 5



Violet Barbour
Fernand Braudel
Pieter de la Court
Joseph de la Vega
Jan de Vries
Warwick Funnell
William N. Goetzmann
Jonathan Israel
Bernard Mandeville
Deirdre McCloskey
Jeffrey Robertson
K. Geert Rouwenhorst
Jacob Soll
Edward Stringham
Richard Sylla
Peter J. Taylor
James D. Tracy
Immanuel Wallerstein









1 See also: Hollander beater; Wind-powered sawmill.
2 See also: Financial history of the United Kingdom; History of the British national debt; History of British financial markets; Bank of England; Cornelius Vermuyden; Bernard Mandeville.
3 See also: Early industrialization in Sweden; History of European banknotes; Stockholms Banco; Bank of Sweden; Johan Palmstruch; Louis De Geer.
4 See also: History of the South African wine industry.
5 Scholars or historians, of any nationality, whose writings concern the economic history (such as business, financial, and socio-politico-economic history) of the Netherlands.










Authority control



NDL: 01111934










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Securitization&oldid=792733543"					
Categories: Securities (finance)DebtUnited States housing bubbleHidden categories: All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2014Wikipedia articles needing clarification from March 2015 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaБългарскиCatalàDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתМакедонскиNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 09:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Securitization - Wikipedia





















 






Securitization

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For Securitization in International relations, see Securitization (international relations).
Securitization is the financial practice of pooling various types of contractual debt such as residential mortgages, commercial mortgages, auto loans or credit card debt obligations (or other non-debt assets which generate receivables) and selling their related cash flows to third party investors as securities, which may be described as bonds, pass-through securities, or collateralized debt obligations (CDOs). Investors are repaid from the principal and interest cash flows collected from the underlying debt and redistributed through the capital structure of the new financing. Securities backed by mortgage receivables are called mortgage-backed securities (MBS), while those backed by other types of receivables are asset-backed securities (ABS).
Critics have suggested that the complexity inherent in securitization can limit investors' ability to monitor risk, and that competitive securitization markets with multiple securitizers may be particularly prone to sharp declines in underwriting standards. Private, competitive mortgage securitization played an important role in the U.S. subprime mortgage crisis.[1]
In addition, off-balance sheet treatment for securitizations coupled with guarantees from the issuer can hide the extent of leverage of the securitizing firm, thereby facilitating risky capital structures and leading to an under-pricing of credit risk. Off-balance sheet securitizations also played a large role in the high leverage level of U.S. financial institutions before the financial crisis, and the need for bailouts.[2]
The granularity of pools of securitized assets can mitigate the credit risk of individual borrowers. Unlike general corporate debt, the credit quality of securitized debt is non-stationary due to changes in volatility that are time- and structure-dependent. If the transaction is properly structured and the pool performs as expected, the credit risk of all tranches of structured debt improves; if improperly structured, the affected tranches may experience dramatic credit deterioration and loss.[3]
Securitization has evolved from its beginnings in the late 18th century to an estimated outstanding of $10.24 trillion in the United States and $2.25 trillion in Europe as of the 2nd quarter of 2008. In 2007, ABS issuance amounted to $3.455 trillion in the US and $652 billion in Europe.[4] WBS (Whole Business Securitization) arrangements first appeared in the United Kingdom in the 1990s, and became common in various Commonwealth legal systems where senior creditors of an insolvent business effectively gain the right to control the company.[5] There are main players in securitization, they include investors, securiters and corporates.



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 Pooling and transfer
1.2 Issuance
1.3 Credit enhancement and tranching
1.4 Servicing
1.5 Repayment structures
1.6 Structural risks and misincentives


2 Special types of securitization

2.1 Master trust
2.2 Issuance trust
2.3 Grantor trust
2.4 Owner trust


3 Motives for securitization

3.1 Advantages to issuer
3.2 Disadvantages to issuer
3.3 Advantages to investors
3.4 Risks to investors


4 History

4.1 Early developments
4.2 Recent lawsuits


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



Structure[edit]
Pooling and transfer[edit]
The originator initially owns the assets engaged in the deal. This is typically a company looking to either raise capital, restructure debt or otherwise adjust its finances (but also includes businesses established specifically to generate marketable debt (consumer or otherwise) for the purpose of subsequent securitization). Under traditional corporate finance concepts, such a company would have three options to raise new capital: a loan, bond issue, or issuance of stock. However, stock offerings dilute the ownership and control of the company, while loan or bond financing is often prohibitively expensive due to the credit rating of the company and the associated rise in interest rates.
The consistently revenue-generating part of the company may have a much higher credit rating than the company as a whole. For instance, a leasing company may have provided $10m nominal value of leases, and it will receive a cash flow over the next five years from these. It cannot demand early repayment on the leases and so cannot get its money back early if required. If it could sell the rights to the cash flows from the leases to someone else, it could transform that income stream into a lump sum today (in effect, receiving today the present value of a future cash flow). Where the originator is a bank or other organization that must meet capital adequacy requirements, the structure is usually more complex because a separate company is set up to buy the assets.
A suitably large portfolio of assets is "pooled" and transferred to a "special purpose vehicle" or "SPV" (the issuer), a tax-exempt company or trust formed for the specific purpose of funding the assets. Once the assets are transferred to the issuer, there is normally no recourse to the originator. The issuer is "bankruptcy remote", meaning that if the originator goes into bankruptcy, the assets of the issuer will not be distributed to the creditors of the originator. In order to achieve this, the governing documents of the issuer restrict its activities to only those necessary to complete the issuance of securities. Many issuers are typically "orphaned". In the case of certain assets, such as credit card debt, where the portfolio is made up of a constantly changing pool of receivables, a trust in favor of the SPV may be declared in place of traditional transfer by assignment (see the outline of the master trust structure below).
Accounting standards govern when such a transfer is a true sale, a financing, a partial sale, or a part-sale and part-financing.[6] In a true sale, the originator is allowed to remove the transferred assets from its balance sheet: in a financing, the assets are considered to remain the property of the originator.[7] Under US accounting standards, the originator achieves a sale by being at arm's length from the issuer, in which case the issuer is classified as a "qualifying special purpose entity" or "qSPE".
Because of these structural issues, the originator typically needs the help of an investment bank (the arranger) in setting up the structure of the transaction.
Issuance[edit]
To be able to buy the assets from the originator, the issuer SPV issues tradable securities to fund the purchase. Investors purchase the securities, either through a private offering (targeting institutional investors) or on the open market. The performance of the securities is then directly linked to the performance of the assets. Credit rating agencies rate the securities which are issued to provide an external perspective on the liabilities being created and help the investor make a more informed decision.
In transactions with static assets, a depositor will assemble the underlying collateral, help structure the securities and work with the financial markets to sell the securities to investors. The depositor has taken on added significance under Regulation AB. The depositor typically owns 100% of the beneficial interest in the issuing entity and is usually the parent or a wholly owned subsidiary of the parent which initiates the transaction. In transactions with managed (traded) assets, asset managers assemble the underlying collateral, help structure the securities and work with the financial markets in order to sell the securities to investors.
Some deals may include a third-party guarantor which provides guarantees or partial guarantees for the assets, the principal and the interest payments, for a fee.
The securities can be issued with either a fixed interest rate or a floating rate under currency pegging system. Fixed rate ABS set the “coupon” (rate) at the time of issuance, in a fashion similar to corporate bonds and T-Bills. Floating rate securities may be backed by both amortizing and non-amortizing assets in the floating market. In contrast to fixed rate securities, the rates on “floaters” will periodically adjust up or down according to a designated index such as a U.S. Treasury rate, or, more typically, the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). The floating rate usually reflects the movement in the index plus an additional fixed margin to cover the added risk.[8]
Credit enhancement and tranching[edit]
Unlike conventional corporate bonds which are unsecured, securities created in a securitization are "credit enhanced", meaning their credit quality is increased above that of the originator's unsecured debt or underlying asset pool. This increases the likelihood that the investors will receive the cash flows to which they are entitled, and thus enables the securities to have a higher credit rating than the originator. Some securitizations use external credit enhancement provided by third parties, such as surety bonds and parental guarantees (although this may introduce a conflict of interest).
The issued securities are often split into tranches, or categorized into varying degrees of subordination. Each tranche has a different level of credit protection or risk exposure: there is generally a senior ("A") class of securities and one or more junior subordinated ("B", "C", etc.) classes that function as protective layers for the "A" class. The senior classes have first claim on the cash that the SPV receives, and the more junior classes only start receiving repayment after the more senior classes have been repaid. Because of the cascading effect between classes, this arrangement is often referred to as a cash flow waterfall.[9] If the underlying asset pool becomes insufficient to make payments on the securities (e.g. when loans default within a portfolio of loan claims), the loss is absorbed first by the subordinated tranches, and the upper-level tranches remain unaffected until the losses exceed the entire amount of the subordinated tranches. The senior securities might be AAA or AA rated, signifying a lower risk, while the lower-credit quality subordinated classes receive a lower credit rating, signifying a higher risk.[8]
The most junior class (often called the equity class) is the most exposed to payment risk. In some cases, this is a special type of instrument which is retained by the originator as a potential profit flow. In some cases the equity class receives no coupon (either fixed or floating), but only the residual cash flow (if any) after all the other classes have been paid.
There may also be a special class which absorbs early repayments in the underlying assets. This is often the case where the underlying assets are mortgages which, in essence, are repaid whenever the properties are sold. Since any early repayments are passed on to this class, it means the other investors have a more predictable cash flow.
If the underlying assets are mortgages or loans, there are usually two separate "waterfalls" because the principal and interest receipts can be easily allocated and matched. But if the assets are income-based transactions such as rental deals one cannot categorise the revenue so easily between income and principal repayment. In this case all the revenue is used to pay the cash flows due on the bonds as those cash flows become due.
Credit enhancements affect credit risk by providing more or less protection for promised cash flows for a security. Additional protection can help a security achieve a higher rating, lower protection can help create new securities with differently desired risks, and these differential protections can make the securities more attractive.
In addition to subordination, credit may be enhanced through:[7]

A reserve or spread account, in which funds remaining after expenses such as principal and interest payments, charge-offs and other fees have been paid-off are accumulated, and can be used when SPE expenses are greater than its income.
Third-party insurance, or guarantees of principal and interest payments on the securities.
Over-collateralisation, usually by using finance income to pay off principal on some securities before principal on the corresponding share of collateral is collected.
Cash funding or a cash collateral account, generally consisting of short-term, highly rated investments purchased either from the seller's own funds, or from funds borrowed from third parties that can be used to make up shortfalls in promised cash flows.
A third-party letter of credit or corporate guarantee.
A back-up servicer for the loans.
Discounted receivables for the pool.

Servicing[edit]
A servicer collects payments and monitors the assets that are the crux of the structured financial deal. The servicer can often be the originator, because the servicer needs very similar expertise to the originator and would want to ensure that loan repayments are paid to the Special Purpose Vehicle.
The servicer can significantly affect the cash flows to the investors because it controls the collection policy, which influences the proceeds collected, the charge-offs and the recoveries on the loans. Any income remaining after payments and expenses is usually accumulated to some extent in a reserve or spread account, and any further excess is returned to the seller. Bond rating agencies publish ratings of asset-backed securities based on the performance of the collateral pool, the credit enhancements and the probability of default.[7]
When the issuer is structured as a trust, the trustee is a vital part of the deal as the gate-keeper of the assets that are being held in the issuer. Even though the trustee is part of the SPV, which is typically wholly owned by the Originator, the trustee has a fiduciary duty to protect the assets and those who own the assets, typically the investors.
Repayment structures[edit]
Unlike corporate bonds, most securitizations are amortized, meaning that the principal amount borrowed is paid back gradually over the specified term of the loan, rather than in one lump sum at the maturity of the loan. Fully amortizing securitizations are generally collateralised by fully amortizing assets, such as home equity loans, auto loans, and student loans. Prepayment uncertainty is an important concern with fully amortizing ABS. The possible rate of prepayment varies widely with the type of underlying asset pool, so many prepayment models have been developed to try to define common prepayment activity. The PSA prepayment model is a well-known example.[8][10]
A controlled amortization structure can give investors a more predictable repayment schedule, even though the underlying assets may be nonamortising. After a predetermined "revolving period", during which only interest payments are made, these securitizations attempt to return principal to investors in a series of defined periodic payments, usually within a year. An early amortization event is the risk of the debt being retired early.[8]
On the other hand, bullet or slug structures return the principal to investors in a single payment. The most common bullet structure is called the soft bullet, meaning that the final bullet payment is not guaranteed to be paid on the scheduled maturity date; however, the majority of these securitizations are paid on time. The second type of bullet structure is the hard bullet, which guarantees that the principal will be paid on the scheduled maturity date. Hard bullet structures are less common for two reasons: investors are comfortable with soft bullet structures, and they are reluctant to accept the lower yields of hard bullet securities in exchange for a guarantee.[8]
Securitizations are often structured as a sequential pay bond, paid off in a sequential manner based on maturity. This means that the first tranche, which may have a one-year average life, will receive all principal payments until it is retired; then the second tranche begins to receive principal, and so forth.[8] Pro rata bond structures pay each tranche a proportionate share of principal throughout the life of the security.[8]
Structural risks and misincentives[edit]
Some originators (e.g. of mortgages) have prioritised loan volume over credit quality, disregarding the long-term risk of the assets they have created in their enthusiasm to profit from the fees associated with origination and securitization. Other originators, aware of the reputational harm and added expense if risky loans are subject to repurchase requests or improperly originated loans lead to litigation, have paid more attention to credit quality.[citation needed]
Special types of securitization[edit]
Master trust[edit]
A master trust is a type of SPV particularly suited to handle revolving credit card balances, and has the flexibility to handle different securities at different times. In a typical master trust transaction, an originator of credit card receivables transfers a pool of those receivables to the trust and then the trust issues securities backed by these receivables. Often there will be many tranched securities issued by the trust all based on one set of receivables. After this transaction, typically the originator would continue to service the receivables, in this case the credit cards.
There are various risks involved with master trusts specifically. One risk is that timing of cash flows promised to investors might be different from timing of payments on the receivables. For example, credit card-backed securities can have maturities of up to 10 years, but credit card-backed receivables usually pay off much more quickly. To solve this issue these securities typically have a revolving period, an accumulation period, and an amortization period. All three of these periods are based on historical experience of the receivables. During the revolving period, principal payments received on the credit card balances are used to purchase additional receivables. During the accumulation period, these payments are accumulated in a separate account. During the amortization period, new payments are passed through to the investors.
A second risk is that the total investor interests and the seller's interest are limited to receivables generated by the credit cards, but the seller (originator) owns the accounts. This can cause issues with how the seller controls the terms and conditions of the accounts. Typically to solve this, there is language written into the securitization to protect the investors and potential receivables.
A third risk is that payments on the receivables can shrink the pool balance and under-collateralize total investor interest. To prevent this, often there is a required minimum seller's interest, and if there was a decrease then an early amortization event would occur.[7]
Issuance trust[edit]
In 2000, Citibank introduced a new structure for credit card-backed securities, called an issuance trust, which does not have limitations that master trusts sometimes do, that requires each issued series of securities to have both a senior and subordinate tranche. There are other benefits to an issuance trust: they provide more flexibility in issuing senior/subordinate securities, can increase demand because pension funds are eligible to invest in investment-grade securities issued by them, and they can significantly reduce the cost of issuing securities. Because of these issues, issuance trusts are now the dominant structure used by major issuers of credit card-backed securities.[7]
Grantor trust[edit]
Grantor trusts are typically used in automobile-backed securities and REMICs (Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits). Grantor trusts are very similar to pass-through trusts used in the earlier days of securitization. An originator pools together loans and sells them to a grantor trust, which issues classes of securities backed by these loans. Principal and interest received on the loans, after expenses are taken into account, are passed through to the holders of the securities on a pro-rata basis.[11]
Owner trust[edit]
In an owner trust, there is more flexibility in allocating principal and interest received to different classes of issued securities. In an owner trust, both interest and principal due to subordinate securities can be used to pay senior securities. Due to this, owner trusts can tailor maturity, risk and return profiles of issued securities to investor needs. Usually, any income remaining after expenses is kept in a reserve account up to a specified level and then after that, all income is returned to the seller. Owner trusts allow credit risk to be mitigated by over-collateralization by using excess reserves and excess finance income to prepay securities before principal, which leaves more collateral for the other classes.
Motives for securitization[edit]
Advantages to issuer[edit]
Reduces funding costs: Through securitization, a company rated BB but with AAA worthy cash flow would be able to borrow at possibly AAA rates. This is the number one reason to securitize a cash flow and can have tremendous impacts on borrowing costs. The difference between BB debt and AAA debt can be multiple hundreds of basis points. For example, Moody's downgraded Ford Motor Credit's rating in January 2002, but senior automobile backed securities, issued by Ford Motor Credit in January 2002 and April 2002, continue to be rated AAA because of the strength of the underlying collateral and other credit enhancements.[7]
Reduces asset-liability mismatch: "Depending on the structure chosen, securitization can offer perfect matched funding by eliminating funding exposure in terms of both duration and pricing basis."[12] Essentially, in most banks and finance companies, the liability book or the funding is from borrowings. This often comes at a high cost. Securitization allows such banks and finance companies to create a self-funded asset book.
Lower capital requirements: Some firms, due to legal, regulatory, or other reasons, have a limit or range that their leverage is allowed to be. By securitizing some of their assets, which qualifies as a sale for accounting purposes, these firms will be able to remove assets from their balance sheets while maintaining the "earning power" of the assets.[11]
Locking in profits: For a given block of business, the total profits have not yet emerged and thus remain uncertain. Once the block has been securitized, the level of profits has now been locked in for that company, thus the risk of profit not emerging, or the benefit of super-profits, has now been passed on.
Transfer risks (credit, liquidity, prepayment, reinvestment, asset concentration): Securitization makes it possible to transfer risks from an entity that does not want to bear it, to one that does. Two good examples of this are catastrophe bonds and Entertainment Securitizations. Similarly, by securitizing a block of business (thereby locking in a degree of profits), the company has effectively freed up its balance to go out and write more profitable business.
Off balance sheet: Derivative (finance) of many types have in the past been referred to as "off-balance-sheet." This term implies that the use of derivatives has no balance sheet impact. While there are differences among the various accounting standards internationally, there is a general trend towards the requirement to record derivatives at fair value on the balance sheet. There is also a generally accepted principle that, where derivatives are being used as a hedge against underlying assets or liabilities, accounting adjustments are required to ensure that the gain/loss on the hedged instrument is recognized in the income statement on a similar basis as the underlying assets and liabilities. Certain credit derivatives products, particularly Credit Default Swaps, now have more or less universally accepted market standard documentation. In the case of Credit Default Swaps, this documentation has been formulated by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) who have for a long time provided documentation on how to treat such derivatives on balance sheets.
Earnings: Securitization makes it possible to record an earnings bounce without any real addition to the firm. When a securitization takes place, there often is a "true sale" that takes place between the Originator (the parent company) and the SPE. This sale has to be for the market value of the underlying assets for the "true sale" to stick and thus this sale is reflected on the parent company's balance sheet, which will boost earnings for that quarter by the amount of the sale. While not illegal in any respect, this does distort the true earnings of the parent company.
Admissibility: Future cashflows may not get full credit in a company's accounts (life insurance companies, for example, may not always get full credit for future surpluses in their regulatory balance sheet), and a securitization effectively turns an admissible future surplus flow into an admissible immediate cash asset.
Liquidity: Future cashflows may simply be balance sheet items which currently are not available for spending, whereas once the book has been securitized, the cash would be available for immediate spending or investment. This also creates a reinvestment book which may well be at better rates.
Disadvantages to issuer[edit]
May reduce portfolio quality: If the AAA risks, for example, are being securitized out, this would leave a materially worse quality of residual risk.
Costs: Securitizations are expensive due to management and system costs, legal fees, underwriting fees, rating fees and ongoing administration. An allowance for unforeseen costs is usually essential in securitizations, especially if it is an atypical securitization.
Size limitations: Securitizations often require large scale structuring, and thus may not be cost-efficient for small and medium transactions.
Risks: Since securitization is a structured transaction, it may include par structures as well as credit enhancements that are subject to risks of impairment, such as prepayment, as well as credit loss, especially for structures where there are some retained strips.
Advantages to investors[edit]
Opportunity to potentially earn a higher rate of return (on a risk-adjusted basis)
Opportunity to invest in a specific pool of high quality assets: Due to the stringent requirements for corporations (for example) to attain high ratings, there is a dearth of highly rated entities that exist. Securitizations, however, allow for the creation of large quantities of AAA, AA or A rated bonds, and risk averse institutional investors, or investors that are required to invest in only highly rated assets, have access to a larger pool of investment options.
Portfolio diversification: Depending on the securitization, hedge funds as well as other institutional investors tend to like investing in bonds created through securitizations because they may be uncorrelated to their other bonds and securities.
Isolation of credit risk from the parent entity: Since the assets that are securitized are isolated (at least in theory) from the assets of the originating entity, under securitization it may be possible for the securitization to receive a higher credit rating than the "parent," because the underlying risks are different. For example, a small bank may be considered more risky than the mortgage loans it makes to its customers; were the mortgage loans to remain with the bank, the borrowers may effectively be paying higher interest (or, just as likely, the bank would be paying higher interest to its creditors, and hence less profitable).
Risks to investors[edit]
Liquidity risk
Credit/default: Default risk is generally accepted as a borrower’s inability to meet interest payment obligations on time.[13] For ABS, default may occur when maintenance obligations on the underlying collateral are not sufficiently met as detailed in its prospectus. A key indicator of a particular security’s default risk is its credit rating. Different tranches within the ABS are rated differently, with senior classes of most issues receiving the highest rating, and subordinated classes receiving correspondingly lower credit ratings.[8] Almost all mortgages, including reverse mortgages, and student loans, are now insured by the government, meaning that taxpayers are on the hook for any of these loans that go bad even if the asset is massively over-inflated. In other words, there are no limits or curbs on over-spending, or the liabilities to taxpayers.
However, the credit crisis of 2007–2008 has exposed a potential flaw in the securitization process – loan originators retain no residual risk for the loans they make, but collect substantial fees on loan issuance and securitization, which doesn't encourage improvement of underwriting standards.
Event risk
Prepayment/reinvestment/early amortization: The majority of revolving ABS are subject to some degree of early amortization risk. The risk stems from specific early amortization events or payout events that cause the security to be paid off prematurely. Typically, payout events include insufficient payments from the underlying borrowers, insufficient excess spread, a rise in the default rate on the underlying loans above a specified level, a decrease in credit enhancements below a specific level, and bankruptcy on the part of the sponsor or servicer.[8]
Currency interest rate fluctuations: Like all fixed income securities, the prices of fixed rate ABS move in response to changes in interest rates. Fluctuations in interest rates affect floating rate ABS prices less than fixed rate securities, as the index against which the ABS rate adjusts will reflect interest rate changes in the economy. Furthermore, interest rate changes may affect the prepayment rates on underlying loans that back some types of ABS, which can affect yields. Home equity loans tend to be the most sensitive to changes in interest rates, while auto loans, student loans, and credit cards are generally less sensitive to interest rates.[8]
Contractual agreements
Moral hazard: Investors usually rely on the deal manager to price the securitizations’ underlying assets. If the manager earns fees based on performance, there may be a temptation to mark up the prices of the portfolio assets. Conflicts of interest can also arise with senior note holders when the manager has a claim on the deal's excess spread.[14]
Servicer risk: The transfer or collection of payments may be delayed or reduced if the servicer becomes insolvent. This risk is mitigated by having a backup servicer involved in the transaction.[8]
History[edit]
Early developments[edit]
See also: Economic history of the Dutch Republic and Financial history of the Dutch Republic
Modern practice of securitization has its roots in the 17th-century Dutch Republic.[15][16]
Examples of securitization can be found at least as far back as the 18th century.[17] Among the early examples of mortgage-backed securities in the United States were the farm railroad mortgage bonds of the mid-19th century which contributed to the panic of 1857.[18]
In February 1970, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development created the first modern residential mortgage-backed security. The Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA or Ginnie Mae) sold securities backed by a portfolio of mortgage loans.[19]
To facilitate the securitization of non-mortgage assets, businesses substituted private credit enhancements. First, they over-collateralised pools of assets; shortly thereafter, they improved third-party and structural enhancements. In 1985, securitization techniques that had been developed in the mortgage market were applied for the first time to a class of non-mortgage assets — automobile loans. A pool of assets second only to mortgages in volume, auto loans were a good match for structured finance; their maturities, considerably shorter than those of mortgages, made the timing of cash flows more predictable, and their long statistical histories of performance gave investors confidence.[20]
This early auto loan deal was a $60 million securitization originated by Marine Midland Bank and securitised in 1985 by the Certificate for Automobile Receivables Trust (CARS, 1985-1).[21]
The first significant bank credit card sale came to market in 1986 with a private placement of $50 million of outstanding bank card loans. This transaction demonstrated to investors that, if the yields were high enough, loan pools could support asset sales with higher expected losses and administrative costs than was true within the mortgage market. Sales of this type — with no contractual obligation by the seller to provide recourse — allowed banks to receive sales treatment for accounting and regulatory purposes (easing balance sheet and capital constraints), while at the same time allowing them to retain origination and servicing fees. After the success of this initial transaction, investors grew to accept credit card receivables as collateral, and banks developed structures to normalize the cash flows.[20]
Starting in the 1990s with some earlier private transactions, securitization technology was applied to a number of sectors of the reinsurance and insurance markets including life and catastrophe. This activity grew to nearly $15bn of issuance in 2006 following the disruptions in the underlying markets caused by Hurricane Katrina and Regulation XXX. Key areas of activity in the broad area of Alternative Risk Transfer include catastrophe bonds, Life Insurance Securitization and Reinsurance Sidecars.
The first public Securitization of Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) loans started in 1997. CRA loans are loans targeted to low and moderate income borrowers and neighborhoods.[22]
As estimated by the Bond Market Association, in the United States, the total amount outstanding[clarification needed] at the end of 2004 was $1.8 trillion. This amount was about 8 percent of total outstanding bond market debt ($23.6 trillion), about 33 percent of mortgage-related debt ($5.5 trillion), and about 39 percent of corporate debt ($4.7 trillion) in the United States. In nominal terms, over the previous ten years (1995–2004) ABS[clarification needed] amount outstanding had grown about 19 percent annually, with mortgage-related debt and corporate debt each growing at about 9 percent. Gross public issuance of asset-backed securities was strong, setting new records in many years. In 2004, issuance was at an all-time record of about $0.9 trillion.[23]
At the end of 2004, the larger sectors of this market were credit card-backed securities (21 percent), home-equity backed securities (25 percent), automobile-backed securities (13 percent), and collateralized debt obligations (15 percent). Among the other market segments were student loan-backed securities (6 percent), equipment leases (4 percent), manufactured housing (2 percent), small business loans (such as loans to convenience stores and gas stations), and aircraft leases.[23]
Modern securitization took off in the late 1990s or early 2000s, thanks to the innovative structures implemented across the asset classes, such as UK Mortgage Master Trusts (concept imported from the US Credit Cards), Insurance-backed transaction (such as those implemented by the insurance securitization guru Emmanuel Issanchou) or even more esoteric asset classes (for example securitization of lottery receivables).
As the result of the credit crunch precipitated by the subprime mortgage crisis the US market for bonds backed by securitised loans was very weak in 2008 except for bonds guaranteed by a federally backed agency. As a result, interest rates rose for loans that were previously securitised such as home mortgages, student loans, auto loans and commercial mortgages[24]
Recently, securitization has been proposed and used to accelerate development of solar photovoltaic projects.[25][26] For example, SolarCity offered the first U.S. asset-backed security in the solar industry in 2013.[27]
Recent lawsuits[edit]
Recently there have been several lawsuits attributable to the rating of securitizations by the three leading rating agencies. In July, 2009, the USA’s largest public pension fund has filed suit in California state court in connection with $1 billion in losses that it says were caused by “wildly inaccurate” credit ratings from the three leading ratings agencies.[28]
See also[edit]

Collateralized debt obligation, securitization vehicle for corporate debt securities
Collateralized fund obligation, securitization vehicle for private equity and hedge fund assets
Collateralized mortgage obligation, securitization vehicle for mortgage-backed securities
Collateralized loan obligation, securitization vehicle for corporate loans

References[edit]


^ Michael Simkovic, Competition and Crisis in Mortgage Securitization
^ Michael Simkovic, Secret Liens and the Financial Crisis of 2008, American Bankruptcy Law Journal, Vol. 83, p. 253, 2009
^ Raynes, Sylvain and Ann Rutledge, The Analysis of Structured Securities, Oxford U Press, 2003, p. 103. ISBN 978-0-19-515273-9
^ "ESF Securitization Data Report Q2:business
^ Claire A. Hill, Whole Business Securitization in Emerging Markets, Duke Journal of Comparative and International Law 12:2 (2002).
^ Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Statement No. 140 "Accounting for transfers and servicing of financial assets and extinguishments of liabilities—a replacement of FASB Statement No. 125" September 2000
^ a b c d e f T Sabarwal "Common Structures of Asset Backed Securities and Their Risks, December 29, 2005
^ a b c d e f g h i j k Fixed Income Sectors: Asset-Backed Securities – A primer on asset-backed securities, Dwight Asset Management Company (2005).
^ Kim, M. ; Hessami, A. ; Sombolestani, E. (2010, March 24) CVEN 640 - Cash Flow Waterfall [Video file]. URL: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dw_z56HmLYs
^ The Committee on the Global Financial System defined Structured Finance, "The role of ratings in structured finance: issues and implications", January 2005
^ a b Reis-Roy, Calvin (1998). "Rating Securitisation Structures". Journal of International Banking Law. 13 (9): 298–304. 
^ "The Handbook of Asset-Backed Securities", Jess Lederman, 1990.
^ Reis-Roy, Calvin (2003). An Analysis of the Law and Practice of Securitisation. 
^ Tavakoli, Janet. "CDOs: Caveat Emptor" GARP Risk Review (Journal of the Global Association of Risk Professionals), September/October 2005 Issue 26.
^ Goetzmann, William N.; Rouwenhorst, K. Geert (2008). The History of Financial Innovation, in Carbon Finance, Environmental Market Solutions to Climate Change. (Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies, chapter 1, pp. 18–43). As Goetzmann & Rouwenhorst (2008) noted, "The 17th and 18th centuries in the Netherlands were a remarkable time for finance. Many of the financial products or instruments that we see today emerged during a relatively short period. In particular, merchants and bankers developed what we would today call securitization. Mutual funds and various other forms of structured finance that still exist today emerged in the 17th and 18th centuries in Holland."
^ Markham, Jerry W.: A Financial History of the United States from Enron-Era Scandals to the Great Recession (2004–2009). (Routledge, 1st edition, 2011, ISBN 0765624311), p. 355. "An early example of securitization was found in Amsterdam in the seventeenth century."
^ "Dutch Securities for American Land Speculation in the Late-Eighteenth Century", Rik Frehen, K. Geert Rouwenhorst, and William N. Goetzmann, 2012.
^ "Déjà Vu All Over Again: Agency, Uncertainty, Leverage and the Panic of 1857", Timothy J. Riddiough and Howard E. Thompson, 2012.
^ "Asset-Backed securities in Germany: the sale and Securitization of loans by German credit institutions", Deutsche Bundesbank Monthly Report July, 1997.
^ a b "Asset Securitization Comptroller's Handbook", Comptroller of the Currency Administrator of National Banks, 1997.
^ "Hearing before the U.S. House subcommittee on Policy Research and Insurance in "Asset Securitization and Secondary Markets" (July 31, 1991), page 13
^ Wachovia Press Releases
^ a b "Common Structures of Asset-Backed Securities and Their Risks", Tarun Sabarwal, December 29, 2005
^ "Mechanism for Credit Is Still Stuck" article by Vikas Bajaj in The New York Times August 12, 2008
^ Alafita, T.; Pearce, J.M. "Securitization of residential solar photovoltaic assets: Costs, risks and uncertainty". Energy Policy. 67: 488–498. doi:10.1016/j.enpol.2013.12.045. 
^ Lowder, T., & Mendelsohn, M. (2013). "The Potential of Securitization in Solar PV Finance". National Renewable Energy Laboratory. December 2013.
^ "Done Deal: The First Securitization Of Rooftop Solar Assets" Forbes - URL: http://www.forbes.com/sites/uciliawang/2013/11/21/done-deal-the-first-securitization-of-rooftop-solar-assets/
^ Leslie Wayne (July 15, 2009). "Caper Sues over Ratings of Securities". New York Times. 


External links[edit]

The Rocket Scientists of Finance BBC Programme: The City Uncovered







v
t
e


Structured finance



Securitization



Securitization transaction
Credit enhancement
Tranche





Types of Securities



Asset-backed security (ABS)
Mortgage-backed security (MBS)
Credit derivative
Credit default swap (CDS)
Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO)
Collateralized bond obligation (CBO)
Collateralized loan obligation (CLO)
Collateralized fund obligation (CFO)
Senior stretch loan
Structured product












v
t
e


Hedge funds



Investment
strategy





Arbitrage /
Relative value




Capital structure arbitrage
Convertible arbitrage
Equity market neutral
Fixed income arbitrage / Fixed-income relative-value investing
Statistical arbitrage
Volatility arbitrage






Event-driven




Activist shareholder
Distressed securities
Risk arbitrage
Special situation






Directional




Convergence trade
Commodity trading advisors / Managed futures account
Dedicated short
Global macro
Long/short equity
Trend following






Other




Fund of hedge funds / Multi-manager











Trading



Algorithmic trading
Day trading
High-frequency trading
Prime brokerage
Program trading
Proprietary trading





Related
terms





Markets




Commodities
Derivatives
Equity
Fixed income
Foreign exchange
Money markets
Structured securities






Misc




Arbitrage pricing theory
Assets under management
Black–Scholes model (Greeks (finance): Delta neutral)
Capital asset pricing model (Alpha / Beta / Security characteristic line)
Fundamental analysis
Hedge
Securitization
Short
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Technical analysis








Investors



Vulture funds
Family offices
Financial endowments
Fund of hedge funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investors
Insurance companies
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Pension funds
Sovereign wealth funds





Regulatory



Fund governance
Hedge Fund Standards Board








Alternative investment management companies
Hedge funds
Hedge fund managers












v
t
e


Financial risk and financial risk management



Categories




Credit risk



Concentration risk
Consumer credit risk
Credit derivative
Securitization





Market risk



Commodity risk (e.g. Volume risk, Basis risk, Shape risk, Holding period risk, Price area risk)
Equity risk
FX risk
Margining risk
Interest rate risk
Volatility risk
Liquidity risk (e.g. Refinancing risk)





Operational risk



Operational risk management
Legal risk
Political risk
Reputational risk
Valuation risk





Other



Profit risk
Settlement risk
Systemic risk








Modeling



Market portfolio
Modern portfolio theory
RAROC
Risk-free rate
Risk parity
Sharpe ratio
Value-at-Risk (VaR) and extensions Profit at risk, Margin at risk, Liquidity at risk





Basic concepts



Diversification
Expected return
Hazard
Hedge
Risk
Risk pool
Systematic risk








Financial economics
Investment management
Mathematical finance












v
t
e


Economic history of the Netherlands



General



Economy of the Netherlands from 1500–1700
Economic history of the Dutch Republic
Economic history of the Netherlands (1500–1815)
Financial history of the Dutch Republic
Dutch guilder
Amsterdam Entrepôt
Tulipmania (tulip mania, tulipomania)
Dutch Financial Revolution
Dutch economic miracle (ca. 1590s–1600s)
Whaling in the Netherlands
Diamond industry in the Dutch Republic
Sugar industry in the Dutch Republic
Shipbuilding industry in the Dutch Republic
(Ship designs of the Dutch Republic)
Shipping industry of the Dutch Republic
Pulp and paper industry in the Dutch Republic
History of the chocolate industry (Dutch process chocolate, cocoa powder)
Polder model
Dutch disease





Key institutions




Pre-1815



Amsterdam Stock Exchange (Beurs van Hendrick de Keyser)
Bank of Amsterdam (Amsterdamsche Wisselbank)
Brabantsche Compagnie
Compagnie van Verre
Dutch East India Company (VOC)
Dutch West India Company (WIC/GWIC)
New Netherland Company
Noordsche Compagnie





Post-1815



De Nederlandsche Bank
Stichting Max Havelaar








Notable business and
financial innovators



Louis De Geer
Gerard Adriaan Heineken
Isaac Le Maire
Johan Palmstruch
Anton Philips
Gerard Philips
Nico Roozen
Coenraad Johannes van Houten
Frans van der Hoff
A. van Ketwich





Pioneering innovations in
business and financial history



Bear raid
Central banking
Collective investment schemes (investment funds)
Common stock
Corporate bond
Corporate finance
Corporate governance
Corporate social responsibility
Dividend (dividend policy)
Dutch auction
Fairtrade certification (fairtrade labelling, fair trade labelling initiative,
fair trade certification initiative)
Formal capital markets
Futures contract (formal futures markets)
Government debt (public debt, national debt)
Initial public offering (IPO)
Investment banking
Joint-stock company with a fixed capital stock
Listed company
Mega-corporation (megacorporation)
Mutual fund
Open art market
Outward foreign direct investment (FDI)
Public company (publicly traded company)
Secondary markets
Securities markets
Securitization
Share (finance)
Shareholder activism (activist shareholder)
Shareholder advocacy
Shareholder revolt (shareholder rebellion)
Stock certificate
Short selling (naked short selling)
Stock exchange
Stock market (equity market)
Stockbroker
Stock trader
Stock trading
Technical analysis
Tontine
Transnational corporation





Influenced



Economic globalization (corporate globalization)
History of capitalism
Early European industrialization (mechanization in shipbuilding
and paper industries during the Dutch Golden Age) 1
Economic history of the United Kingdom 2
Economic history of Sweden 3
Economic history of South Africa 4
Economic history of Indonesia
Economic history of India
Economic history of Sri Lanka
Economic history of Japan
Economic history of Taiwan
Economic history of Thailand
Economic history of Malaysia
Economic history of Vietnam
Economic history of Mauritius
Economic history of Brazil
Economic history of the United States





Related



Financial markets
Financial capitalism
Financial revolution
International financial centres (global financial centres)
Economic growth
Economic boom
Economic miracle
Economic bubble (financial bubble, speculative bubble)
Stock market crash
Deindustrialization





Notable scholars 5



Violet Barbour
Fernand Braudel
Pieter de la Court
Joseph de la Vega
Jan de Vries
Warwick Funnell
William N. Goetzmann
Jonathan Israel
Bernard Mandeville
Deirdre McCloskey
Jeffrey Robertson
K. Geert Rouwenhorst
Jacob Soll
Edward Stringham
Richard Sylla
Peter J. Taylor
James D. Tracy
Immanuel Wallerstein









1 See also: Hollander beater; Wind-powered sawmill.
2 See also: Financial history of the United Kingdom; History of the British national debt; History of British financial markets; Bank of England; Cornelius Vermuyden; Bernard Mandeville.
3 See also: Early industrialization in Sweden; History of European banknotes; Stockholms Banco; Bank of Sweden; Johan Palmstruch; Louis De Geer.
4 See also: History of the South African wine industry.
5 Scholars or historians, of any nationality, whose writings concern the economic history (such as business, financial, and socio-politico-economic history) of the Netherlands.










Authority control



NDL: 01111934










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Securitization&oldid=792733543"					
Categories: Securities (finance)DebtUnited States housing bubbleHidden categories: All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2014Wikipedia articles needing clarification from March 2015 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaБългарскиCatalàDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתМакедонскиNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 09:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 



























 



 Eaglewood Capital Management Launches First Securitization of Peer-to-Peer Consumer Loans 
         










    










 






 











 









Eaglewood Capital Management Launches First Securitization of Peer-to-Peer Consumer Loans

Oct 01, 2013, 12:13 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Eaglewood Capital Management 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEW YORK, Oct. 1, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Eaglewood Capital Management ("Eaglewood"), a leading investment management firm specializing in investing in online lending strategies, announced today that it has completed the first ever securitization of peer-to-peer (P2P) consumer loans.  The $53 million transaction, representing approximately half of the assets under management in the firm's flagship fund, Eaglewood Income Fund I, LP, securitized unsecured consumer loans originated through the LendingClub Corporation.  
"We believe that this transaction, the first of its kind in the market for P2P consumer loans, is a major milestone for Eaglewood and for the P2P industry as a whole," said Jon Barlow, Eaglewood's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer. "We expect our investors to benefit from the transaction in several ways as it diversifies our borrowing sources, matches our liabilities with our assets, and fixes the interest rate on a material portion of our debt. We also think the transaction will lower our borrowing costs and generally increase lender confidence in our fund.  As investor interest in online lending strategies continues to grow, we believe that institutional demand for similar securitizations that are properly structured will increase going forward."
Loan characteristics of the securitized portfolio, which Eaglewood assembled using its proprietary loan selection algorithm and software, include a weighted average borrower FICO score of 700+, weighted average borrower income north of $90,000, and a weighted average interest rate of 12-14%. All of the securitized loans are 36-month term loans.
About Eaglewood Capital Management
Eaglewood is a New York-based investment management firm and an SEC-registered investment adviser specializing in online lending strategies.  The firm focuses on strategies that offer a compelling combination of yield, credit quality and duration while minimizing volatility of returns and correlation to other asset classes.  The firm's regulatory assets under management currently stand at north of $130 million.  Eaglewood's investor base includes family offices, fund of funds, mutual funds, foundations, and commercial banks.  
Eaglewood is independent of, and is not affiliated with, the LendingClub Corporation.
Contact: Beth Leri Prosek Partners 212-279-3115 ext. 227 bleri@prosek.com
 SOURCE  Eaglewood Capital Management  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  





My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 
















Investing In Securitized Products

















































































 























Topics



What's New



Amazon Wobble Creates Ripples Across Worldwide Stock Markets




5 Secrets You Didn't Know About Roth IRAs


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Free Rider Problem
1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Are Bezos & Musk's Rocketships Bad for Markets?


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters























                Investing In Securitized Products            


    By Brian Perry 






Share















































 Securitized products represent a complicated sector of the fixed-income market. These products are pools of financial assets. These are brought together to make a new security, which is then divided and sold to investors. Because the value and cash flows of the new asset are based on its underlying securities, these investments can be hard to analyze. Regardless of whether an individual ultimately chooses to invest in securitized products, a better understanding of this dynamic market is instrumental to the development of a robust, well-rounded investment education. This article will explain what securitization is, outline its benefits and discuss the investment characteristics of securitized products before concluding with a look at how securitized products might fit into an individual investor's portfolio. 
Tutorial: Understanding The Credit Crisis How Securitization WorksSecuritization describes the process of pooling financial assets and turning them into tradable securities. The first products to be securitized were home mortgages; these were followed by commercial mortgages, credit card receivables, auto loans, student loans and many other financial assets. 
Bonds backed by home mortgages are commonly referred to as mortgage-backed securities (MBS), and bonds backed by non-mortgage-related financial assets are called asset-backed securities (ABS). Although there are important distinctions among the various types of mortgage- and asset-backed products, for the purposes of this article we will simply refer to all of these bonds as "securitized products". They are also grouped into an area known as structured finance in the investment banking community. (To learn more, check out Profit From Mortgage Debt With MBS.)
The process of creating a securitized bond is straightforward. A financial institution (the "issuer") with assets it wishes to securitize sells the assets to a special-purpose vehicle (SPV). For legal purposes, the SPV is a separate entity from the financial institution, but the SPV exists only to purchase the financial institution's assets. By selling the assets to the SPV, the issuer receives cash and removes the assets from its balance sheet, providing the issuer with greater financial flexibility. The SPV   issues bonds to  finance the purchase of the assets; these bonds can be traded in the marketplace and are referred to as securitized products. (Read about another use of SPVs in    Investing In Emerging Market Debt.)  
One key feature of securitized products is that they are usually issued in tranches. This means that the larger deal is broken down into smaller pieces, each of which has different investment characteristics. The existence of different tranches makes securitized products appealing to a wide range of investors, because each investor can choose the tranche that best combines his or her desire for yield, cash flow and safety. (To learn more, check out What is a tranche? and Behind The Scenes Of Your Mortgage.)
Benefits of SecuritizationThere are several key benefits that securitization provides to market participants and the broader economy: 
Frees capital for lending - Securitization provides financial institutions with a mechanism for removing assets from their balance sheets, thereby increasing the pool of available capital that can be loaned out.
Lowers the cost of capital - A corollary to the increased abundance of capital is that the rate required on loans is lower; lower interest rates promote increased economic growth. (Read about how the Federal Reserve controls interest rates and stimulates the economy in How Much Influence Does The Fed Have? and The Federal Reserve's Fight Against Recession.)

Makes non-tradable assets tradable – This action increases liquidity in a variety of previously illiquid financial products.

Spreads the ownership of risk - Pooling and distributing financial assets provides greater ability to diversify risk and provides investors with more choice as to how much risk to hold in their portfolios. (For further reading, check out How Do Banks Determine Risk?)
Provides profits for financial intermediaries - Intermediaries benefit by keeping the profits from the spread, or difference, between the interest rate on the underlying assets and the rate paid on the securities that are issued.
Creates an attractive asset class for investors - Purchasers of securitized products benefit from the fact that securitized products are often highly customizable and can offer a wide range of yields. (Learn more in Understanding Structured Products.) 
Investment Characteristics of Securitized Products
High YieldMany securitized products offer relatively attractive yields. These high returns don't come for free though; compared to many other types of bonds, the timing of the cash flows from securitized products is relatively uncertain. This uncertainty is why investors demand higher returns. 
DiversificationAs one of the largest fixed-income security types, securitized products present fixed-income investors with an alternative to government, corporate or municipal bonds. (To learn more, check out The Importance of Diversification.)
SafetyThere are several methods that financial intermediaries use in order to issue bonds that are safer than the assets that back them. Most securitized products have investment-grade ratings. (Learn more about bond ratings in What does investment grade mean? and Junk Bonds: Everything You Need To Know.)
Internal credit enhancement refers to safeguards that are built into the structure of the securitized product itself. Common forms of internal credit enhancement include subordination (where highly rated tranches receive cash flow priority over lower-rated tranches) and overcollateralization (where the amount of bonds issued by the SPV is less than the value of the assets backing the deal). The intended effect of any type of internal credit enhancement is that cash flow shortfalls due to losses in the value of the underlying assets do not affect the value of the safest tranches of bonds. This works well given relatively low levels of losses, but the value of the protection is less certain if losses on the underlying assets are substantial. 
External credit enhancement occurs when a third party provides an additional guarantee of payment for bondholders. Common forms of external credit enhancement include third-party bond insurance, letters of credit and corporate guarantees. The main drawback to external credit enhancement is that the additional protection is only as good as the party providing it. If the third-party guarantor experiences financial hardship, the value of its guarantee may be negligible, leaving the safety of the bonds dependent on the bonds' underlying fundamentals. 
Securitized Products and Your Portfolio As with many other areas of the fixed-income marketplace, the main participants in the securitized products market are institutional investors. There are several reasons for this, including large average transaction sizes, a lack of readily available pricing information and difficulty in properly valuing many securitized products. (Learn the rules that govern bond pricing in Bond Market Pricing Conventions.)
Despite these challenges, many individuals invest in securitized products. Owners of diversified fixed-income mutual funds or exchange-traded funds often indirectly hold securitized products through their funds' holdings. Some individuals also choose to invest directly in securitized products. 
Most brokerage firms offer an inventory of securitized products to select from. The best way to purchase securitized products from an inventory is to begin with an idea of the investment characteristics being sought (size, yield, safety, maturity, etc.). By starting this way, an investor is likely to find an appropriate securitized product that suits his or her needs and helps to build the investor's portfolio. (To learn more, check out The Importance of Asset Allocation.)
The Bottom LineBecause of the size and importance of the securitized products market, a basic understanding of securitized products will benefit even investors who have no intention of investing directly in securitized products. For individuals intrigued by this sector, significant additional research should be conducted before contemplating an investment in this complicated sector of the fixed-income market.









  






 











































      Trending
    



The Trump Economy: News and Analysis




Announcing the Top 100 Most Influential Financial Advisors




Who is Anthony Scaramucci?




Why Retiring on 70% of Your Income Might Be Tough




Investopedia's Guide to Impact Investing







Hot Definitions



                                                    Free Rider Problem                                            

 1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals in a population either consume more ...  



                                                    Dumping                                            

 In international trade, the export by a country or company of a product at a price that is lower in the foreign market than ...  



                                                    Tender Offer                                            

 An offer to purchase some or all of shareholders' shares in a corporation. The price offered is usually at a premium to the ...  



                                                    Ponzi Scheme                                            

 A fraudulent investing scam promising high rates of return with little risk to investors. The Ponzi scheme generates returns ...  



                                                    Dow Jones Industrial Average - DJIA                                            

 The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a price-weighted average of 30 significant stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange ...  



                                                    Revolving Credit                                            

 A line of credit where the customer pays a commitment fee and is then allowed to use the funds when they are needed. It is ...  












Trading Center















Partner Links



















Want to learn how to invest?
Get a free 10 week email series that will teach you how to start investing.
Delivered twice a week, straight to your inbox.









No thanks, I prefer not making money.



























 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy




























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















| Securitization Fund















































Home
Our Securitization Consortium

Mission Statement
Our Approach
The Client
Company Business Units

Our South Africa & Ghana Team
Our European Team
Our Mauritius Team
Energy and Commodities
Trust and Fiduciary Services
Solar Energy Financing
Mauritius Investment Fund and Securitization Fund




Our Services

Securitization Fund – Mauritius
Asset Securitization
Safe Keeping Receipts
Bond Securitization
Trust Indenture, Collateral Commitments and Structures
Company Formation, Special Purpose Securitization Vehicles, Bond SPVs, and Issuers
GBL 1 & GBL 2
Stock Exchange Listings
Distribution


Securitization Forums
News
Contact Us
 









UK London +44 (20) 3286 6007 
SA Pretoria +27 (12) 743 5007































Home
Our Securitization Consortium

Mission Statement
Our Approach
The Client
Company Business Units

Our South Africa & Ghana Team
Our European Team
Our Mauritius Team
Energy and Commodities
Trust and Fiduciary Services
Solar Energy Financing
Mauritius Investment Fund and Securitization Fund




Our Services

Securitization Fund – Mauritius
Asset Securitization
Safe Keeping Receipts
Bond Securitization
Trust Indenture, Collateral Commitments and Structures
Company Formation, Special Purpose Securitization Vehicles, Bond SPVs, and Issuers
GBL 1 & GBL 2
Stock Exchange Listings
Distribution


Securitization Forums
News
Contact Us
 








 




 




 



BUILD A SECURITIZATION FUNDWHY WORK WITH SECURITIZATION PROFESSIONALS?BUILD A SECURITIZATION FUNDWHY WORK WITH SECURITIZATION PROFESSIONALS? 
























 



Securitization Fund


 



Qualify as an Investor


 



Introducing Broker






 





Build a New Zealand FSP, a Bank, or a Swedish Trust?


                            February 17, 2015 / No Comments 
Euroclear Ready with Corresponding Accounts in Banks We own a Swedish Trust, of which you can operate as a Bank like services, similar to a Credit Union. The Trust structure is accepted by and condoned for doing business like Bank, where by you can open accounts for clients, hold funds under the sub-account as a […] 
                            Read More






Offshore Bank for Sale – Buy a Bank or Build a Bank?


                            January 20, 2015 / No Comments 
For the last 11 years our consortium have built over 50 Banks globally and have been very successful at establishing the corresponding Banks, Banking Software, Swifts, web presence, and licensing for ourselves and our clients. Buying an existing Bank is probably the easiest and fastest way to obtain a Banking License. We have a Bank […] 
                            Read More






ASSET PROTECTION, ASSET SECURITIZATION, AND SAFE KEEPING RECEIPTS SKR


                            June 3, 2014 / No Comments 
The first part of any financial product is planning for the future. Naturally assets that are securitized or are held in custodian are done so to make the instrument for trading, for delivering a fixed income, or as collateral. Therefore, the natural first step is to build an offshore structure of which the assets ownership, […] 
                            Read More





 1 2 3 4 5Next  




Sign up for securitization business Newsletter 









Email Address*



First Name



Last Name

 
				* = required field			






 









Contact Us 












Message *








 




    						    Copyright © 2015 Securitization Business. All rights reserved                             


 





























Ray Gatten | Oberon Securities LLC | Mergr







































Ray Gatten

Managing Director
Oberon Securities LLC


Office Phone:(212) 386-7080  





Get Started
                     
                    
                        and access, 


    38K PE/M&A Contacts
    +
    3.1K PE Firms 
    2.6K M&A Advisors
    109K Transactions
    119K Companies 



     Market Services
     Build Lists
     Research Sectors
     Uncover Opportunities






 Bio 
Ray recently joined Oberon as a Managing Director focused on financial services and commercial real estate. Ray has 30 years of experience in banking, trading and sales with a specialization in negotiated private placements of term asset-backed securities, warehouse credit facilities, whole loan transactions, subordinated debt financings and other investment banking related transactions for specialty finance companies and commercial real estate. Previously, he was an Executive Managing Director with Bonwick Capital Partners (BCP) where he co-engineered and placed four Eaglewood Consumer Loan Trust (ECLT) private transactions secured by Lending Club consumer loans. Prior to joining BCP in 2014, Ray was a Managing Director with National Alliance Capital Markets where he co-engineered and placed the first ever Peer-to- Peer private securitization Eaglewood Consumer Loan Trust 2013-1, backed by Lending Club consumer loans. Ray co-engineered and placed the first private transaction secured by California Water Contracts and placed $400 Million in Non-Performing and Re-Performing commercial real estate loans for Security National Mortgage Company. Ray has held senior positions with major firms which include Cantor Fitzgerald as Head of the Structured Product trading desk, Managing Director Royal Bank of Canada Capital Markets (RBC) where he co-engineered and placed over $1Billion in private asset-backed transactions from 2000-2005 and Senior Vice President of Structured products with Morgan Stanley Dean Witter in Chicago where he worked on and placed the first credit card Asset-backed securitization in 1987 backed by Sears credit card receivables. Ray graduated from the University of North Alabama with a B.A., Post Graduate work includes Merrill Lynch School of Finance, American Institute of Banking, University of Memphis. Ray is a FINRA registered securities principal (Series 24).



 Education

University of North Alabama  
1 of 2




Work History 
Royal Bank of Canada
Morgan Stanley
 













Product


Pricing 
Browse 
Docs 




Company

About 
Contact 
Blog 




Legal

Terms
Privacy



























 


Eaglewood Completes $75 Million Securitization of P2P Loans Originated via Lending Club - Crowdfund Insider











































































































Featured
Marketplaces
Offerings
Blockchain & Digital Currency
Fintech
More 

Home
Global
Strategy
Politics
Real Estate
Asia
Insurtech
Canada
Events
Opinion
Women Changing Finance
The Ultimate Crowdfunding Guide
About Us
Submit a Tip – Contact Us








Search





























Eaglewood Completes $75 Million Securitization of P2P Loans Originated via Lending Club
 Tweet26 Share2 Share30 +12 Reddit Pin EmailShares 60

October 20, 2014 @ 10:27 pm By JD Alois 


Eaglewood Capital Management, an investment management firm specializing in investing in online lending strategies, has announced that it has completed a $75 million securitization.   This represents Eaglewood’s second securitization of peer-to-peer (P2P) consumer loans and brings its total issuance to $175 million. The $75 million transaction comprises securitized unsecured consumer loans originated through the LendingClub Corporation and purchased by Eaglewood’s inaugural fund, Eaglewood Income Fund I, LP.
“We are excited about the closing of our second securitization, which we expect to support the ongoing growth of our firm,” said Jon Barlow, Eaglewood’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer.
Waterford Capital and Bonwick Capital Partners served as the structuring and placement agents to execute the transaction. David Piotrowski, managing director at Waterford Capital was quoted in the release stating;
“We are very pleased with the execution and acceptance of this non-rated securitization. The asset-backed market is clearly welcoming online marketplace loans as a new and upcoming asset class”. Ray Gatten, managing director at Bonwick Capital added, “This transaction was a great success and represents growing investor interest in this rapidly expanding asset class.”
Eaglewood assembled the portfolio using its in house loan selection algorithm that includes a weighted average borrower FICO score of over 695 and a weighted average interest rate of 11-12%. All of the securitized loans are 36-month term loans.
New York based Eaglewood Capital Management was founded in 2011. The firm focuses on strategies that offer a compelling combination of yield, credit quality and duration while minimizing volatility of returns and correlation to other asset classes. Eaglewood’s investor base includes family offices, fund of funds, mutual funds, foundations, and commercial banks. This past spring UK based Marshall Wace, a firm with over $18 billion of assets under management, acquired a majority stake in Eaglewood Capital Management. 
Related articles across the web

Has Peer-to-Peer Lending Turned into Hedge Fund-to-Consumer Lending?

 










		Sponsored Links by DQ Promote			

You may also like...P2P Global Investments Will Raise £200 Million in C Share Offer“P2P” Investment Trust Trades on London Stock ExchangeMW Eaglewood & Pollen Street Capital Merge. Will Jointly Manage P2P Global InvestmentsBrief: Crowdnetic Teams Up With Cloud Lending Solutions & eOriginal to Launch New Turn-Key Solution “DigitalLend”Eaglewood Capital Management Selects First Associates Loans Services for Peer-to-Peer Loan SecuritizationHarmoney Adds Prominent Names to Advisory BoardMarshall Wace P2P Fund Plans IPO in UKA Little Filing with Big Implications for Marketplace LendingProspectus for New Share Offer from P2P Global Investments is PublishedMarshall Wace Buys Eaglewood P2P FirmP2P Global Successfully Raises £400 MillionOrchard Shares Favorite Data Visualizations for 2014Has Peer-to-Peer Lending Turned into Hedge Fund-to-Consumer Lending?Brief: P2P Platform Landbay Offers Lenders £50 Christmas BonusMiami Firm Launches Platform for Banks to Access and Manage Investments With Online Peer Lending Partners
 Tweet26 Share2 Share30 +12 Reddit Pin EmailShares 60






Pingback: The American Chamber of Commerce in Singapore()



Pingback: The American Chamber of Commerce in Singapore()



Pingback: Eaglewood Completes $75 Million Securitization ...()








 





Subscribe to our weekly email

Email Address 





 






 




Sponsored Links by DQ Promote 

. 



. 
. 




 













Mortgage Securitization for Attorneys, Quiet Title Services Audits

























 




 


  Upcoming Classes







 






Tweets by @foreclosureCFLA




 

Mortgage Securitization Analyst Training Certification Class August 18th & 19th, 2017 (Now Online)


              
Certified Forensic Loan Auditors Mortgage Securitization Anaylst Training Certification Class is a comprehensive  16-hour online intensive seminar. Students study and learn important topics related to Mortgage Securitization as well as complex analysis of how to obtain recorded documents. Trainees will complete (5) five full Mortgage Securitization Audits under the direct supervision of the Senior Auditor. Also covered are the complexities of form and substance related to Expert Witness Testimony and how to use your portfolio of Education and Experience to Educate Judges and Opposing Counsel on Securitization Issues, Chain of Title, and Robosigning. Graduates of the course will receive a Certificate of Completion having met the CFLA requirements necessary to be accredited as a Mortgage Securitization Analyst.
Learn More & Register 
Student Testimonials.

Rising Housing Costs are Putting a Major Squeeze on Americans

livinglies.wordpress.com | June 18, 2017

Nearly 39 million households can’t afford their housing, according to the annual State of the Nation’s Housing Report from Harvard’s Joint Center for Housing Studies.

Read more
What Housing Recovery? Real Home Prices Still 16% Below 2007 Peak 

livinglies.wordpress.com | June 16, 2017

Since the financial crisis, home equity has gone from being America's biggest driver of (illusory) wealth to one of the biggest sources of economic inequality.
 
Read more
Lawsuits Claim Wells Fargo Modified Mortgages Without Customer Permission

The Washington Post | June 15, 2017

Wells Fargo is facing more accusations that it made unauthorized changes to customers accounts — this time to their mortgages.
 
Read more
Wells Fargo Is Accused of Making Improper Changes to Mortgages

The Washington Post | June 14, 2017
Even as Wells Fargo was reeling from a major scandal in its consumer bank last year, officials in the company’s mortgage business were putting through unauthorized changes to home loans held by customers in bankruptcy, a new class action and other lawsuits contend.
Read more
NYT: Wells Fargo Pattern of Filing False Documents with Federal Court

livinglies.wordpress.com | June 15, 2017
It’s nice to see Gretchen Morgenson back on the beat of financial fraud. We need more exposure to what everyone who has battling foreclosures already knows — that virtually all of the documents relied upon by would-be foreclosers are false, fraudulent, fabricated and forged. These revelations appear to be the only way judges will stop allowing presumptions of false facts to dominate their rulings.
 
Read more
Overcoming Res Judicata with the Law of Voids

Greg 'da Goose | May 28, 2017
EVERYTHING YOU ALWAYS WANTED TO KNOW ABOUT VOID JUDGMENTS BUT WERE AFRAID TO ASK! 
Excerpts from VOID JUDGEMENT by Cornforth (215 pps). If you are caught in a situation where you are just learning how to defend yourself after a judgment has already been rendered in your case and you have discovered jurisdictional failures in the plaintiff’s case or worse, instances of fraud by the plaintiff or their attorneys to force the hand of the judge in the case to make an expedient or default judgment… consider these…
 
Read more
Most U.S. Homes are Worth Less than Before the Crash

livinglies.wordpress.com | May 6, 2017
You can't blame a homeowner in Fresno, Calif., for viewing the thriving metropolis to its northwest with both envy and dismay.  While San Francisco home values have surged since the recession, Fresno's housing market is stuck in a rut. Less than 3% of homes in the city and its environs have returned to their pre&hyphen;recession peak, according to a new study from Trulia. Median home values are a teeth&hyphen;clenching &dollar;78,000 below their pre&hyphen;recession peak.
Read more
Wells Fargo Targeted Undocumented Immigrants, Stalked Street Corners, Lawsuit Claims

Kristine Phillips | May 4, 2017
On "Hit the Streets Thursday&comma;" Wells Fargo bankers and tellers, specifically those of Latino descent&comma; scouted the streets and Social Security offices for potential clients. Their goal&colon; Find undocumented immigrants, take them to a local branch and persuade them to open bank accounts.
Read more
Resecuritization
livinglies.wordpress.com | March 7, 2017 As predicted on my blog back in 2008, we are seeing new names of Trusts emerge in foreclosure cases — involving old loans that were declared in default years ago by parties asserting they represent the alleged servicer of either a named bank or servicer or an old trust. What happened? As our sources had revealed, the alleged trusts had nothing in them and were the source of extreme liability of the Master Servicer acting as underwriter to the investors and third parties who traded in securities based upon the representation that the Trust actually owned the debts of millions of homeowners.

Read more
Citigroup’s Crime Spree Against Americans Continues With Slaps on the Wrist
livinglies.wordpress.com | February 14, 2017 Last week, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) charged two units of the Wall Street mega bank, Citigroup, with insidious fraudulent acts against homeowners while it imposed a modest $28.8 million in relief and penalties. The penalty portion of $7.4 million is meaningless because this is a bank that serially breaks the law, laughs at its regulators, and, most outrageously, it was simultaneously engaging in heinous misdeeds against Americans while the U.S. government was using taxpayer money to bail out its failed business model of brazen financial frauds. The $7.4 million in fines also stands in contrast to the $14.9 billion that Citigroup reported as net income for 2016.

Read more
Governor Cuomo Announces $28 Million Fine Levied Against PHH Mortgage Corporation for Shoddy Mortgage Origination and Servicing Practices 
stopforeclosurefraud.com | November 14, 2016
Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced that PHH Mortgage Corporation and its affiliate, PHH Home Loans LLC, will pay a $28 million fine and engage a third-party auditor as part of a consent order for violations of federal and New York laws designed to protect homeowners. The consent order between the two companies and the Department of Financial Services was reached following a series of examinations that uncovered persistent shortcomings in their mortgage origination and servicing practices, including discrepancies in how mortgage foreclosures were documented and processed.
Read more
False Claims by False Claimants
livinglies.wordpress..com | November 7, 2016
I recently had occasion to respond to an email regarding, as it turned out, understanding the way securitization actually worked, as opposed to what is shown on paper. The topic was "tender." This is what I wrote:
Why would you "tender" money to a party whose claim is obviously false? 
Read more
Casting Doubt on Validity of Servicer Affidavits in Foreclosure Litigation 
livinglies.wordpress.com | November 4, 2016
Most institutional lenders, trusts and large financial institutions that loan money to borrowers or acquire distressed loans use loan servicers to service their loans after the loans are originated or otherwise assigned to them. Loan servicing is the process by which a lender uses a third party to, among other things, collect principal, interest and escrow payments from the borrower in connection with a loan.
Read more
Wells Fargo in Talks With Prosecutors Over Potential Mortgage Abuses 
wsj.com | November 3, 2016
              Wells Fargo & Co. is in talks with a group of federal and state prosecutors examining potential abuses related to mortgages as it continues to grapple with investigations and public outrage from its sales-practices scandal. The bank disclosed in its most recent quarterly securities filing posted Thursday that it is in discussions with the Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities Working Group of the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force. That group, which includes the Justice Department, has levied billions of dollars in fines on other big U.S. banks, including a $16.65 billion payout from Bank of America Corp. and $13 billion from J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.
Read more
Double Blind Foreclosure Scheme is Working for the Banks: States Quietly Resetting Title Across the Board 
livinglies.wordpress.com | November 3, 2016
The plain fact is that if homes were fraudulently foreclosed based upon void fabricated instruments, the foreclosure itself is void. That is what is true under current law. But states like Massachusetts have passed legislation that most homeowners neither know about nor understand. Their rights to possession and title to property that is still legally owned by them (if current law was applied) are again being foreclosed legislatively. This completes the bank scheme in which the TBTF banks received a windfall "profit" in the trillions that really was a double blind fraudulent scheme. Both investors and homeowners alike are the victims while the TBTF banks are the victors.
Read more
CFLA Explains Quiet Title Audits

CFLA Explains Securitization Analysis

Housing advocacy groups call on FHFA, CFPB to investigate “pro-foreclosure” tactics 
livinglies.wordpress.com | October 28, 2016
A consortium of housing advocacy groups is calling on the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to investigate “pro-foreclosure campaigns,” which the groups say are being perpetrated by “Wall Street giants including the largest hedge funds, mortgage bond traders, and insurance companies.”
Read more
Why the Mortgages Cannot Legally Be Enforced 
livinglies.wordpress.com | August 30, 2016 
                From the point of view of Article 9 there can be no foreclosure of a mortgage without the party claiming rights under the mortgage showing that they purchased the mortgage for value.
Read more
Are We Heading for Another Housing Crisis?
money.usnews.com | May 12, 2016
                Ten years ago, a storm was brewing in the housing market. Lenders were handing out mortgages seemingly to anyone who applied, and in many cases, borrowers weren't asked for documentation to prove income. Some institutions rolled out adjustable-rate mortgages that featured teaser rates and were marketed to consumers as loans that could be easily refinanced before the interest rate was scheduled to reset and send payments into the stratosphere.
Read more
California high court opens door to wrongful foreclosure suits 
latimes.com | March 6, 2016 
                During the bust that followed last decade's housing boom, hundreds of thousands of Californians lost their homes to foreclosure. It was a process later found to be rife with problems, such as overwhelmed bank employees who sometimes didn't even read the foreclosure documents in front of them. But challenging foreclosures on the basis of paperwork problems proved to be mostly futile, given California courts had ruled that borrowers who weren't paying their mortgages didn't suffer financial harm.
Read more
The Banks Business Model is Foreclosing on Homeowners 
March 2, 2016 
                Securitization is the reason banks want homeowners to foreclose. When a bank assigns the risk of a loan to the investors (certificate holders) of a Real Estate Investment Conduit Trust (SPV), the “bank” is no longer a traditional bank that gets the benefit of mortgage payments. Mortgage banks give as few modifications as possible and comply minimally with statutes put in place to protect borrowers, all while employing tricks to “cash in” on homeowners’ defaults, pushing them to foreclosure. 
Read more


If You Received a New Mortgage or Refinance between 2005 and the Present Your Mortgage is Null and Void! 
cfla.com | February 3, 2016 
                If you received a new mortgage or refinanced you old mortgage between 2005 and the present and your mortgage was securitized by the Wall Street banks, your mortgage is null and void! We have truth in lending laws and full disclosure laws that are supposed to be front and center at your real estate closing. 
Read more
Goldman Sachs $5B Settlement in Favor of Homeowners
January 20, 2016 
                Find out if your home loan was securitized by Goldman Sachs during years 2005-2007 and thus subject to the $1.8b available for homeowners and consumers in the form of principal reduction or damages.
Read more 

$5.4 Million! Jury Finds Wells Fargo Committed Fraud When It Used Robo-Signed Document 
i-uv.com | December 14, 2015
                Congratulations to the experts and attorneys on this. As Marie McDonnell states in the article reproduced below this case is important because it is the first time that Robo-signing has resulted in an award of damages for fraud. I would add that the lawyers must have done a fine job at trial — because ordinarily we don’t see jury instructions that would support punitive damages for robo-signing. The pages are turning on a new chapter.
Read more 

 
Breaking News
Mich. Foreclosure Law is 'gov't&hyphen;sanctioned thieving'

livinglies.wordpress.com | July 22, 2017
The Supreme Court of the United States (SCOTUS) is being petitioned by several small property owners in Michigan who argue that they were victimized by the state's abusive foreclosure law that allows the local government to steal their property and make hundreds of thousands of dollars in profit off of them. 
Read more
Billions in Student Debt could Disappear Because of Lost Paperwork

livinglies.wordpress.com | July 19, 2017
The latest example of America’s legal system being a total circus might actually help you out–if it doesn’t swindle you over first. 
Read more
More Trump Populism: Hiring a Bank Lawyer to Attack CFPB Bank Rules

livinglies.wordpress.com | July 21, 2017
President Trump and Republicans in Congress have broadcast their every intention to gut the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. The president's budget attempted to defund it and leading Republicans have called for its director to be fired and replaced with a more Wall Street-compliant regulator.
Read more
Ocwen to Shell Out $56 Million in Class-Action Settlement

livinglies.wordpress.com | July 21, 2017
Ocwen Financial Corporation (NYSE: OCN) on Thursday announced that has reached a $56 million settlement over a federal class-action lawsuit, the latest in a line of issues for the troubled servicer.
Read more
NY Times: Student Debt Getting Wiped Out by Fraudulent Claims of Securitization

livinglies.wordpress.com | July 18, 2017
So here is an example of why you need to send a DVL (Debt Validation Letter). It turns out that mainstream media and the court system are much more willing to get into bank fraud as to students than they were when it came to homeowners. The facts are the same.
Read more
As Paperwork Goes Missing, Private Student Loan Debts May Be Wiped Away

The New York Times | July 17, 2017
Tens of thousands of people who took out private loans to pay for college but have not been able to keep up payments may get their debts wiped away because critical paperwork is missing. 
Read more
A Shocking Number of Americans Live in Housing They Can't Afford, According to Harvard Study

livinglies.wordpress.com | July 16, 2017
According to new research by Harvard University, almost 40 million Americans “live in housing they cannot afford.” Homeownership has gone down and rental prices keep going up, meaning that millions of residents are forced to pay more than they reasonably should.
 
Read more
Massive new fraud coverup: How Banks are Pillaging Homes — While the Government Watches

salon.com | April 23, 2014
Joseph and Mary Romero of Chimayo, N.M., found that their mortgage note was assigned to the Bank of New York three months after the same bank filed a foreclosure complaint against them; in other words, Bank of New York didn't own the loan when they tried to foreclose on it.
Read more
Why the Justice Department Fails to Prosecute Executives Hardcover — July 11, 2017

livinglies.wordpress.com | July 12, 2017
Pulitzer Prize&hyphen;winning journalist Jesse Eisinger paints a blistering account of corporate greed and impunity, and the reckless and anemic response from the Department of Justice and Department of Treasury where penalties and fines were only implemented to create the illusion of enforcement.
 
Read more
6th Cir. Bankruptcy Panel Holds Foreclosure Deficiency Judgment May Be Avoided

livinglies.wordpress.com | July 11, 2017
The Bankruptcy Appellate Panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit recently held that a mortgage foreclosure deficiency judgment lien may be avoided under 11 U.S.C. § 522(f)(2), reversing the bankruptcy court's ruling to the contrary.
Read more
It's About to Get a Lot Easier to Sue Your Bank for Screwing You Over — Unless the Republicans Kill the New Regulation

livinglies.wordpress.com | July 11, 2017
It's almost unheard of for the federal government to ban anything done by Wall Street bankers. Maybe the feds ask for banks to provide more disclosure or somehow limit a particularly onerous practice. But a ban, especially in this new era of industry friendliness ushered in by Donald Trump? Yeah, right. 
Read more
Florida Court Rules Bank of America Must Pay Homeowner 6 Years of Attorney Fees on Dismissed Foreclosure Lawsuit

(PR NewsChannel) | June 16, 2016
PALM BEACH Fla. — America's most&hyphen;hated bank lost back&hyphen;to&hyphen;back court motions on Friday when a judge ordered Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) to pay Author TJ Fisher's 2009&hyphen;2014 attorney fees on a dismissed foreclosure lawsuit. The bank's bill is expected to total more than $60,000, court documents reflect. The Goliath bank's recent court loss is unlikely to garner much public sympathy, according to national polls and indexes. The bank consistently tops the list as one of the country's most despised banks and companies.
 
Read more
Proof of Standing Required: Seffar v. Residential Credit Solutions Inc

livinglies.wordpress.com | July 5, 2017
It is NOT enough to ALLEGE standing. They must PROVE it. 
Judges across the country are making mistakes with this simple concept. Standing to SUE is presumed if you allege (in words or by incorporation of 
exhibits) that you have it. Possession of the “original note” can be alleged but at trial the foreclosing party must PROVE (not argue) that 
(1) they have the original note and (2) they have the right to enforce it either because they own it or because they have been authorized by a person who owns 
it or a person who has the right to enforce it. 
 
Read more
HSBC in Talks with US to End Crisis-Era Mortgage Probe

Bloomberg | July 5, 2017
HSBC Holdings Plc is in talks to resolve a US probe into its sale of toxic mortgage bonds a decade ago, according to people familiar with matter, a negotiation that could offer an early look at how the Trump Justice Department will deal with global banks.
 
Read more
Morgan Stanley nears &dollar;400 Million in Consumer Relief for Mortgage Bond Settlement

livinglies.wordpress.com | July 5, 2017
Morgan Stanley is nearly finished with its $400 million consumer relief obligation that is part of the $3.2 billion mortgage bond settlement it reached last year.
 
Read more
10th Circuit Challenges SCOTUS on TILA Rescission — Pohl v US Bank, "Trustee"

livinglies.wordpress.com | July 3, 2017
”Courts are still inventing doctrine out of whole cloth allowing banks to escape liability and responsibility for their wrongful acts. This decision is so far off the charts that it will most certainly be reversed.” 
 
Read more
Recent Case Decision Summaries

livinglies.wordpress.com | June 28, 2017
Excerpted case summaries relevant to foreclosure&colon; 
Read more
MERS and Securitization

by Neil Garfield | June 27, 2017

Investors and borrowers were thus left in a transaction they didn’t know existed and without any documentation to show for it. MERS was essential to 
fill that void with the creation of fabricated written instruments that appear to be facially valid.
Read more
Supreme Court Remands Quicken Loans Lawsuit

by Kyla Asbury | June 27, 2017
Following a five&hyphen;day trial in Raleigh Circuit Court, a jury found Quicken Loans violated the illegal loan provision of 
the West Virginia Residential Mortgage Lender, Broker & Servicer Act in originating a primary mortgage loan for Sue Walters 
and was liable to her for damages in the amount of $27,000. The jury found in favor of Quicken Loans on Walters' claim of 
fraud and further found that Quicken Loans had not acted with malice.
 
Read more
Film Review: 'Abacus&colon; Small Enough to Jail'

by Erin Teachman | June 26, 2017
The fallout of the financial crisis is still being thrashed out in full public view, which makes for a terribly difficult documentary subject; we are a long way from knowing where most of it actually ends. Steve James, 
the documentarian behind The Interrupters, Life Itself, and Hoop Dreams, has found a tiny self&hyphen;
contained story inside the vast umbrella of the financial crisis that only recently found a conclusion&colon; the travails 
of the Sung family, the owners and operators of Abacus Federal Savings Bank, a small bank servicing the Chinese immigrant 
community in New York City.
 
Read more
Detroit Against Foreclosures & For Housing for People, not Banks

by Jerry Goldberg | June 26, 2017
A public forum on June 17 addressed the continuing tax foreclosure crisis in Detroit that has left thousands of families facing imminent eviction from their homes.  The forum was organized by the Coalition to Stop Unconstitutional Property Tax Foreclosures, composed of many community groups including the Moratorium Now! Coalition, Detroit BYP100, the Detroit People's Platform, the United Community Housing Coalition and the American Civil Liberties Union.
 
Read more
Foreclosure Prevention is Paying Off Claim the GSEs

livinglies.wordpress.com | June 25, 2017
The GSEs claim to have prevented more than 49,000 foreclosures in the first quarter, an increase of nearly 5,000 preventions compared to Q4, according to the Federal Housing Finance Agency's Q1 Foreclosure Prevention Report.  Unfortunately, the majority of these loans that were prevented from being foreclosed upon were held by parties that had no evidence of standing or ownership, and therefore had no right to negotiate.
 
Read more
Rising Housing Costs are Putting a Major Squeeze on Americans

livinglies.wordpress.com | June 18, 2017

Nearly 39 million households can’t afford their housing, according to the annual State of the Nation’s Housing Report from Harvard’s Joint Center for Housing Studies.

Read more
What Housing Recovery? Real Home Prices Still 16% Below 2007 Peak 

livinglies.wordpress.com | June 16, 2017

Since the financial crisis, home equity has gone from being America's biggest driver of (illusory) wealth to one of the biggest sources of economic inequality.
 
Read more
Lawsuits Claim Wells Fargo Modified Mortgages Without Customer Permission

The Washington Post | June 15, 2017

Wells Fargo is facing more accusations that it made unauthorized changes to customers accounts — this time to their mortgages.
 
Read more
Wells Fargo Is Accused of Making Improper Changes to Mortgages

The Washington Post | June 15, 2017
Even as Wells Fargo was reeling from a major scandal in its consumer bank last year, officials in the company’s mortgage business were putting through unauthorized changes to home loans held by customers in bankruptcy, a new class action and other lawsuits contend.
Read more
NYT: Wells Fargo Pattern of Filing False Documents with Federal Court

livinglies.wordpress.com | June 15, 2017
It’s nice to see Gretchen Morgenson back on the beat of financial fraud. We need more exposure to what everyone who has battling foreclosures already knows — that virtually all of the documents relied upon by would-be foreclosers are false, fraudulent, fabricated and forged. These revelations appear to be the only way judges will stop allowing presumptions of false facts to dominate their rulings.
 
Read more
$25 Billion Robo Signing Settlement Deal – Get Your Money

Robo signing? Single point of contact? Foreclosure moratorium? These things almost seem like distant past but listen in as we discuss the $25 BILLION settlement the big 5 servicers just signed and how it will impact you.
 
Read more
Document Forgery in Financial Industry More Common than You'd Think, Past Employees Say

livinglies.wordpress.com | May 31, 2017

Requiring proof from the foreclosing party without legal presumptions would reverse many if not most foreclosures.

 
Read more
The Money Trail vs. The Paper Trail Review

livinglies.wordpress.com | May 28, 2017
by KK MacKinstry/Lendinglies.com

Homeowners trying to receive evidence of the money trail are stonewalled from obtaining the documents that would help them to prove their case and prevail.  Discovery is often blocked on ordinary grounds or on the basis of relevance.  Therefore Discovery must be executed with precision, caution and as part of the record.  Both the money trail and the paper trail matter, but revealing the money trail is much more difficult because in that discovery lies the smoking gun.

 
Read more
Overcoming Res Judicata with the Law of Voids

Greg 'da Goose | May 28, 2017
EVERYTHING YOU ALWAYS WANTED TO KNOW ABOUT VOID JUDGMENTS BUT WERE AFRAID TO ASK! Excerpts from VOID JUDGEMENT by Cornforth (215 pps). If you are caught in a situation where you are just learning how to defend yourself after a judgment has already been rendered in your case and you have discovered jurisdictional failures in the plaintiff’s case or worse, instances of fraud by the plaintiff or their attorneys to force the hand of the judge in the case to make an expedient or default judgment… consider these…
 
Read more
PMI Insurance: Coverage, Overcharges, Kickbacks and Maybe a Duty to Mitigate Losses — and Article 3 Standing in a Nutshell

Posted by Neil Garfield | May 24, 2017
Insurance was one of the vehicles by which borrowers were used to create "fees" that were "kicked back" essentially to the Lender or a controlled entity of the Lender. Besides the obvious violation of RESPA, I see another hidden issue — the duty to mitigate damages imposed on all "injured parties."

 
Read more
David Dayen: Why Trump Didn't Have to Obstruct Justice: The US No Longer Holds the Powerful Accountable

livinglies.wordpress.com | May 24, 2017

Administration is in crisis. Successive scandals related to possible collusion with Russia and obstruction of justice have put talk of impeachment in the air. Beyond those parallels to Nixon, anti&hyphen;Trumpers are giddy about the legal pressures building on Michael Flynn, Paul Manafort and a "person of interest" inside the White House, who knowledgeable people assume to be son&hyphen;in&hyphen;law/senior undersecretary for everything Jared Kushner.

 
Read more
The Housing Moment Investors Dread is Here

Posted by Neil Garfield | May 20, 2017
By Danielle DiMartino Booth
Amid the carnage in the auto sector, economists have sought solace in the comforts of home, sweet home. A recent Census release suggests that Millennials, long sidelined, have finally started to tiptoe into the home-buying market. The reception to the data was so effusive that other reports, suggesting housing has reached a much different sort of turning point, were lost in the fray.
 
Read more
Mortgage Crisis 2.0: BofA CEO Wants to Slash Down Payments to Help Poor Millennials

livinglies.wordpress.com | May 20, 2017

Among a host of other issues, one of the critical things that contributed to the housing crisis of 2008 was the fact that speculative borrowers had nearly no “skin in the game.”  Anyone who decided they wanted a piece of the rapidly inflating housing bubble could go out and buy multiple houses with no money down or, in some cases, even do “cash out” purchases whereby banks would finance more than 100% of the purchase price leaving ‘buyers’ to pocket the excess. 
Read more
Fifth Circuit Confirms that Constitutionally Non-Compliant Home Equity Liens are Invalid and that No Statute of Limitations Applies to a Quiet Title Action Alleging Such Violations

Posted by Kane Russell Coleman Logan PC / The Law of Banking
USA | May 18, 2017

The Fifth Circuit recently confirmed that lenders and/or servicers cannot raise the statute of limitations as a defense where borrowers claim that a home equity loan fails to comply with the Texas Constitution. 
In Ocwen Loan Servicing v. Robert M. Berry, the Fifth Circuit vacated and remanded a summary judgment granted in favor of Ocwen Loan Servicing (“Ocwen”) in relation to a Texas home equity loan. 
Read more
Fannie, Freddie Cut Mortgage Modification Interest Rate for First Time in 2017

livinglies.wordpress.com | May 17, 2017


After four months of leaving the benchmark interest rate for standard mortgage modifications (not including HAMP mods) at an 18-month high, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac recently announced that they are cutting the benchmark rate.
 
Read more
Faux Housing Recovery: US Mortgage Applications Tumble Most Since 2016

livinglies.wordpress.com | May 17, 2017


After dismal housing starts and permits data yesterday, the ‘housing recovery’ narrative took another knock this morning as strong>mortgage applications tumbled 4.1% last week – the biggest drop since December 2016.  If the Fed raises rates in June- there will be a further contraction.While mortgage rates were unchanged, both purchases and refis fell notably…
 
Read more
Default, Foreclosure and the Impact on Physical and Mental Health Function

livinglies.wordpress.com | May 15, 2017
by K.K. MacKinstry/LendingLies Blog


Neuroscientists have concluded that chronic stress and cortisol damage the brain.  Although there are no formal studies to date on the health ramifications of default, prolonged litigation, and post-foreclosure trauma, it would be safe to conclude that people who are exposed to chronic stress over an extended period of time are prone to mental issues like anxiety and mood disorders as well as physical illnesses.  The most common mental disorders in protracted litigation are post-traumatic stress disorder, anxiety and depression that unfortunately result in altered brain structure and chemistry.
Read more
Connecticut Issues Cease-And-Desist to Loan Servicing Company

by Kenneth R. Gosselin / Hartford Courant| May 8, 2017
Ocwen Loan Servicing has been hit with temporary cease-and-desist orders by Connecticut and 24 other states for failing to properly manage home loan escrow accounts that set aside funds for payment of property taxes and insurance. State banking regulators in Connecticut have accused Ocwen, a major loan servicer across the country, of not properly managing escrow accounts, which include making tax and insurance payments.
Read more
Most U.S. Homes are Worth Less than Before the Crash

livinglies.wordpress.com | May 6, 2017
You can't blame a homeowner in Fresno, Calif., for viewing the thriving metropolis to its northwest with both envy and dismay.  While San Francisco home values have surged since the recession, Fresno's housing market is stuck in a rut. Less than 3% of homes in the city and its environs have returned to their pre&hyphen;recession peak, according to a new study from Trulia. Median home values are a teeth&hyphen;clenching &dollar;78,000 below their pre&hyphen;recession peak.
Read more
CitiFinancial, CitiMortgage To Pay &dollar;28.8M Over Mortgage Servicing Issues

by Neil Garfield / livinglies.com| May 6, 2017
Millions of consumers lost their homes when the housing market bubble burst. But federal regulators say some of those people may have been able to stay in their homes had mortgage lenders fulfilled their requirements. To that end, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has ordered two Citigroup subsidiaries to pay &dollar;28.8 million to resolve allegations that some of its mortgage units harmed home borrowers.
Read more

Hang On! More Properties Underwater in the First Quarter: Attom

by Neil Garfield / livinglies.com| May 5, 2017
Seasonal factors contributed to an 89,000&hyphen;unit increase in the number of seriously delinquent properties in the first quarter from the fourth quarter of 2016. The quarter ended with nearly 5.5 million homes seriously underwater, compared with 5.4 million at the end of the fourth quarter and 6.7 million for the first quarter of 2016.
Read more
Flint Sends Foreclosure Notices to 8,000 Residents Who Refused to Pay for Contaminated Water

livinglies.wordpress.com| May 4, 2017
The ongoing saga of lead&dash;contaminated water in Flint, Michigan, got yet another layer on May 4, when 8,002 residents received foreclosure notices for failure to pay their water bills, according to the Washington Post.  The notices came a few weeks after the city ended a program that assisted residents in paying bills for their contaminated water.
Read more
Wells Fargo Targeted Undocumented Immigrants, Stalked Street Corners, Lawsuit Claims

Kristine Phillips | May 4, 2017
On "Hit the Streets Thursday&comma;" Wells Fargo bankers and tellers, specifically those of Latino descent&comma; scouted the streets and Social Security offices for potential clients. Their goal&colon; Find undocumented immigrants, take them to a local branch and persuade them to open bank accounts.
Read more
Cities May Sue Banks Over Foreclosure, Industry Reacts
 by Neil Garfield / livinglies.com | May 1, 2017
Author: Seth Welborn
In a 5-3 decision on Monday, the U.S. Supreme Court determined that cities can sue banks over lost tax revenue on foreclosed properties from urban blight. Law360 reported that Miami has the standing to sue Bank of America Corp. and Wells Fargo & Co. under the Fair Housing Act, stating that the banks' discriminatory and predatory lending practices led to a major shortfall in city tax revenues. 
Read more
GSE Bill would allow Homeowners to submit FOIAs to Fannie and Freddie while under Federal Conservatorship
             by K. K. MacKinstry.com | April 25, 2017
             Anyone who is trying to find out information about the trust ownership of their loan, knows that if Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac are involved- your research hits a stone wall. 
Read more
Powell v. Wells Fargo: The Party Seeking Foreclosure must Demonstrate that it has Standing to Foreclose
livinglies.wordpress.com | April 25, 2017
             In this case the Bank was required to prove a chain of transfers starting with the indorsee, GreenPoint Mortgage to the current servicer.  The Bank failed to prove the series of transactions through which it purportedly acquired the note from the indorsee and the judge ordered an involuntary dismissal.  However, because this is Florida and statute of limitations are not upheld, it is likely that Wells Fargo will have time to regroup, create a new strategy, and file to foreclose again on the tortured homeowners.
Read more
Hearsay Trap for Borrowers
             Livinglies.com | April 12, 2017
             This case shows that hearsay evidence is admitted as long as it is a bank claiming an exemption.
Read more
Wells Fargo Former Execs to Repay 75m in Bonuses but Bypass Criminal Charges Apply
             livinglies.wordpress.com | April 11, 2017
             Former CEO John Stumpf (a major crook in the subprime scandal) was previously fined $41m out of the $200m he made overseeing a complex fraud scheme that stole the identities of  over 2,000,000 Wells Fargo customers  and will now have to repay another $28m, but will not face criminal charges.
Read more
Deutsche Bank Survives on Investor Life-Support
livinglies.wordpress.com | April 11, 2017
             Deutsche Bank announced that it will create more shares and sell them at a 35% discount.  Existing shareholders are not happy and in the first four days since the offer was announced, the value of existing shares dropped by 13% as shareholders began sharing off their shares.
Read more
Plaintiffs Challenge Federal Judge's Ruling of res judicata in Foreclosure Case
by Nicholas Malfitano | April 10, 2017
             On Feb. 27, Judge Cynthia M. Rufe of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District Court of Pennsylvania ruled to dismiss the federal litigation brought forward by plaintiffs Kathleen and Harry Keyser against defendants Stern & Eisenberg P.C., Edward J. Donnelly, Christina C. Viola, Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC, Francis S. Hallinan and U.S. Bank National Association.
Read more
New York Law: New Requirement on Lenders in Foreclosure Process Is Constitutional
              New York Law Journal | April 08, 2017
              A new law in New York that says lenders' legal representatives must bring all the necessary documentation to foreclosure settlement conferences with mortgage holders has been upheld by a judge.
Read more
New York Judge finds foreclosure time-barred and cancels Mortgage
livinglies.wordpress.com | April 01, 2017
              Unlike Florida where there is no statue of limitations and every missed mortgage payment resets the clock, New York enforces the statute of limitations for debt collection including mortgages.
Read more





Resecuritization
livinglies.wordpress.com | March 7, 2017 As predicted on my blog back in 2008, we are seeing new names of Trusts emerge in foreclosure cases — involving old loans that were declared in default years ago by parties asserting they represent the alleged servicer of either a named bank or servicer or an old trust. What happened? As our sources had revealed, the alleged trusts had nothing in them and were the source of extreme liability of the Master Servicer acting as underwriter to the investors and third parties who traded in securities based upon the representation that the Trust actually owned the debts of millions of homeowners.

Read more






Citigroup’s Crime Spree Against Americans Continues With Slaps on the Wrist
livinglies.wordpress.com | February 14, 2017 Last week, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) charged two units of the Wall Street mega bank, Citigroup, with insidious fraudulent acts against homeowners while it imposed a modest $28.8 million in relief and penalties. The penalty portion of $7.4 million is meaningless because this is a bank that serially breaks the law, laughs at its regulators, and, most outrageously, it was simultaneously engaging in heinous misdeeds against Americans while the U.S. government was using taxpayer money to bail out its failed business model of brazen financial frauds. The $7.4 million in fines also stands in contrast to the $14.9 billion that Citigroup reported as net income for 2016.

Read more
What is the CFPB and what does it offer consumers? 
livinglies.wordpress.com | February 14, 2017 
                The new Presidential administration will soon dissect the Dodd-Frank Act, a group of regulations the Obama administration developed in response to the 2008 financial crisis. Some political analysts expect them to disband the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). So what exactly is it, and what does it do for consumers?
Read more
What is the CFPB and what does it offer consumers? 
livinglies.wordpress.com | February 14, 2017 
                The new Presidential administration will soon dissect the Dodd-Frank Act, a group of regulations the Obama administration developed in response to the 2008 financial crisis. Some political analysts expect them to disband the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). So what exactly is it, and what does it do for consumers?
Read more
Can you really call it a loan when the money came from a thief? 
livinglies.wordpress.org | February 8, 2017 
                The banks were not taking risks. They were making risks and profiting from them. Or another way of looking at it is that with their superior knowledge they were neither taking nor making risks; instead they were creating the illusion of risk when the outcome was virtually certain.
Read more
Trump’s Treasury pick says his bank didn’t ‘robo-sign.’ These court papers say it did.
thinkprogress.org | February 8, 2017 
              Before he was picked by President Trump to lead the Treasury Department, Steve Mnuchin ran a bank named OneWest, which foreclosed on tens of thousands of homeowners under his leadership. After his Senate hearing, he was asked specifically about the practice of robo-signing, which entails mortgage officials rapidly signing off on hundreds or thousands of foreclosure documents without verifying that the information is accurate or giving it a thorough review as required by law. Thus a bank can speed up the foreclosure process and, in some cases, get courts to let it take possession of a property with a full trial.
Read more
THE BIGGER PICTURE: Foreclosure fight 
fltimes.com | February 8, 2017
In 1998, Leanne Labadee bought a three-unit home on Ogden Street in Penn Yan for $75,000. The 50-year-old faithfully paid her mortgage every month, the majority of the time with money orders. She never missed a payment.
Read more
RESCISSION: It’s time for another slap on the wrist for state and federal judges 
livinglies.wordpress.org | February 6, 2017 
50 years ago Congress decided to slap punitive measures on lenders who ignore or attempt to go around (table-funded loans) existing laws on required disclosures --- instead of creating a super agency that would review every loan closing before it could be consummated. So it made the punishment so severe that only the stupidest lenders would attempt to violate Federal law. That worked for a while --- until the era of securitization fail. (Adam Levitin's term for illusion under the cloak of false securitization).
Read more
Are mortgage-backed securities backed by any guarantees? 
tradebuddy.online.com | January 31, 2017 
Actually, any mortgage-backed security (MBS) guarantee depends on who issued it. To review, an MBS is a security, created through the process of securitization, in which the underlying assets are loans made to individuals and companies who are using the funds to purchase buildings and homes. The mortgages are secured to the lender by the properties purchased by the borrowers and are often backed by some form of homeowners’ insurance. However, this insurance will only protect the issuer of the mortgages (mortgagee), and not the owners of an MBS that is issued using the same underlying mortgage. Therein lies part of the risk to MBS investors.
Read more
TILA RESCISSION: Who Pays the Money? 
livinglies.wordpress.com | January 31, 2017 
              The menu of items that are due to the borrower as a condition precedent to making a claim for repayment is expansive and frankly in many cases is equivalent or nearly equivalent to the total amount of the principal claimed as loan repayment. 
Read more
Federal Reserve Bankers Mocked Unemployed Americans Behind Closed Doors 
theintercept.com | January 29, 2017 
In 2011, unemployment was at a near crisis level. The jobless rate was stuck around 9 percent nationally, an unusually high number due to the continuing effects of the financial crash. House Democrats were aghast. “With almost five unemployed Americans for every job opening, too many people remain jobless because of a lack of work, not a lack of wanting to work,” said Congressman Lloyd Doggett, D-Tex. So in early November 2011, they introduced a bill to reauthorize Federal unemployment benefits, an insurance program designed to aide those looking for work.
Read more
ServiceLink fined $65 million for LPS foreclosure deficiencies 
housingwire.com | January 26, 2017 
In 2011, Lender Processing Services was part of a massive settlement with the government over industry-wide foreclosure misconduct that occurred after the housing crash. That settlement stemmed from document missteps in the third-party foreclosure process at some very large banks and mortgage servicers in the aftermath of the subprime crisis.
Read more
Mnuchin Lied About His Bank’s History of Robo-Signing Foreclosure Documents
theintercept.com | January 26, 2017 
Treasury secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin lied in his written responses to the Senate Finance Committee, claiming that “OneWest Bank did not ‘robo-sign’ documents,” when ample evidence proves that they did. Mnuchin ran OneWest Bank from 2009 to 2015 in a manner so ruthless to mortgage holders that he has been dubbed the “Foreclosure King” by his critics.
Read more
Citi Plan to Force foreclosures Exposed and Fined $29 Million
livinglies.wordpress.org | January 25, 2017 
This is one instance in which the industry practice of tricking borrowers into foreclosure becomes crystal clear. The case is also instructive on the terms of so-called "modifications." The goal in all instances is to use every means at their disposal to trick the borrower into waiving rights and falling into the abyss of foreclosure without any appropriate disclosures.
Read more
CHECKLIST — FDCPA Damages and Recovery: Revisiting the Montana S Ct Decision in Jacobson v Bayview
livinglies.wordpress.org | January 20, 2017 
What is unique and instructive about this decision from the Montana Supreme Court is that it gives details of each and every fraudulent, wrongful and otherwise illegal acts that were committed by a self-proclaimed servicer and the "defective" trustee on the deed of trust. You need to read the case to see how many different times the same court in the same case awarded damages, attorney fees and sanctions against Bayview who persisted in their behavior even after the judgment was entered.
Read more
Western Union to Pay $586 Million in US Fraud Settlement 
databreachtoday.com | January 20, 2017 
Western Union will pay $586 million to settle U.S. civil and criminal cases that alleged the company turned a blind eye for years to criminals who used its money transfer network to commit fraud. In one of the most serious accusations, the Department of Justice alleged that Western Union knew for at least five years that its agents were accommodating funds transfers connected with human smuggling.
Read more
Moody’s Settlement with SEC Does Nothing for Homeowners 
livinglies.wordpress.org | January 20, 2017 
These settlements are a slap in the face to homeowners who were forced into battle with an over-reaching enemy supported by the government. We have acknowledgements of wrongdoing here by Moody's with respect to injury suffered by investors. But if the homeowners were not signing the false documents (the "loan contract") there would have been no "loans" and there would be no "derivatives", i.e., "securities" deriving their value from inactive or nonexistent trusts who issued certificates masked as "mortgage bonds."
Read more
Harmed by Navient? What student loan borrowers need to know
usatoday.com | January 20, 2017 
              The U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is suing Navient Corp., the nation’s largest student loan servicer, accusing it of “systematically and illegally failing borrowers at every stage of repayment,” according to a press release Wednesday. The CFPB is asking Navient to compensate the borrowers the agency says were harmed.
Read more
True Costs Of Foreclosure, Property Abandonment Extend Across Neighborhoods And Communities 
finance.yahoo.com | January 17, 2017 
CLEVELAND, Jan. 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A groundbreaking analysis of the true costs associated with the nation's housing crisis quantifies for the first time the substantial and numerous impacts foreclosures and vacant and abandoned properties have on homeowners and their communities. Even based on conservative estimates, the typical foreclosed home imposes costs of more than $170,000, according to a study commissioned by Community Blight Solutions and its Founder & Chairman, Robert Klein.
Read more
Lawsuit Seeking Disgorgement Might Not Be Barred by Statute of Limitations 
livinglies.wordpress..com | January 15, 2017 
What is apparent here is that the Courts are coming to terms with the possibility that those relying upon a statute of limitation as a defense to various claims might NOT be protected by an otherwise applicable statute of limitations. The premise enunciated in a decision that seeks affirmation from the U.S. Supreme Court, is that disgorgement is not monetary damages or a penalty. It is an equitable finding that a party has been unjustly enriched and therefore has no present right to hold onto ill-gotten gains. The decision could result in elimination of the statute of limitations as a defense for the banks.
Read more
California Attorney General's Office Announces $150 Million Settlement with Financial Services Company Moody's For Inflating Mortgage-Backed Securities Ratings 
highlandnews.net | January 15, 2017 
              LOS ANGELES – Acting Attorney General Kathleen A. Kenealy, along with the U.S. Department of Justice and the attorneys general of 20 other states and the District of Columbia, today announced an $863.8 million settlement with Moody's Corporation (Moody's), a business and financial services company, to resolve federal and state civil claims related to the company’s misconduct in inflating ratings of residential mortgage-backed securities.
Read more
Chase-WAMU Letter Reveals "Expungement" and "Assignments" of Alleged Mortgages Not on the Books and Records of WAMU 
livinglies.wordpress..com | January 11, 2017 
There is an old saying on Wall Street that "Bulls make money, Bears make money but Pigs never do." The obvious circumstances of Chase claiming ownership to nonexistent loan portfolios contained within WAMU coupled with the admission in this letter to the FDIC, shows just how arrogant Chase felt when they informed the FDIC that they wanted to get paid by the FDIC for expunging documents and fabricating other instruments for "loans" that were not on the books and records of WAMU at the time of their purchase and sale agreement wherein Chase acquired the WAMU estate.
Read more
MERS/GMAC Note and Mortgage Discharged 
livinglies.wordpress..com | January 10, 2017 
If only all courts would entertain the possibility that everything presented to them should be the subject of intense scrutiny, 90%+ of all foreclosures would have been eliminated. Imagine what the country would look like today if the mortgages and fraudulent foreclosures failed.
Read more
Steve Mnuchin’s Bank 'Robo-Signed' 6,000 Foreclosures a Week 
forward.com | January 7, 2017 
Steve Mnuchin’s financial skeletons could come back to haunt him as   he tries to win confirmation as President-elect Donald Trump’s Secretary   of the Treasury. A leaked memo from the California Attorney General’s   office that alleges his bank routinely violated the state’s laws in   foreclosing on homes.
Read more
Fannie Mae Announces New Foreclosure Prevention Program 
fanniemae.com | January 7, 2017
WASHINGTON, DC – Fannie Mae (FNMA/OTC) announced today its Flex Modification foreclosure prevention program, which is designed to help America’s families by offering reductions to their monthly mortgage payments. The Flex Modification leverages components of Fannie Mae’s Home Affordable Modification Program (HAMP®), which is set to expire at the end of this year, and the Fannie Mae Standard and Streamlined Modifications, which will be replaced by the Flex Modification in late 2017.
Read more
Breaking News Archive
 
Letters From The Editor
Navient lawsuit: what student loan borrowers need to know 
huffingtonpost.com | February 12, 2017
                The U.S.   Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is suing Navient Corp., the   nation’s largest student loan servicer, accusing it of “systematically   and illegally failing borrowers at every stage of repayment,” according   to a press release from January 18. The CFPB is asking Navient to compensate the borrowers the agency says were harmed.
Read more
David Collins v. Paul Financial, LLC, et al
February 12, 2017
Please find notice of a hearing to be held in the Los Angeles County Superior Court at Burbank on February 24th at 10:30 AM. I urge you all to attend and to bring family, friends, foreclosure victims, advocates and anyone you can think of to pack the courtroom. 
Read more
MARCIA SWIFT beats ANDY BEAL - We won our motion in Federal Court against Beal 
January 29, 2017 
BIG WIN for homeowner against the almighty BILLIONAIRE ANDY BEAL. This case labels ANDY BEAL's  SECOND SUIT in federal court against the homeowner (while state ct case is still pending) was  VEXATIOUS AND CONTRIVED. 
Read more
The Return of Non-Prime U.S. RMBS (What Investors Need to Know) 
fitchratings.com | January 25, 2017 
A new non-prime mortgage market is beginning to emerge in the U.S., almost 10 years after the subprime and Alt-A mortgage markets shut down amid dramatic underperformance. Fitch Ratings expects a notable increase in newly originated non-prime RMBS activity in 2017, though on a significantly smaller scale and with a higher credit quality than pre-crisis origination volume.
Read more
Databank of CHF (JPMC) Robo-signers in California
December 7, 2016
ATTENTION CALIFORNIA HOMEOWNERS!!!!!!!!  Are you a current, or were you California homeowner (between 2004 and present)?  Was CHASE “HOME FINANCE, LLC” (“CHF”) now known as “JP MORGAN CHASE, N.A. (“JPMC”)” your lender, or loan servicer, or trust’s trustee? Did you receive any assignment(s) and/or substitution(s) of trustee from any source while CHF was the lender, or servicer, or the trust’s trustee? 
Read more
CFPB increases foreclosure protections 
journal.firsttuesday.us | November 22, 2016
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) has released new rules for mortgage servicers to follow when responding to mortgage delinquencies and pursuing foreclosure. Beginning October 19, 2017, mortgage servicers are to offer homeowners foreclosure protections more than once if the need for protection arises numerous times.
Read more
New tool searches judge stats | Artificial intelligence predicts case outcomes | Cybersecurity insurance a 'must have' 
October 26, 2016 
This Month's Featured Technology Stories - ABA Journal Tech Monthly
Read more
More legislation to help the BANKING CARTEL 
October 25, 2016 
For nonjudicial foreclosures which are resolved (e.g., reinstatement, foreclosure alternative, etc.) after the notice of default (NOD) is recorded, but before posting the notice of trustee’s sale (NOTS), the maximum base trustee’s fee has been increased.
Read more
Did you ever wonder why YOU VICTIMS got checks for $100 for restitution from the banking cartel settlements with CORRUPT DOJ? 
judicialwatch.org | October 25, 2016 
                The Department of Justice (DOJ) keeps giving radical leftist groups that support President Obama huge amounts of cash collected from big banks to settle discrimination and mortgage abuse lawsuits filed by the government.
Read more
Latest Case on TILA RESCISSION NOTE: Disagreement Among Circuits Perhaps Ripe for USSC Review Remanded 
justia.com | October 20, 2016 
                After plaintiff began missing loan   payments on a house she bought in Long Beach, ReconTrust initiated a   non-judicial foreclosure. In this case, the lender was Countrywide, the borrower   was plaintiff and the trustee was ReconTrust. Plaintiff subsequently filed suit   alleging that ReconTrust violated the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act   (FDCPA), 15 U.S.C. 1692e(2)(A), by sending her notices that misrepresented the   amount of debt she owed. 
Read more
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau structure ruled unconstitutional 
usatoday.com | October 12, 2016 
                A federal appeals court Tuesday declared the structure of the federal Consumer Financial    Protection Bureau unconstitutional, a decision that marks a major setback for one of the    signature safeguards created after the U.S. financial crisis.
Read more
Must Always Allege Damages and Specifically How You Were Harmed 
justia.com | October 7, 2016 
                Here, borrower should have alleged "cloud on title" impairs his ability to market the home for sale.
Read more
Judge rejected in its entirety the government's argument to hide Fannie & Freddie docs (follow-up) 
October 7, 2016 
                This document may help explain why no one has been convicted of a crime in the mortgage scandal. 
Read more
Letters From The Editor  Complete Article Listing 
 
Products, Services & Training Classes 

Click here if you are a Homeowner


Click here if you are an Attorney or Real Estate Professional 


Click here to read Real Quiet Title Case

"Chase agreed to settle for only PART of the property tax owed. The bankruptcy court approved the settlement agreement so It is a done deal. Once I submitted your audit, in my amended objection to their proof of claim, they started talking about a settlement. Anyway, I am interested in taking your three day course at a future date. Thanks again."
                —David Schaar
CFLA offers attorneys  full foreclosure audits and strategies. Our expertise are Bloomberg Securitization Audits as well as complete turn-key Quiet Title Litigation solutions for licensed attorneys to competently sue lenders for state & federal Violations to either stop foreclosure,  obtain legal damages, or  both.
 CFLA.com and CFLA Training Academy are  professional auditing firms as well as the Nation's Leading Experts in Mortgage Securitization and Training. Certified Forensic Loan Auditors is a nationally recognized leader in the Foreclosure Defense Industry.
Attorney State Bar Approved Continuing Education Training Classes (CLEs) are taught by trained CFLA industry experts. Our CLEs have been approved by the State Bars of TX, CA, FL, NV, NY, GA,  and Hawaii. Bankruptcy Practice, Foreclosure Defense Strategies,  Principal Reductions through Strategic Litigation,  Mortgage Securitization in Litigation, and the Homeowners Bill of Rights are among the subjects presented during our CLE classes. CFLA keynote speakers include: Patricia Rodriguez, Esq;  John Fretz, Esq; Andrew P. Lehman, J.D.; Divina Westerfield, Esq.; Regis Sauger, Charles Christmas, Esq; Timothy O’Reilly, Esq.; Amar Gupta, Esq.; and others.
Certified Forensic Loan Auditors also has created a Nationally Recognized Analyst Training Certification Course. Mortgage securitization and forensic loan auditing are presented during our professional 24-hr how-to class. There have been nearly 1,000 executive level professionals who have graduated from this program since 2009 in each of the following States: CA, NV, IL, NY, NJ, WA, DC, MD, GA, and FL.
Foreclosure Defense or Contract Dispute Litigation attorneys—contact us today to advertise your law firm via Sponsored Link Ads on our site.
Our Foreclosure Defense Litigation services include Mortgage Securitization Audits, Forensic Loan Audits, and Litigation Packages are among the full turn-key litigation support services provided to law firms and legal professionals.
 
Nation's Only Loan Analyst Certification Class—Register Immediately Seating is Limited

Online Mortgage Securitization Analyst Training Class
                August 19-20, 2017 


 
Student Testimonials 



CFLA is the recognized leader throughout the U.S. as  experts  in Mortgage Securitization and Training. As founders and creators of this industry, we have long set the bar for expectations of a Auditing Company. Our experienced staff of Certified Auditors, Licensed Attorneys, Officers, and Employees are committed to continue to grow this entire industry and uncover hidden trade secrets to expose Banking Institutions of Predatory Lending, Mortgage Fraud and Securitzaiton Fraud.
 
CFLA Explains Quiet Title Package 
CFLA performs tailor-made litigation support for every jurisdiction. 
Click here to see all Samples Associated with the Quiet Title Package 




 
In 2007, CFLA was founded by the Nation’s Leading Foreclosure Defense Attorneys to serve the Foreclosure Defense Industry and fight pervasive Bank Fraud and Institutional Fraud. CFLA united some of the best minds in the legal and technological fields to make this vision a reality. The result is CFLA—the foremost, nationally recognized legal brand for law firms, attorneys, and small business across the United States.  Since opening our virtual doors, CFLA has rapidly expanded to become the premier online legal destination for small businesses and consumers. As the company continues to grow, we continue to hold true to our original vision. For us, putting the law within reach of millions of people is more than just a novel idea—it's our founding principle.
Call us today to obtain samples of work product, including Bloomberg Securitization Audits, Litigation Support, Quiet Title Packages, and to get more information about our Nationally Accredited and Industry Acclaimed Forensic Loan Analyst Training Certification Classes (3 days). The Nation’s Only Certification Training Class for Analyts in this industry!
 
 What is a Securitization Audit?




 
NEW CASE: Glaski Securitization Audits Can Prove Wrongful Foreclosure in California
Read more.
 
Mortgage Securitization Analyst Training
Certified Forensic Loan Auditors, LLC. has created a complete training certification program entitled: Mortgage Securitization Analyst "MSA"- A 20-hour in-person intensive seminar held across the country.
Read More
 

 
"To simply assert mortgage fraud is one thing. But to provide the evidence that will stand up in court is another. CFLA has done an excellent job providing home owners and legal professionals the necessary & essential tools to prove a case on behalf of home owners. I have observed the growth and development of CFLA over the last several years. I am grateful for the dedication and commitment to excellence demonstrated by Andrew Lehman, the founder and chairman of CFLA and his network of legal professionals. Whether you are challenged with debt or wanting to help those who are, CFLA provides the clear and simple learning that empowers you with a new perspective & alternative remedies."
                —Greg Johnson 



 
 













Like us on Facebook 



Follow us on Twitter 



View our YouTube Videos 



Connect to us on Linkedin 





 


 
 











Phone: 888-758-CFLA (2352) 

Mobile Users: Click to call  
Click here to email us
Contact us or view our Sample Documents & Audits by completing the form below.













 First & Last Name: 





 Your Email: 





 Phone Number: 





 Message/Interest: 





 Enter the message as it's shown  *  


  











 Submit Form 



 Should be Empty:
                              








 

 
Products & Services Available
Click here for our Complete List of Products & Services
 

 
 Expert Witness Package 
              Mortgage Securitization Auditors, trained by CFLA, have been admitted as Expert Witnesses in nearly every jurisdiction nationwide and have a minimum of 10 years of industry related experience, 40 Hours of Classroom Training on Mortgage Securitization, and have been certified through our Nationally Recognized “Mortgage Securitization Analyst Training Certification Class.” 
Read more

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



See our Ad in the Scotsman Guide:








   




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 


Certified Forensic Loan Auditors, LLC
            13101 West Washington Blvd.
            Suite 444
            Los Angeles, CA 90066


Phone: 888-758-CFLA (2352) 
             Mobile Users: CLICK TO CALL
info@certifiedforensicloanauditors.com



 





 







 




CFLA IS NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY LEGAL ADVICE. CFLA DOES NOT OFFER FORECLOSURE CONSULTING OR FORECLOSURE RELIEF 
            SERVICES. CFLA DOES NOT OFFER OR ASSIST WITH ANY LOAN MODIFICATION SERVICE. CFLA ALWAYS RECOMMENDS THAT CLIENTS RETAIN COMPETENT COUNSEL IN THEIR RESPECTIVE JURISDICTION. CFLA HAS A FREE PROGRAM TO REFER CFLA CLIENTS TO LAW FIRMS IN NEARLY EVERY STATE AND CFLA 
            DOES NOT CHARGE OR OBTAIN REFERRALS FEES FOR THESE SERVICES. SERVICES NOT OFFERED TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF NEVADA.  




Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Disclaimer
SERVICES
Careers
Contact Us


 


 

    COPYRIGHT © 2007-2016 CFLA ™  All rights reserved
				




 

















