




Hedge Funds: 
  Eastbay Capital











Hedge Funds
Public Info on a Private Industry




Funds
Books
Contact





Eastbay Capital





Read About Hedge Funds








Key Facts

HeadquartersNew York, NY
Employees9
AUM$1.1 billion
AUM as ofMarch 30, 2016
Clients6











Overview
  Eastbay Capital is a hedge fund based in New York, NY.
   It was founded in 12/2014.
  They hold $1.1 billion in assets under management as of March 30, 2016.
  Read their Plain English Brochure.

Sub Funds and Performance


NameAUM (bn)
Type
Min Investment
Num Clients
Internal $ %
Fund of Funds $ %
Prime Brokers


Eastbay Focus Fund, LP 0.008
hedge fund
500,000
5
9.0

Morgan Stanley


Eastbay Master Fund, LP 0.798
hedge fund
500,000
110
2.0
57.0
Morgan Stanley, UBS




Key People


NameTitlePositionOwnership


 Hanif DhananiChief Operating Officer And Chief Compliance Officer
Owner or OfficerNone


 Steven LandryManaging Member
Owner or Officer50-75%


 Adam WolfbergManaging Member
Owner or Officer50-75%












    Copyright © 2016 Track Hedge Funds.  
    
      
      Login

















 




EASTBAY FOCUS FUND, LP - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











EASTBAY FOCUS FUND, LP  Funding details


EASTBAY FOCUS FUND, LP Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001623036Address: EASTBAY ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC 650 FIFTH AVENUE, SUITE 1640 NEW YORK 10019Phone number: 212-702-7162



Latest news
EASTBAY FOCUS FUND, LP raised $7,628,415 from 8 investors on 2016-10-17.



EASTBAY FOCUS FUND, LP Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-17Amended Form DIndefinite$7,628,415Indefinite$500,000806b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2015-10-23Amended Form DIndefinite$7,598,497Indefinite$500,000506b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2014-10-24New Form DIndefinite$7,000,000Indefinite$500,000106b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]
EASTBAY FOCUS FUND, LP raised $7,628,415 in total.



Directors and Executives of EASTBAY FOCUS FUND, LP
Key People in EASTBAY FOCUS FUND, LP:

Adam WolfbergSteve Landry-- EastBay General Partner, LLC-- EastBay Asset Management LLC-- EastBay General Partner LLC
Similar companiesEastBay Onshore Fund LP, EastBay Offshore Fund, Ltd.








Last visited companies: Metatomix Inc, Mission Oaks Bancorp, Montecito Venture Partners LLC, Morris Global Strategies (Cayman), Ltd., NEOSTIM INC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

























 







EASTBAY FOCUS FUND, LP - Pooled Investment Fund- East Bay Asset Management Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









EASTBAY FOCUS FUND, LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Eastbay Asset Management Llc 650 Fifth Avenue, Suite 1640 
    New York, NY, 10019Phone: 212-702-7162 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-17


Amended


$7,628,415


$29,918


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2015-10-23


Amended


$7,598,497


$598,497


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2014-10-24


New


$7,000,000


$7,000,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 East Bay Asset Management Llc 
 Executive, Promoter 


 East Bay General Partner Llc 
 Executive, Promoter 


 East Bay General Partner, Llc 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Steve Landry 
 Executive 


 Adam J. Wolfberg 
 Executive 













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿

Company Profile








































 











 Add Company


Sign in with 
Sign in with 




















Add Company


Add Event


Sign in with 


Sign in with 


Android


iPhone









Companies
Events



 Company
 Events






















Message this company



Message the business




































Message this company


Message the business 













 Post your social media updates






































Network























































































Would you like BusinessVibes to send this message to similar companies in this industry?















Profile Visits

Prev. Visits :
Total :
Current :







Share and improve this company’s performance.
Boost this company’s visibility by sharing it with your contacts






About Company
Financial Details













 























































































































X

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free










*



*











Already a BusinessVibes member? Login




What kind of updates will I receive?
 Latest business listings as they become available
 Current trends that are making noise in your industry
 Reports and articles about your market pushed directly to you
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app


Access to full profiles can help you
 Instantly contact businesses directly
 Pursue and qualify leads for your business
 Research and find business offerings that you seek
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app








X

We're glad that you're back. Simply Login and unlock full profile



Easy one click Login Don't worry, we never post without your permission.


- - - - - - - - Or - - - - - - - -
Already an active user? Login with your email



*



*
Forgot password?




New to BusinessVibes? Sign up






X


Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free




























Already in BusinessVibes? Login




Access to open trade requests can help you
 Find products and services early
 Less Competition for trade requests
 More cost-effective than traditional trade requests







 














 





Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















EASTBAY FOCUS FUND, LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      EASTBAY FOCUS FUND, LP
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Eastbay Focus Fund is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-17. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 2



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from EASTBAY FOCUS FUND, LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




eastbay focus fund, lp


EASTBAY ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10019


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      212-702-7162







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 10/17/2016
D/A filed on 10/23/2015
D filed on 10/24/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-17
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
7,628,415
INDEFINITE


2014-10-24
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
7,000,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




-- --  EASTBAY ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



-- --  EASTBAY GENERAL PARTNER LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          PROMOTER
      



-- --  EASTBAY GENERAL PARTNER, LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          PROMOTER
      



ADAM J.  WOLFBERG

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



STEVE   LANDRY

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















         Eastbay Reviews and Store Ratings | Bizrate                                                      Suggestions        shop by categories            Appliances Automotive Babies & Kids Books & Magazines Clothing & Accessories  Computers & Software DVDs & Videos Digital Cameras Electronics Furniture  Gifts, Flowers & Food Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Laptop Computers  Music Musical Instruments Office Supplies Pet Supplies Sports Equipment  Toys & Games Video Games Women's Shoes  see all categories            Home › Store Ratings › Eastbay      Eastbay Reviews and Store Ratings | Bizrate   Eastbay Reviews                 Most Current Certification:  07/27/2017       Eastbay Ratings and User Reviews. Eastbay is rated 9.0 out of 10 from 15579 reviews. Last rated on 07/10/2017.    Eastbay Online offers a large selection of athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, and licensed and private label products. Product offerings cover all sports ranging from basketball to cheerleading, hiking to wrestling and football to volleyball. Site features include weekly specials, online catalog request, and ordering information in both English and Japanese.        2016 Winner Circle of Excellence   4 years               Eastbay Rating             More About Eastbay         Overall Satisfaction:     9.0 out of 10  Would Shop Here Again:     9.0 out of 10  Likelihood To Recommend:     9.1 out of 10            Overall Rating           Past 3 Months           Past Month         Positive 80% 81%     Neutral 16% 15%      Negative 4% 4%          Ease of Finding What You Are Looking For:         9.1 out of 10   Design of Site:         9.1 out of 10   Satisfaction With Checkout:         9.3 out of 10   Product Selection:         9.2 out of 10   Clarity of Product Information:         9.2 out of 10   Charges Stated Clearly:         9.3 out of 10   Price Relative To Other Online Retailers:         8.9 out of 10   Shipping Charges:         8.9 out of 10   Variety of Shipping Options:         9 out of 10         On-Time Delivery:         9.2 out of 10   Order Tracking:         9.2 out of 10   Product Met Expectations:         9.1 out of 10   Customer Support:         8.8 out of 10   Product Availability:         8.9 out of 10   Returns Process:         7.2 out of 10                Recent Reviews for Eastbay  Showing 1 - 20 of 15579 Reviews                         Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                               Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:               On Time Delivery:               Customer Support:    Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 10, 2017                            Jul 27, 2017  Have bought many shoes from Eastbay, love it, Thankyou                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                               Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:               On Time Delivery:               Customer Support:    Full ratings for this review »                di                           Jun 23, 2017            Promotion is important factor who buy an items across the borders. (I lived in south Korea)It'd be great if Eastbay gives more promotion chances for purchaser.                   Jul 27, 2017                                Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Kj                           Jul 27, 2017            Great company been liking them for years                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                               Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:               On Time Delivery:               Customer Support:    Full ratings for this review »                mz.mikell                           Jun 26, 2017            I love Eastbay beats going to the mall                   Jul 27, 2017  I feel like the product was already used                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Yvette                           Jul 27, 2017            Easy ordering                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Joeko82                           Jul 27, 2017            Thank you, wish they had more sales on items then I would buy more                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Countrygirl1972                           Jul 27, 2017            I have really enjoyed your site and my shopping experience. You have earned a regular customer in me.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                AJ                           Jul 27, 2017            Very pleasing shopping experience.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Nick                           Jul 27, 2017            I was pretty disappointed that the 1st 3 shoes I wanted to purchase were out of stock. Then I thought it was really terrible that the site showed my purchase qualified for free shipping an did not give free shipping as a an option selection or show that shipping was waived at final checkout.  Contradictory and misleading! If there was an option that said free shipping and it was the default selection that would be ideal since most people would probably go for that. Instead I bought a shoe that I only mildly care for and am being charged shipping when I thought I would not be.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Ray                           Jul 27, 2017            Very easy to check out                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                               Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:               On Time Delivery:               Customer Support:    Full ratings for this review »                Kay                           Jul 16, 2017                            Jul 27, 2017  I appreciate the customer service from Eastbay.I was able to find and purchase a pair of sneakers for a reasonable price.I am a college student on a budget and Eastbay fulfilled all of my needs and more.Thank you Eastbay.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                ROMEO                           Jul 27, 2017            very happy with the prices and promotions.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Matt                           Jul 27, 2017            Quick, easy, accessible, user- friendly, good interface, and very secure feeling. Definitely will order from East Bay again!                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                0                           Jul 27, 2017            Great all the time                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Wylde                           Jul 27, 2017            Fast easy and straight to the point. They got the goods.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                gangstergirl23                           Jul 27, 2017            it was fast & easy loved how quickly got thru purchase                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                e                           Jul 27, 2017            fine                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                kashman1231                           Jul 27, 2017            Everything was well organized.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                DT                           Jul 27, 2017            I ALWAYS find what I need and get the best quailty in gear                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Deuce                           Jul 27, 2017            I found the shopping experience to more pleasant than expected. I was able to conduct logical searches. Pleased with number of options from which to select.                   «   1   2   3   4   5   »       Store Ratings and Reviews Store Overview Store Detailed Ratings        About Connexity Store Ratings Top Products Circle of Excellence Winners Sitemap Ad Opt Out  Ad Choices        Stores are responsible for providing Bizrate with correct and current prices. Sales taxes and shipping costs are estimates; please check store for exact amounts. Product specifications are obtained from merchants or third parties. Although we make every effort to present accurate information, Bizrate is not responsible for inaccuracies. We encourage you to notify us of any discrepancies by clicking here.  Store ratings and product reviews are submitted by online shoppers; they do not reflect our opinions and we have no responsibility for their content.     Privacy Policy User Agreement © 2017 Connexity, Inc. / Bizrate is a division of Connexity, Inc.      Sign up for Bizrate Emails to save cash, plus  a chance to win our Daily Cash Giveaway!      We don't share email addresses. Official Rules                 X              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

Eastbay Focus Fund Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/173000-eastbay-focus-fund-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=173000  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Eastbay Focus Fund LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Eastbay Focus Fund Lp gets funded!Eastbay Focus Fund LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors October 23rd, 2015$7,598,497-View DealOctober 24th, 2012$7,000,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Eastbay Focus Fund Lp gets funded?Key people-- EastBay Asset Management LLCExecutive Officer, Promoter-- EastBay General Partner LLCExecutive Officer, Promoter-- EastBay General Partner, LLCExecutive Officer, PromoterSteve LandryExecutive OfficerAdam WolfbergExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!