

	Eastern Wholesale Fence LLC > Products































Suppliers To The Trade Only
1-800-339-3362
Dealer Login



Why Us?

Home

Products



Illusions Vinyl Fencing


Eastern White Cedar Brand Wood Fencing


Eastern Ornamental Fence


Steel Ornamental Fence Products


Chain Link Fencing



System21 Coated Chain Link Products


Galvanized Chain Link Products


Chain Link Fence Inserts


PenPals Kennels





Illusions Vinyl Railing System


EverStrong Profiles




News & Events

Forms

Contact Us
























Products


Illusions Vinyl Fencing


Eastern White Cedar Brand Wood Fencing


Eastern Ornamental Fence


Steel Ornamental Fence Products


Chain Link Fencing


System21 Coated Chain Link Products


Galvanized Chain Link Products


Chain Link Fence Inserts


PenPals Kennels




Illusions Vinyl Railing System


EverStrong Profiles










Products



Illusions Vinyl Fencing

Illusions Vinyl Fence line includes one of the largest selections of color and woodgrain vinyl fence and railings. All styles are available in 35 colors and 5 vinyl woodgrains. When you have a custom vinyl fence job, including Mix-n-Match color, curved fence panels or rails, special sizes, custom or curved rail gates or need to create a custom style, Eastern is your one stop source for vinyl fence. 


Eastern White Cedar Wood Fencing
Eastern White Cedar Brand wood products include top quality craftsmanship in any style you can imagine.  We carry full lines of tongue and groove, stockade, post and rail, picket, solid panels, arbors, pergolas, bends and curves, and all the accessories you need to complete any job. 


Eastern Ornamental Aluminum Fencing
Add a touch of elegance to your portfolio.  Eastern carries a full line of aluminum and steel ornamental fence.  Whether your needs are for either a residential or industrial application, we have it all. 


Chain Link Fencing
Eastern carries a complete line of chain link products including every residential or commercial application you could imagine.  We supply it all.  We stock a full line of galvanized and System 21 coated products.  We can take you as far as your imagination can go! 


Illusions Vinyl Railing System
All materials used go through rigorous quality inspections to guarantee the products meet Icc-Es AC174 and ASTM F964 specifications.
Illusions® Vinyl Railing System™ meets the highest building code standards in the nation. Approved for both commercial and residential applications, it is sure to provide a safe and attractive solution to all of your railing needs. Ask your fence dealer for it by name.
CERTIFIED for the following building codes:

ICC-ES AC174 2009 International Building Code (IBC)
2009 International Residential Code (IRC)
1999 BOCA National Building Code








EverStrong Profiles
EverStrong® Profiles is backed by over 40 years experience in the fence business as a manufacturer and distributor. We have been in the vinyl fence fabrication business since 1996, and with this knowledge we expanded into extrusion. EverStrong® set up a new extrusion plant with the most technologically advanced extruding systems in the industry, some of the most seasoned people in extrusion worldwide and a complete quality control lab which is unparalleled in our industry.
 







































Our Brands 

 

 

 

 

 

 











Eastern Wholesale Fence LLC - Copyright 2017.   All Rights Reserved.
  |  Login













The Eastern Company



 
 













Welcome To The
The Eastern Company
More than 150 years of quality engineering for our customers.
Learn
                                More


Welcome To The
The Eastern Company
 Continuous quarterly dividends since 1940
Learn
                                More


Welcome To The
The Eastern Company
Limitless career opportunities for aggressive, enthusiastic, and hands-on engineers.
Learn
                                More


Welcome To The
The Eastern Company
 Proven innovation, always engineered to our customer’s specifications
Learn
                                More











OUR Companies






Eberhard Manufacturing
A leader in custom-engineered industrial, vehicular and specialty hardware. Eberhard's
                                extensive product line of over 5,000 parts offers customers items such as t-handles,
                                hinges, paddle latches, rotary latches, grab handles, and vents.
Learn
                                    More



Velvac
Velvac is a leading supplier of vision systems and components to heavy and medium duty truck OEMs, recreational and specialty vehicle OEMs, and over 4,000 aftermarket distribution locations in North America.
Learn
                                    More



The Illinois Lock Company 
A provider of engineering expertise, technology, and manufacturing capabilities, able to
                                design and produce the highest quality locks and security products for the most
                                demanding applications and budget requirements.
Learn
                                    More



CCL Security Products
A global manufacturer and supplier of Padlocks, Cabinet Door Locks, Desk Drawer Locks,
                                Cam Locks, Electrical Panel Board Locks, Enclosure Locks and other specialty lock
                                products.
Learn
                                    More



Greenwald Industries
An innovator in commercial laundry and location-based payment systems.
Learn
                                    More



Composite Panel Technologies
A leading manufacturer of lightweight composite panels and panel systems.
Learn
                                    More



Argo Transdata
A premiere PCBA manufacturer located in the Northeast, building the best quality
                                engineered products at the best possible price, delivered when needed.
Learn
                                    More



Frazer & Jones
A world leader in the development, design and manufacture of high quality products from
                                raw castings to finished products.
Learn
                                    More













Quality Products
Our commitment to quality means that we consistently provide products and services that
                                meet or exceed your expectations.





Custom Engineering
Whether you want to make a simple change to a product or you need a custom designed
                                solution, our engineers have years of experience to support your applications.





Innovation
We innovate to bring you novel solutions that meet new requirements and market needs.










WE’RE LOOKING FOR PEOPLE LIKE YOU
Join The Eastern Team
At Eastern, we recognize the role that each employee plays in the achievement of our Company’s
                        objectives. A career at Eastern means you’ll work toward a goal of continuous improvement in
                        everything you do. We are a Federal Contractor and proud to be an equal opportunity
                        employer.
View
                            Job Openings







 


Investors
“We have started a new chapter in the long history of The
                                Eastern Company. We are focused on accelerating value creation for our customer and our
                                shareholders”
- August Vlak, President and CEO
Learn More




 

Common Stock: EML
Current Price: $29.87
Change: 0.22
Volume: 303.00

                            07/28/17 10:25 AM                             Minimum 20 minutes delayed.

                        









 








Eastern Foam Product Co., Ltd. (Polyurethane Foam) ผู้ผลิตฟองน้ำวิทยาศาสตร์ (โพลียูเรเทนโฟม) ในประเทศไทย










































 








หน้าแรก

เกี่ยวกับเรา




ความเป็นมาของบริษัท

พันธกิจ & วิสัยทัศน์

ปรัชญา

กระบวนการทำงานของเรา







สินค้า

บริการ

ติดต่อเรา































































“ เรามุ่งมั่น ที่จะพัฒนาผลิตภัณฑ์ และการส่งมอบ เพื่อให้เป็นอันดับ 1 ในใจของลูกค้า ”




















บริษัท อีสเทอร์น โฟม โปรดั๊ก จำกัดเป็นบริษัทในกลุ่มอุตสาหกรรม ก่อตั้งขึ้นในปีพ.ศ. 2533 ดำเนินธุรกิจผลิตฟองน้ำวิทยาศาสตร์ (Flexible Polyurethane Foam) ซึ่งเป็นวัตถุดิบหลักในการผลิตสินค้าในอุตสาหกรรมหลากหลายประเภท อันได้แก่ อุตสาหกรรมเฟอร์นิเจอร์ ประเภท เบาะ โซฟา และเครื่องนอน หีบ ห่อ ผลิตภัณฑ์ทำความสะอาด ประเภท ล้างรถ ฉาบปูน และอุตสาหกรรมอื่นอีกหลายประเภท....อ่านต่อ





 


































Today
This Month
Total


49
1,533
36,466





 


Copyright : Easternfoam.com


Design & Developer By cw.in.th
          












:: Eastern Gun and Supply Company ::
































Click on the images below to get started!














        HOME |  PRODUCTS | HISTORY | ABOUT | ORDERING INFO | FAQ'S | CONTACT



Copyright 2015 Wagner Shells, Inc. All Rights Reserved.













Eastern Catalytic Converters – Universal, Direct-fit, CARB, Performance, Diesel






















Eastern Catalytic


Menu








At Eastern Catalytic we manufacture catalytic converters, manifold converters, and converter components for the aftermarket and for original equipment manufacturers. Our Universal, Direct-fit, CARB, High Performance, and Diesel converter lines cover over 100,000 applications, including OBDII coverage for all 50 states.* Eastern Catalytic converters are certified in 58 countries around the world.
* Not all products are legal for sale or use in California














^



























    
    jh Health Solutions | Keyword or Keyword Phrase | Lenoir City, TN
  
  















     
       


 
Serving East TN  865-986-8828


   
    Home


  Cookware


  Cutlery


  Air Purifiers


  Water Filters


  Juicers


  Earn Products


  Blog


  Contact











       
 





       



       
  Slide Title
Write your caption here

  

Button



 
  Cookware Title
Write your caption here

  

Button



 
  Slide Title
Write your caption here

  

Button









      Host a Dinner Party with JH Health Solutions and Get FREE Cookware
 
  

Contact Us







   Quality Cookware 

 Great-tasting meals start with cookware from JH Health Solutions. Discover the complete cooking systems we have available.


  

Have A Look At Our Cookware


 Fine Cutlery 
 If you enjoy cooking, having the right knives is essential. Find out more about the top-of-the-line Rhineland Cutlery that we offer.


  

View Our Selection Of Cutlery


 Air Purification  
 Improve your indoor air quality and eliminate contaminants that aggravate conditions such as allergies and asthma with our air purifier.

  

Breathe Easy




   



   History of JH Health Solutions The main office of JH Health Solutions was founded by Mr. John Howard in 1974. It was originally known as Eastern Home Products. Since 1974 we have been distributing a line of top quality cookware through in-home demonstrations.  Our cookware is an American-made product, manufactured in West Bend, Wisconsin.When you buy cookware and cutlery products from our locally owned and operated business, they are guaranteed for life. They will always perform the same as the date of purchase.  You can pass them down through families and generations knowing that we’ll provide any repairs that are needed. 


   




   
  



 
LIFETIME Guarantee on Cookware and CutleryCall: 865-986-8828


   Knife Techniques 


 How to Put Your Knife Block Together 




   How to Cook a Homemade Pizza in 13 minutes 


 Why Host a Dinner 




   How to Make a Pot Roast- step 1 


 How to Make a Pot Roast Step- 2 




   
Our Cookware works on all Magnetic Induction, Ceramic, Electric and Gas Stove Tops.


   








      
    

 





 865-986-8828


   
About JH Health Solutions Locally owned and operated JH Health Solutions was established in 1974 under the name Eastern Home Products. Starting in 1974, we began offering high-quality cookware and other products through convenient in-home demonstrations.
 Contact JH Health Solutions  JH Health Solutions19412 Hwy 11ELenoir City, TN 37771 jhhealthsolutions@gmail.com


 Financing Available


  Privacy Policy 
| Cookie Policy 
| Conditions of Use 
| Notice and Take Down Policy 
| Powered by Hibu

© 2017 
The content on this website is owned by us and our licensors. Do not copy any content (including images) without our consent.

















































































































  
  Share by:







 
    {{placeholder_retargeting_pixel}}
 


 
    {{placeholder_dpni}}
 








 
    {{placeholder_footer_reserve1}}
 


 
    {{placeholder_footer_reserve2}}
 


 
  {{placeholder_footer_reserve3}}
 


 
  {{placeholder_footer_reserve4}}
 


 
  {{placeholder_footer_reserve5}}
 


 
  {{placeholder_footer_reserve6}}
 


 
  {{placeholder_footer_reserve7}}
 



 
































Eastern Product Co., 1 6 No 6 Isonarecho Sumaku Kobe Japan Kobe Jp | Supplier Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Eastern Product Co.
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Supplier company  Japan






        See Eastern Product Co.'s products and customers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Request a Demo

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data
 

U.S. Customs records organized by company
7 U.S. shipments available for Eastern Product Co., updated weekly since 2007




Date
Supplier
Customer
Details

          41          more fields
        


2012-04-30
See all 7 shipment records for Eastern Product Co. with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up 

2011-06-20


2011-03-07
Eastern Product Co.
Nice Focus Inc.
Fishing Reel
Bill of lading


Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more.
      Learn more 



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 2 customers of Eastern Product Co.
 Learn more about network view 




Top customers


Nice Focus Inc. 






Sign up to access 







2 customers available
        


Top products


reel 





fishing 





fishing reel 





fishing tackle 





tackle 






5 top products available
        





Contact information for Eastern Product Co.


 

Address
1 6 No 6 Isonarecho Sumaku Kobe Japan Kobe Jp

 



Sign up to access 


 




           


    


Sample Bill of Lading
7 shipment records available



Date
2012-04-30


Shipper Name
Eastern Produst Co.


Shipper Address
1-6, NO.6 ISONARECHO SUMAKU, KOBE, JP


Consignee Name
Nice Focus, Inc.


Consignee Address
48521 WARM SPRINGS BLVD.#305, FREMONT CA 94539, US


Weight
518


Weight Unit
KG


Weight in KG
518.0


Quantity
53


Quantity Unit
CTN


Country of Origin
Japan


Details
518.0 kgFrom port: Hong Kong, Hong KongTo port: Port of Oakland, Oakland, California


Place of Receipt
Hong Kong


Foreign Port of Lading
Hong Kong, Hong Kong


U.S. Port of Unlading
Port of Oakland, Oakland, California


U.S. Destination Port
Port of Oakland, Oakland, California


Commodity
Fishing Reel


Container
HDMU5504449


Carrier Name
PANDA LOGISTICS LTD


Vessel Name
APL HOLLAND


Voyage Number
198E


Bill of Lading Number
PNDIHKOAK120401


Master Bill of Lading Number
HDMUHKOL8001783


Lloyd's Code
9218674


HTS Codes
HTS 2103







 


Suppliers of similar products from Japan

Japanese fishing manufacturersJapanese fishing reel manufacturersJapanese fishing tackle manufacturersJapanese tackle manufacturers.
            


Suppliers similar to Eastern Product Co.

Coburn Japan CorporationNagata Brewing Machinery Co., Ltd.Kureha Ltd.Aoi Seicha Co., Ltd..
              






Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Request a Demo











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
+1-888-902-3511
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 










Eastern Coffee Products | Best Coffee Manhattan to Montauk |  Eastern Coffee

























It’s a fact, coffee drives 
											morning stop decisions


Find out how   →





Coffee = Customers






Rich NY Coffee
Strong Coffee Company

Learn More →





 #1 Coffee Supplier Manhattan to Montauk







A strong coffee brand - 
											your key to drive-time loyalty 
											

Find Out Why →




Previous
Next








Eastern Coffee Products
Exclusive distributors of Black Diamond Coffee

About UsContact UsCoffee NewsSitemap











Read More

In today's times you need a Real Coffee Company
Everybody’s coffee is their favorite, until they try ours!
No brand sells more coffee at independent food stores in this region than us. To do so, our blends have to standup to the preferences of some of the toughest customers anywhere.





Read More

Customer Loyalty
Keeping customers is the lifeblood of any business. Our branded program helps you compete against the daily onslaught of ads from the chains. It tells your customers you are a real player in the competition for their coffee loyalty.   





Read More

Trusted Coffee Advisor
Knowing the facts is an important key to making the right decisions for your customers, and your store. 
We are the coffee experts independent food stores depend on. Be confident in your coffee category management with informed guidance from us.







Leaving a bad taste in someone's mouth could ruin your entire business!

Coffee chain and fast food competitors spend millions on advertising every day. Their coffee is good, but not memorable. You, the independent operator have more variety, familiarity, fresher food and the option of a powerful coffee brand. Black Diamond Coffee, from Eastern Coffee Products, has proven its ability to help build profits for those that want a bigger piece of the lucrative morning coffee pie.
Read more about the best coffee in NY  →

It’s great to find a company that cares and does it right! Eastern Coffee works with us to build and improve our coffee program. They exhibit a genuine willingness to improve our marketing efforts with innovative ideas. You will have our business as loyal customers for years to come.
- A. DeRosa, Handy Pantry Stores, Inc.  Long Island, NY
See more





10 Steps to Increase Profits




Equipment & Services




Customer Service Requests




Our Markets




News & Events




About Our Coffee






Latest Coffee News
More News →




Read More

Research Shows Long Term Demand For Iced Coffee
Coffee may have been traditionally enjoyed steaming hot, but new research from Mintel reveals the habit for a ... 




Read More

Hispanic-Americans are Big Coffee Drinkers
Hispanic-Americans like to drink coffee more than other racial and ethnic groups. They begin drinking coffee earlier than other groups... 




Read More

Average American Worker Spends Nearly $1,100 per Year On Coffee
Some say that coffee is the fuel that keeps the American workforce moving forward. And it's a fuel that... 













					Are you ready to start serving
					the best coffee in New York?

				 To arrange for a taste test session at your store, or to get details on store design, special programs and other general information, call us now (631) 567-6996 or fill out the form.  
			














This field is intended to catch out spammers - please leave it blank.



















 



Eastern Produce - Kenya . Malawi . South Africa - Eastern Produce



















HomeAbout UsTeaMacadamiaSustainabilityCustomersCareersContact




Eastern Produce
Kenya . malawi . south africa










Eastern Produce

Eastern Produce has agricultural interests in Kenya, Malawi & South Africa and is part of Camellia Plc. Camellia is an international group employing over 73 000 people...

READ MORE

      
 





 

What makes us different

Eastern Produce is unique in having tea estates in both Kenya & Malawi with the management infrastructure and logistics expertise in both countries to support customer needs. Simply stated we offer a “one-stop shop” across the entire spectrum of African-type teas. Read more

 
 






                    © Copyright 2012. Eastern Produce.
info [at] lintonpark [dot] co [dot] ke 




www.camellia.plc.uk



Webdesign by Toradex








Building Products Distribution Engineered Wood «  Eastern Engineered Wood Products







































 





Eastern Engineered Wood Products
Menu












We know engineered wood. Our total focus on the engineered wood products business is what differentiates us.
Staying in tune with what is important to our customers and remaining flexible to adapt to their changing needs is critical to our objective of providing a great customer experience.



Facebook
LinkedIn



				484.853.3100
			


Learn More



We Make It Simple
We make difficult jobs run smoother. Come work with our experts.




Learn More



We Measure Everything
That's how we provide a great customer experience.







From management and design, operations and drivers, sales and accounting, Eastern's focus on timely, accurate orders and exceptional service never wavers. Eastern's dedication to customers' requirements is truly a benchmark for the industry.


Jean-Marc Dubois – Nordic Engineered Wood


			Photo supplied by APA - The Engineered Wood Association















