

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Verify real user


























Verify real user













Eastland Financial Corp.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:26 AM ET

Company Overview of Eastland Financial Corp.



Snapshot People




Company Overview



25 Cummings WayWoonsocket, RI 02895United States



Phone: (401) 767-3900








Key Executives for Eastland Financial Corp.


Eastland Financial Corp. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Eastland Financial Corp. Key Developments

SEC Revokes Registration Of Registered Securities Of Eastland Financial
Sep 14 16
An Administrative Law Judge has issued an Initial Decision of Default as to Eastland Financial Corp. The Initial Decision found that the company was issuer of securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act), and the company failed to comply with Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Rules 13a-1 and/or 13a-13 by not filing required periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The Initial Decision finds these allegations to be true and revokes the registration of each class of the company’s registered securities, pursuant to Section 12(j) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.


SEC Orders Hearings On Registration Suspension Or Revocation Against Eastland Financial Corp. For Failure To Make Required Periodic Filings
Aug 11 16
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC or the commission) instituted public administrative proceeding to determine whether to revoke or suspend for a period not exceeding twelve months the registration of each class of the securities of Eastland Financial Corp. for failure to make required periodic filings with the Commission. In this Order, the Division of Enforcement (Division) alleges that the company was delinquent in its required periodic filings with the Commission. In this proceeding, instituted pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(j), a hearing will be scheduled before an Administrative Law Judge. At the hearing, the judge will hear evidence from the Division and the company to determine whether the allegations of the Division contained in the Order, which the Division alleges constitute failures to comply with Exchange Act Section 13(a) and Rules 13a-1 and 13a-13 there under, are true. The judge in the proceeding will then determine whether the registrations pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12 of each class of the securities of the company should be revoked or suspended for a period not exceeding twelve months. The Commission ordered that the Administrative Law Judge in this proceeding issue an initial decision not later than 120 days from the date of service of the order instituting proceeding.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Eastland Financial Corp., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























HAFT v. EASTLAND FINANCIA | 772 F.Supp. 1315 (1991) | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
F.Supp.
772 F.Supp.
772 F.Supp. 1315 (1991)



					 
				




								HAFT v. EASTLAND FINANCIAL CORP.
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									Civ. A. No. 90-0302P.
								




View Case
Cited Cases
Citing Case 




772 F.Supp. 1315 (1991)


Marshall HAFT, Plaintiff,
v.
EASTLAND FINANCIAL CORP. and Herbert L. Miller, Defendants.


United States District Court, D. Rhode Island.
August 28, 1991.








Attorney(s) appearing for the Case
Sandra Blanding, Warwick, R.I., Mark Levine, Melissa R. Emert, Jules Brody, New York City, for plaintiff.
William Grimm, Hinckely, Allen, Snyder & Comen, Providence, R.I., for defendants.





MEMORANDUM AND ORDER
PETTINE, Senior District Judge.
This case is before me essentially to determine whether the defendants are the perpetrators of a scheme to defraud the public in violation of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, § 10(b) or whether the defendants are, along with the plaintiff, merely victims — casualties of this region's recent economic downturn. See, e.g., DiLeo v. Ernst & Young, 901 F.2d 624, 627 (7th Cir.), cert. denied, ___ U.S. ___, 111 S.Ct. 347, 112 L.Ed.2d 312 (1990). It is not the first time that this Court has been called upon to decide whether the plaintiff's complaint can survive a motion to dismiss. I will, therefore, assume familiarity with the facts and opinions and only briefly note that on January 18, 1991, I found "that none of plaintiff's federal security law claims [could] survive defendants'  motion to dismiss." Haft v. Eastland Financial Corp. ("Haft I"), 755 F.Supp. 1123, 1134 (D.R.I.1991).1 I dismissed the complaint without prejudice and allowed time for the plaintiff to file an amended complaint. Id. at 1134. Plaintiff eventually filed an amended complaint and the defendants parried with another motion to dismiss. That motion was denied on July 3, 1991. Haft v. Eastland Financial Corp., C.A. No. 90-0302P (D.R.I.) ("Haft II").2 This case is now before me on defendants' motion for reconsideration of my July 3, 1991 Memorandum and Order.
Briefly, plaintiff's amended complaint is a class action3 in two counts. The class period is defined as beginning on January 3, 1989 and ending on January 17, 1991. Count I is against both defendants, Eastland Financial Corporation and Herbert Miller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the corporation, for violations of Section 10(b), Rule 10b-5 and Section 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("1934 Act"). Count II is against both defendants for negligent misrepresentation.4
In light of Haft II's reasoning, defendants have now raised a threshold jurisdictional question. Because I am persuaded by defendants' argument with regard to standing, I, upon reconsideration, grant defendants' motion to dismiss. I regret not having spotted the jurisdictional question earlier. Now that it has been brought to my attention, however, I welcome the opportunity to correct what I believe to have been an error.
Discussion
"Standing is a preliminary matter to be evaluated upon the allegations of the complaint." Gabrielsen v. BancTexas Group, Inc., 675 F.Supp. 367, 369 (N.D.Tex.1987).
The question whether a party has standing to prosecute a claim concerns the power of federal courts to hear and decide cases. Standing focuses on the party seeking to get his complaint before the federal court and not on the issues he wishes to have adjudicated. When the issue of plaintiff's standing is raised, the relevant inquiry is whether ... the plaintiff has shown an injury to himself that is likely to be redressed by a favorable decision. To satisfy the constitutional requirement, the plaintiff who seeks to invoke judicial power must stand to profit in some personal interest. Absent a showing of personal injury, exercise of power by a federal court would be gratuitous and thus inconsistent with constitutional limitations. Id. at 371 (citations omitted).
The fact that a case is brought as a class action does not change the calculus; named plaintiffs "cannot represent a class of whom they are not a part." Harris v. McRae, 448 U.S. 297, 320 n. 23, 100 S.Ct. 2671, 2690 n. 23, 65 L.Ed.2d 784 (1980) (citing Bailey v. Patterson, 369 U.S. 31, 32-33, 82 S.Ct. 549, 550-51, 7 L.Ed.2d 512 (1962)); see Adair v. Sorenson, 134 F.R.D. 13, 16 (D.Mass.1991) ("A court must assess standing to sue based upon the standing of the named plaintiff and not upon the standing of unidentified class members."); Gabrielsen, 675 F.Supp. at 371 n. 3 ("Inclusion of class action allegations in a complaint does not relieve a plaintiff of himself meeting the requirements for constitutional standing ... Standing cannot be acquired through the back door of a class action."); Schwartz v. Novo Industri A/S, 658 F.Supp. 795,  800 n. 18 (S.D.N.Y.1987) ("As our Court of Appeals held in Denny v. Barber, 576 F.2d 465, 469 (2d Cir.1978), a plaintiff who cannot share in a recovery ... is not a proper representative of persons who purchased securities after other allegedly fraudulent statements were issued.").
To determine whether the named plaintiff in this case has standing sufficient to meet the constitutional case or controversy requirement, I must assess the amended complaint in light of Section 10(b) of the 1934 Act. That section "forbids persons, in connection with the purchase or sale of securities, from engaging in manipulation or fraud in violation of the rules promulgated by the SEC." In re General Motors Class E Stock Buyout Securities Litigation, 694 F.Supp. 1119, 1125 (D.Del. 1988) (emphasis added). Rule 10b-5 states that:
It shall be unlawful for any person ...
(a) To employ any device, scheme or artifice to defraud,
(b) To make any untrue statement of a material fact or to omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or
(c) To engage in any act, practice, or course of business which operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon any person,
in connection with the purchase or sale of any security. 17 C.F.R. § 240.10b-5 (emphasis added).
To state a claim under Section 10(b), therefore, a plaintiff must allege a loss "resulting from reasonable reliance upon a materially false representation." General Motors, 694 F.Supp. at 1126. This is known as the "in connection with" requirement of Section 10(b). In other words, Section 10(b) has been interpreted by the Supreme Court as requiring, "an actual purchase or sale of a security that is connected with a challenged statement." Konstantinakos v. F.D.I.C., 719 F.Supp. 35, 37 (D.Mass.1989). "Where a misrepresentation or omission causes a person to retain shares previously purchased, rather than purchase new shares or sell already owned ones, the shareholder does not have standing to bring a 10b-5 claim." Id. (citing Blue Chip Stamps v. Manor Drug Store, 421 U.S. 723, 737-38, 95 S.Ct. 1917, 1926, 44 L.Ed.2d 539 (1975)); see Adair, 134 F.R.D. at 16 ("Plaintiff cannot establish that he relied on events which occurred after he purchased his stock."); Schwartz, 658 F.Supp. at 799 (statements made "subsequent to plaintiff's purchase, are not in themselves actionable under 10(b)").
Moreover, "[w]hen the complaint sounds in fraud ... Fed.R.Civ.P. 9(b) applies. Rule 9(b) states that `[i]n averments of fraud or mistake, the circumstances constituting fraud or mistake shall be stated with particularity. Malice, intent, knowledge and other condition of mind of a person may be averred generally.' This rule known as the `particularity requirement' applies to Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 claims because `fraud lies at the core of the action.'" Haft I, 755 F.Supp. at 1126 (citations omitted).
Finally, plaintiff's complaint must allege more than mere corporate mismanagement. In Santa Fe Industries, Inc. v. Green, 430 U.S. 462, 479, 97 S.Ct. 1292, 1304, 51 L.Ed.2d 480 (1977), "[t]he United States Supreme Court ... held that the federal securities laws do not regulate `transactions which constitute no more than internal corporate mismanagement.'" Haft I, 755 F.Supp. at 1131 (citations omitted). "`Absent details of specific misrepresentations or omissions of material facts which were required to be disclosed, ... [a] complaint [may] do no more than state a claim for corporate mismanagement.'" Id. (citations omitted).
This brings me to the primary issue regarding plaintiff's amended complaint — the intersection of the standing requirements and the sufficiency of the plaintiff's allegations. In light the analysis, supra, the plaintiff, in order to meet the constitutional standing requirement, must allege misrepresentations sufficient to withstand a motion to dismiss pursuant to the particularity  requirement of Fed.R.Civ.P. 9(b)5 and sufficient to withstand analysis under the Santa Fe doctrine and the misrepresentations must have occurred prior to his purchase or sale of securities.
In Haft II, I found that the plaintiff stated a claim sufficient to survive Rule 9(b) and Santa Fe with Paragraph 24 of his amended complaint. In that paragraph, the plaintiff noted that on "June 8, 1989, Miller met with some institutional investors, rejected Merrill Lynch's assessment of Eastland stock as `a short-term risk but a long-term buy' and dismissed concerns about Eastland's heavy emphasis on commercial real estate. Then, three months later, Eastland announced a record third quarter loss due to an increase in non-performing loans. To support the inference of fraud [necessary to survive a motion to dismiss], plaintiff [noted] that on or about April 2, 1990 Eastland filed with the SEC the following statement over ... Miller's signature: `By mid-1989, overbuilding in the real estate area and a slowdown in the New England economy led us to realize that [the] same activities, that previously worked so well for us, were now working against us. We knew it would not be `business as usual.'" Haft II, supra, slip op. at 5.6 I found that this statement raised a reasonable inference "`that adverse circumstances existed at the time [the statement was made] and were known and deliberately or recklessly disregarded by the defendants.'" Id. (quoting Romani v. Shearson Lehman Hutton, 929 F.2d 875, 878 (1st Cir.1991)).
The problem, as pointed out by the defendants in their memorandum in support of their motion for reconsideration, with reliance on the above is that the alleged misrepresentation was made after the named plaintiff purchased his stock. According to Paragraph 5 of the amended complaint, Haft purchased stock in Eastland on March 27, 1989 — more than two months before the alleged misrepresentation. To determine, therefore, whether there are any allegations sufficient to support jurisdiction in this case, I reconsidered the alleged misrepresentations that occurred prior to March 27, 1989. In doing so, I determined, once again, that none of the earlier statements were sufficient. See, supra, note 6.
The plaintiff's substantive allegations begin with Paragraph 15 of the amended complaint. That paragraph focuses on two statements made by defendant Miller reported in The Providence Journal ("Journal")7 on January 3, 1989.  According to the complaint, Miller, in an attempt to "allay the concerns of investors" with regard to "nervousness about the real estate market in Rhode Island" stated that: "`What people don't realize, is that we have had more experience in commercial lending than a lot of other players.'" Moreover, Miller "publicly stated sometime in January 1989 that Eastland's stock should trade in the $10.50 to $11.00 range." Paragraph 17 of the amended complaint states that "[o]n or about March 20, 1989, Eastland disseminated its 1988 Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 1988." In that Report there was a letter, over defendant Miller's signature, which stated that: "We believe that by expanding and seeking out quality commercial real estate loans, we can sustain our growth objectives and continue to add value to our stockholders investment.'" (Amended Complaint, Paragraph 18) Miller also stated that: "`It is ... expected that non-performing loans will be reduced in 1989...." (Amended Complaint, Paragraph 18) In addition, according to Paragraph 20 of the amended complaint, the Review of Operations section of the Report contained the following statement: "While maintaining strict credit policy standards commercial banking efforts are focused on the small and mid-sized market, where the combination of financial risk and potential financial gain offer an acceptable rate of return."
To establish that these statements were "part of [a] continuing pattern of materially false and misleading statements made without reasonable basis," plaintiff focuses on several underlying "facts."8 These "facts" are set forth in Paragraphs 7, 22, 30, 33, and 35 of the amended complaint.
Plaintiff alleges that the optimistic statements quoted above were misrepresentations because in an article entitled "There's more to stock tables than fine print," published in the Journal on December 3, 1989 and cited in Paragraph 7 of the complaint,9 the reporter stated that, "[i]t turns out that Eastland financed a number of marginal projects." (Appendix to Defendants' Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss the Amended Complaint ("Defendants' Appendix"), Exhibit M) This statement fails to provide the underlying factual support required by Rule 9(b). It is not a direct quote from the defendants, it is merely an analysts' opinion. "The complaint must rise or fall on allegations about defendants' conduct and not on wide-eyed citation to the gratuitous commentary of outsiders. Such commentary is irrelevant to plaintiff's claims." Hershfang v. Citicorp, 767 F.Supp. 1251, 1255 (S.D.N.Y.1991). Moreover, the statement, even if it were attributed to the defendants would not be adequate under the Santa Fe doctrine because "[t]here is no `fraud by hindsight[.]'" DiLeo, 901 F.2d at 628 (quoting Denny, 576 F.2d at 470). The words, "it turns out" indicate that the reporter's comment is nothing more than an expression of hindsight wisdom.
Paragraph 22 is not sufficient either. That paragraph notes that, according to another Journal article (April 19, 1989), Miller stated that "`I never should have said [that the stock should trade at] $10.50,'" "`I didn't know what I was talking about.'" Plaintiff alleges that this direct quote supports the inference that when Miller earlier stated that the stock should trade in the "$10.50" range, he knowingly or recklessly misrepresented the situation. I cannot agree. Miller's earlier statement about the price of the stock was  merely a prediction. "Statements about future events that are plainly expressions of opinion and not guarantees are not actionable under the federal securities laws." Hershfang, supra, 767 F.Supp. at 1255 (citing Friedman v. Mohasco Corp., 929 F.2d 77, 79 (2d Cir.1991)).
To support his allegation that the defendants were not seeking out quality loans, although they said they were, plaintiff points to Paragraphs 30 and 33 of his amended complaint. In Paragraph 30, plaintiff notes that in an article in The Woonsocket Call, on January 5, 1990, it was reported that "Eastland as the sole bidder bought at auction the former Social Department Store building, which had been vacant for two years and on which Eastland had a third mortgage." (Defendants' Appendix, supra, Exhibit O) Although this may suggest that Eastland erred in extending the loan, one arguably less than prudent loan does not make defendants' earlier statements fraudulent misrepresentations. The March 1989 statement in the Annual Report that Eastland was "seeking out quality commercial real estate loans" was a broad statement, not made materially false by the existence of one bad loan. See General Motors, 694 F.Supp. at 1127 (quoting Basic, Inc. v. Levinson, 485 U.S. 224, 108 S.Ct. 978, 983, 99 L.Ed.2d 194 (1988) ("For a fact to be material, `there must be a substantial likelihood that the disclosure of the omitted fact would have been viewed by a reasonable investor as having significantly altered the "total mix" of information made available.'"). Moreover, there is no indication of when Eastland made the loan on the Social Department Store building — perhaps it was well before March of 1989.10 This allegation cannot survive Santa Fe. If anything, it merely alleges negligence; "[f]ailing to disclose possible mismanagement or incompetence does not state a federal securities law claim." Haft I, 755 F.Supp. at 1131 (citing Santa Fe, 430 U.S. at 477-78, 97 S.Ct. at 1303). There is no misrepresentation sufficient to support a Section 10(b) claim.
Paragraph 33 states that the Journal, on April 1, 1990, reported that "Eastland Financial Corporation earned a reputation as an aggressive real estate lender that booked loans others turned away after it converted to a public company in 1988." As I discussed, supra, a reporter's opinion of Eastland's reputation cannot provide a factual basis for alleging that the defendants' optimistic statements were fraudulent or reckless. "Analysts' opinions are neither relevant ... nor admissible, and even if the `analysts' assum[ptions]' are true, that can not reasonably lead to an inference that defendants made intentional or reckless misrepresentations to the public at an earlier time." Hershfang, supra, 767 F.Supp. at 1255-56.11
Plaintiff's final basis for his allegations is found in Paragraph 35. There, plaintiff notes that on April 18, 1990, the Journal reported that defendant Miller admitted that the bank "didn't monitor [its] projects." Plaintiff finds this to be in sharp contrast to the banks pre-March 27, 1989 statements.12 I am not persuaded  that this statement raises an inference of fraud. "The securities laws do not put executives of public corporations to the choice of either hiding their mistakes or facing a class-action shareholder suit. In fact, the `fundamental purpose' of the securities laws is just the opposite — `to substitute a philosophy of full disclosure for the policy of caveat emptor and thus to achieve a high standard of business ethics in the securities industry.'" Hershfang, supra, 767 F.Supp. at 1258 (quoting SEC v. Capital Gains Research Bureau, Inc., 375 U.S. 180, 186, 84 S.Ct. 275, 280, 11 L.Ed.2d 237 (1963) and citing Basic, 108 S.Ct. at 982-83). Moreover, the fact that the defendant admitted that the bank did not monitor projects sufficiently tends to refute any allegation that the earlier statement was part of a scheme to defraud. If that were true, why would the defendant essentially admit the earlier fraud? No reasonable inference is raised. See Romani, 929 F.2d at 878. The allegation cannot survive Rule 9(b) scrutiny.13
I find, therefore, that none of the pre-March 27, 1989 statements are sufficient to state a claim upon which relief could be granted. Plaintiff's allegations are backed up either by statements that do not meet the particularity requirement, i.e., statements not attributed to the defendants that merely express reporter's opinions and statements that raise no reasonable inference of fraud or allegations that fail to survive Santa Fe scrutiny. "[I]t is axiomatic that the federal securities laws do not provide a cause of action for corporate mismanagement." Konstantinakos, 719 F.Supp. at 39, n. 7. Nor do they provide a cause of action for merely failing to disclose "innocent" negligence. See Haft I, 755 F.Supp. at 1131 (citations omitted).
Moreover, because I believe that I erred when I previously found that the June 8, 1989 statement was actionable, see supra notes 6 and 13, I need only briefly address the question of whether other statements or conduct by the defendants after the plaintiff purchased his stock (Paragraphs 22-50 of the amended complaint) are "circumstantial evidence of the fraud he alleges occurred prior to his stock purchase." Schwartz, 658 F.Supp. at 799.
The statements "made subsequent to [plaintiff's] purchase are not considered as primary evidence of fraud...." Id. at 800 n. 18. Moreover, the allegations regarding statements made after March 1989 are basically supported by the same "facts" (Paragraphs 7, 22, 30, 33, 35 of the amended complaint) that I have already rejected as support for the earlier "misrepresentations." Beyond the alleged misrepresentations, the rest of the complaint does little more than chronicle the downturn in Eastland's fortunes and cite to the defendants hopeful predictions. Looking at the complaint as a totality, I still do not find even circumstantial support for a Section 10(b) claim. As I have said before, this is yet another case where "`[a]t one time the firm bathes itself in a favorable light. Later the firm discloses that things are less rosy. The plaintiff contends that the difference must be attributable to fraud.'" Haft I, 755 F.Supp. at 1125 (quoting DiLeo, 901 F.2d at 627). In this case, I cannot agree with the plaintiff's assessment of the situation. "Securities laws do not guarantee sound business practices and do not protect investors against reverses." DiLeo, 901 F.2d at 627 (citations omitted). I, therefore, upon reconsideration, grant defendants motion to dismiss. Moreover, I decline to exercise pendent jurisdiction over the state law claim. See United Mine Workers v. Gibbs, 383 U.S. 715, 726, 86 S.Ct. 1130, 1139, 16 L.Ed.2d 218 (1966); Figueroa Ruiz v. Alegria, 896 F.2d 645, 650 (1st Cir.1990).
So Ordered.


FootNotes 
1. For a description of the facts of this case, see Haft, 755 F.Supp. at 1125-26. In Haft, this Court dismissed the complaint for failure to comply with the particularity requirement of Fed.R.Civ.P. 9(b) and for failure to state a claim upon which relief could be granted pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 12(b)(6) in light of Santa Fe Industries, Inc. v. Green, 430 U.S. 462, 479, 97 S.Ct. 1292, 1304, 51 L.Ed.2d 480 (1977).

2. For a description of the procedural history of the filing of the amended complaint, see Haft II, supra, slip op. at 1-2.

3. As will become obvious, infra, the class has not been certified.

4. In plaintiff's amended complaint, Nicholas Vrabel, Treasurer of the corporation, is no longer named. Moreover, plaintiff dropped his claim under Section 11 and Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 as well as his common law fraud claim. See Haft I, 755 F.Supp. at 1126 for a description of the original complaint.

5. "`[T]here are three purposes behind Rule 9(b)'s particularity requirement: (1) to place the defendants on notice and enable them to prepare meaningful responses; (2) to preclude the use of a groundless fraud claim as a pretext to discovering a wrong or as a "strike suit"; and (3) to safeguard defendants from frivolous charges which might damage their reputations.'" Haft I, 755 F.Supp. at 1127 (quoting New England Data Services, Inc. v. Becher, 829 F.2d 286, 289 (1st Cir.1987)). In other words, to avoid dismissal on particularity grounds the plaintiff "must be able to convey with their complaint some sense of how they came to believe that fraud was the heart of their losses." Haft I, 755 F.Supp. at 1130. For a full description of this Court's analysis of Fed.R.Civ.P. 9(b) as applied to securities cases, see id. at 1126-1130.

6. Although I also stated that the inference of fraud was supported by other allegations in the complaint, Paragraph 24 contained the only primary allegation of fraud that I, at that time, found to be sufficient on its own to overcome Rule 9(b) and Santa Fe. Now, as I will discuss, infra, I believe that I was wrong and, therefore, find that even if there were not a lack of standing, Paragraph 24 would fail to state a claim that could survive dismissal.

7. Defendants have argued that "[a] serious question of law is raised in this case by plaintiff's attempt to rely on ... [what are inevitably] incomplete and inaccurate [newspaper] report[s] of defendant's purported statement[s] to meet the threshold pleading requirement of Rule 9(b)." In fact, in defendants' motion for reconsideration, they asked this Court alternatively for interlocutory appeal certification pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1292(b). As I have found, upon reconsideration, in favor of the defendants I need not address their request for interlocutory appeal. I would note, however, that although I believe that newspaper statements must necessarily be viewed with caution because defendants have "less than complete control over such reports", Schwartz, 658 F.Supp. at 799, a motion to dismiss calls for a court to accept the allegations as true. Whether the report is an accurate reflection of what was actually stated is more properly addressed on a motion for summary judgment. Because I do not find it necessary nor appropriate to formally convert the defendants' motion to dismiss to a motion for summary judgment, I did not consider any documents or affidavits submitted by the defendants other than the complete newspaper articles (excerpts of which appear in the plaintiff's complaint). See Romani, 929 F.2d at 879 n. 3; Ballan v. Wilfred American Educational Corp., 720 F.Supp. 241, 247 (E.D.N.Y.1989).

8. "A complaint of fraud must provide `factual allegations that would support a reasonable inference that adverse circumstances existed at the time [the statement was made], and were known and deliberately or recklessly disregarded by defendants.'" Haft II, supra, slip op. at 2-3 (quoting Romani, 929 F.2d at 878).

9. In Romani, 929 F.2d at 879 n. 3, the First Circuit Court of Appeals noted that a court may consider documents cited in the pleadings in their entirety on a motion to dismiss.

10. Finally, the Woonsocket Call goes on to note that, "[t]he auctioneer said it was not unusual for there to be only one bidder on a commercial property, particularly one which has several liens against it." (Defendants' Appendix, supra, Exhibit O) To the extent that the plaintiff suggests that being the sole bidder at such an auction suggests problems that should have been disclosed, the full text of the article at least suggests the opposite.

11. Moreover, in that article, entitled, "The Freeze is On, Credit Crunch Wounds Business, Compounds Region's Economic Woes," the reporter also discusses how "[b]ankers, throughout the region, are cutting back loans sharply to business borrowers, signaling the end of the lending binge of the 1980s and threatening to push the New England economy deeper into what many now call a recession." (Defendants' Appendix, supra, Exhibit R) The article quotes the owner of F.H. French Company as stating that, "[w]hether it is Fleet, or Shawmut, or Bank of New England or Eastland, they are all flip-flopping, and whereas before they were overly lax, now they are extraordinarily stringent." Id. One could draw the conclusion that the other banks were also a bit overzealous in their lending practices, thus putting Eastland's "reputation" somewhat in doubt.

12. As I stated, supra, March 27, 1989 was the last date that the plaintiff purchased or sold Eastland securities.

13. It is this reasoning that has lead me to believe that, despite the now obvious standing problem, my earlier ruling focusing on the June 8, 1989 statement was incorrect. If the defendants were intentionally misrepresenting the bank's financial state in mid-1989, why would they then admit the deceit in a statement in an annual report?






Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













	Serving the Best from Asia | Eastland Foods Corp












































Skip to main content















Contact Us
กรุณาติดต่อ 
請聯繫
liên hệ chúng tôi
Contáctenos
ទាក់ទងមកយើងខ្ញុំ
ກະລຸນາຕິດຕໍ່
お問い合わせ 
저희에게 연락하십시오 
hubungi kami







Eastland Foods Corp



Contact Us
.
Become a Customer
.
Become a Vendor
.
Our Blog


Login









 










My Account

My Account
             | Product Catalog
             | Log Out









 







                    Our Services


Retailers


Food service


Service Area





                    Products


World Class Brands





                    About Us


Our Company


Contact Us





                    Careers


Employment Opportunities





Menu








Search




















We deliver
                        the finest products
Contact us to learn more about our products and services.
Contact Us







 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Learn more







 
 
  
Eastland helps you feel at home with a customer service staff that speaks over a dozen languages.
Contact Us





Visit Our Blog for 
                        the latest updates
Get news updates and learn about our products on Eastland's blog
Contact Us



Prev
Pause

Next





We Stand Behind Our Products
 



Eastland helps grow your business by finding the highest quality Asian food products available for your customers. Be known for great products, and keep them coming with Eastland as your distribution partner.

 



Convenient, Reliable Service—Year Round
 



Our dedicated transportation fleet delivers authentic, top quality Southeast Asian products reliably throughout the year. With Eastland, it’s never been easier to receive premium Southeast Asian products at great prices.

 



Merchandising and Product Selection Assistance From Day One 
 



Eastland helps its customers by providing merchandising and product advice upon request. Our friendly customer service staff will help you choose great products for your store, even if you aren’t sure which to carry. 

 

 

 




King

King is a rice bran oil with a high smoke point, making it perfect for deep-frying, baking, and in salad dressings. It is made from non-GMO rice with zero trans fats, preservatives, or synthetic antioxidants. It is both halal and kosher certified. 
View More Products












Our Featured Brands





































Close














	Products | Eastland Foods Corp












































Skip to main content















Contact Us
กรุณาติดต่อ 
請聯繫
liên hệ chúng tôi
Contáctenos
ទាក់ទងមកយើងខ្ញុំ
ກະລຸນາຕິດຕໍ່
お問い合わせ 
저희에게 연락하십시오 
hubungi kami







Eastland Foods Corp



Contact Us
.
Become a Customer
.
Become a Vendor
.
Our Blog


Login









 










My Account

My Account
             | Product Catalog
             | Log Out









 







                    Our Services


Retailers


Food service


Service Area





                    Products


World Class Brands





                    About Us


Our Company


Contact Us





                    Careers


Employment Opportunities





Menu








Search















Home.Products






Send to a Friend
Print Page
Recently Viewed



Recently Viewed

You have not viewed any products recently.

 







        Products
    



World Class Brands






Products






































Prev
Pause

Next






































 












Close















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Eastland Financial Corp                                                                                                  - Irvine                                            , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Irvine



Real Estate Agents and Managers



Real Estate Agents And Managers



                            Eastland Financial Corp
                                    



 





















E 


Eastland Financial Corp                                                                                                 
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



11 CELESTIAL IRVINE, CA 92603
Get Directions



(949) 586-8400
www.4eastland.com                                                                                       





Business Info



 Founded 1994
 Incorporated CA
 Annual Revenue $1,113,819.00
 Employee Count 10
 Industries Real Estate Agents And Managers
 Contacts Hamid Hamadanchy                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1994 the company has been providing Real Estate Agents And Managers. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







E

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Eastland Financial Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















eastland financial corp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Banking
Sub-Industry: Banks
Eastland Financial Corporation is a holding company for Eastland Savings Bank, which operates, as of April 1991, approximately 15 branches throughout the pro- vidence county, RI area.  The Company conducts mortgage banking activities through WST Mortgage Corporation and Eastland Mortgage Corporation.  Eastland Property Management Company manages property and develops real estate.




Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































