


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Dynamic Global Bond Fund (RPIEX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Dynamic Global Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				RPIEX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments



			
			 	 Formerly T. Rowe Price Global Unconstrained Bond Fund
			 	 				 	 
			
		







 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/21/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$9.85
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.02
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/21/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								-1.89%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.78
							
							-
							
								$10.22
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$358.54

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Dynamic Global Bond Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Nontraditional Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The objective is to seek high current income.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/21/2017)
								
							



						
						
							0.62%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.19%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.10%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					0.20%
				
			

				
					0.20%
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 2.76%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							2.76%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							January 22, 2015
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.16%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.65%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							April 30, 2019
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Sun Jul 23 04:58:19 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















Over 80% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 3/31/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Asset Allocation





An Inside Look at T. Rowe Price® ActivePlus Portfolios

July 13, 2017









Retirement Planning





6 Key Ingredients for Retirement Planning

July 10, 2017









Markets & Economy





Quarterly Market Review

June 30, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*144 of our 330 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 122 of these 144 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 204 of 311 (66%), 175 of 213, 140 of 178 (79%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
24 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes). 23 of these 24 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 35 of 36, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 168 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 3/31/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











	CEF Types & Strategies: Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt Funds | Nuveen















































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us















			Strategies



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF




Overview
Taxable Income
Tax-Exempt Income
Multi-Strategy
Equity










			Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt Funds
			


		About Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt

		Tax-exempt municipal bonds are debt issued by a state, city, or other municipality for general governmental needs or to finance special
		projects. These municipal bonds pay interest that is free from regular federal income tax, and state-specific bonds can provide residents
		of those states with income free from state and, in some cases, local income taxes as well.* Tax-exempt municipal bonds can be an
		advantageous alternative to taxable investments, particularly for investors in higher tax brackets. To make a fair comparison between
		a tax-free investment like a municipal bond and a taxable investment, one should adjust the tax-free investment's yield to account
		for money saved in regular federal, and sometimes state, income tax.
	

* Interest on out-of-state bonds and dividends paid by national funds may be subject to state and local taxes. Income may also be
			subject to the Alternative Minimum Tax.



				About Nuveen Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt Closed-End Funds

				Nuveen offers several national tax-exempt municipal bond closed-end funds, and as well as state-specific funds focusing 15 different states. Municipal Closed-End
				Funds can potentially help you balance your desire for income and growth by:

Meeting current expenses with monthly tax-free income;
Potentially realizing attractive, long-term, after-tax total returns;
Diversifying your income portfolio;
Reducing the amount of your investment income subject to taxes.


				The Tax-Free Advantage






						Tax-Free Yield
					






						4%
					

						5%
					

						6%
					

						7%
					

						8%
					





Tax Rate


Taxable Equivalent Yield




						25%
					

						5.33%
					

						6.67%
					

						8.00%
					

						9.33%
					

						10.67%
					



						28%
					

						5.56%
					

						6.94%
					

						8.33%
					

						9.72%
					

						11.11%
					



						33%
					

						5.97%
					

						7.46%
					

						8.96%
					

						10.45%
					

						11.94%
					



						35%
					

						6.15%
					

						7.69%
					

						9.23%
					

						10.77%
					

						12.31%
					



						39.6%
					

						6.62%
					

						8.28%
					

						9.93%
					

						11.59%
					

						13.25%
					



				You can see you would need to earn much more from a taxable investment to match a municipal bond's after-tax yield. For instance,
				if your fund is yielding 5.00% tax-free and your tax rate is
				28%, you would need a taxable investment to yield 6.94% to match the same after-tax cash flow. 
			

This chart is for illustrative purposes only and is not intended to reflect past or predict future performance 
				for any particular investment. They do not take into account the effects of the federal alternative minimum tax (AMT) 
				or capital gains taxes.  This information is general in nature and should not be considered tax advice.  
				Nuveen is not a tax advisor and investors should consult with a qualified tax consultant as to their particular 
				situation.






						Investor Profile

						Are these CEFs right for you?

						The features and investment objectives of these funds might be especially appealing to investors seeking:


							Potential for attractive, monthly tax-free income

							Diversification of a portfolio otherwise comprised of taxable fixed-income
							and equity securities

							Reduction of the amount of investment income subject to taxes.


						What are potential risks?


							Municipal bond fund income may be subject to state and local income taxes and the alternative minimum tax. Capital gains, if any, will
							be subject to capital gains tax.

							Municipal bonds are subject to interest rate risk, or the risk
							that the bonds will decline in value because of changes in market interest rates.

							Municipal bonds are also subject to call risk, and credit risk.









			Nuveen's Municipal Bond Closed-End Funds


Select a national fund...
Nuveen Quality Municipal Income Fund-NAD
Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund-NZF
Nuveen Enhanced Municipal Value Fund-NEV
Nuveen Intermediate Duration Municipal Term Fund-NID
Nuveen Intermediate Duration Quality Municipal Term Fund-NIQ
Nuveen Municipal 2021 Target Term Fund-NHA
Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund-NMZ
Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund-NVG
Nuveen AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund-NEA
Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc.-NUV
Nuveen Municipal Income Fund, Inc.-NMI
Nuveen Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio-NXP
Nuveen Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio 2-NXQ
Nuveen Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio 3-NXR
Nuveen Select Maturities Municipal Fund-NIM
Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund-NUW




Select a state fund...
Nuveen Arizona Quality Municipal Income Fund-NAZ
Nuveen California Quality Municipal Income Fund-NAC
Nuveen California AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund-NKX
Nuveen California Municipal Value Fund, Inc.-NCA
Nuveen California Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio-NXC
Nuveen California Municipal Value Fund 2-NCB
Nuveen Connecticut Quality Municipal Income Fund-NTC
Nuveen Georgia Quality Municipal Income Fund-NKG
Nuveen Maryland Quality Municipal Income Fund-NMY
Nuveen Massachusetts Quality Municipal Income Fund-NMT
Nuveen Michigan Quality Municipal Income Fund-NUM
Nuveen Minnesota Quality Municipal Income Fund-NMS
Nuveen Missouri Quality Municipal Income Fund-NOM
Nuveen New Jersey Quality Municipal Income Fund-NXJ
Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund-NJV
Nuveen New York Quality Municipal Income Fund-NAN
Nuveen New York AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund-NRK
Nuveen New York Municipal Value Fund, Inc.-NNY
Nuveen New York Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio-NXN
Nuveen New York Municipal Value Fund 2-NYV
Nuveen North Carolina Quality Municipal Income Fund-NNC
Nuveen Ohio Quality Municipal Income Fund-NUO
Nuveen Pennsylvania Quality Municipal Income Fund-NQP
Nuveen Pennsylvania Municipal Value Fund-NPN
Nuveen Texas Quality Municipal Income Fund-NTX
Nuveen Virginia Quality Municipal Income Fund-NPV
























Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE







See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.

	14831-INV-AN-03/17




















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds




















	CEF Types & Strategies | Nuveen














































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us













Strategies


MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF




Overview
Taxable Income
Tax-Exempt Income
Multi-Strategy
Equity









CEF Types & Strategies

Find out more about the types of closed-end funds we offer and their investment
			strategies using the chart below.





Multi-Strategy



				 

Global Debt

Equity Option



Preferred Securities

MBS

Global Equity



Floating Rate

MLPs

Domestic Equity



Municipal Debt

REITs

				 





Chart Definitions
Income-oriented closed-end funds make payouts largely from interest	and dividends.
Income and capital appreciation funds seek regular cash	flow made up of interest and dividends, with the remainder from capital appreciation or, if necessary, return of capital.
Capital appreciation and income closed-end funds seek cash flow mainly from capital appreciation.
Single-asset-class funds invest primarily in one asset class, which can be used as components in a well-diversified income portfolio.
Pre-packaged combinations are funds featuring multiple asset types, which are designed to work together to diversify fund cash flow risks.






















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE







See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.




















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds





















	Page Not Found | Nuveen Investments































Nuveen Investments













Page Not Found

The page you are trying to reach is unavailable.
Please visit the Nuveen.com Home page or try to find the page you are looking for with the search page.


Additional Starting Pages
In addition to the Nuveen.com Home page, there are several other locations on the site from which to start.


Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts




Literature Center
Featured Commentary
Videos
Retirement Solutions
Knowledge Center















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









Before investing, carefully consider fund investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other information that should be read carefully, please view the prospectus or summary prospectus.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE







See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.












	Income Investing | CEF | Nuveen



















































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us


































Closed the Income Gap®
with Nuveen Closed-End Funds



Closed-End Funds Offer Attractive Income Potential
In the search for increased income opportunities, closed-end funds can be a smart choice. Designed and built for income, closed-end funds seek to provide regular, stable cash flow over time and can serve as a compelling tool for optimizing an income portfolio.
Consider closed-end funds if you’re seeking to:1


1


Enhance Income and Cash Flow
Because of their unique closed structure and ability to use leverage,2 closed-end funds offer potentially higher distributions3 than traditional income investments.4


2


Manage Interest Rate Risk 
Floating rate, shorter duration or equity closed-end funds may help reduce a portfolio’s interest rate sensitivity.


3


Protect Purchasing Power
Closed-end funds that invest in real assets and dividend-paying stocks, which typically increase their payments with rising inflation, may help buffer the effects of rising inflation.


4


Maximize After-Tax Efficiency
Nuveen offers a wide array of national, state specific and AMT-free municipal closed-end funds that may help reduce your tax liability on investment income.5


5


Improve Diversification
With strategies that provide access to specialized asset classes, including alternatives, Nuveen closed-end funds may enhance portfolio diversification.





Additional Resources



How Do CEFs Compare? 


Additional Advisor Resources










What is a Closed-End Fund?
Anne KritzmireClosed-End Fund & Structured Products










Consider Nuveen closed-end funds if you’re seeking1



Fund Name
Ticker
Leveraged?
Primary Investment Focus 
Enhance Income
Manage Interest Rate Risk
Protect Purchasing Power
Maximize After-Tax Efficiency
Improve Diversification 




Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt


Nuveen Quality Municipal Income Fund
NAD
•
Investment Grade Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund
NVG
•
AMT-Free, Hybrid Investment Grade/High Yield Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc.
NUV

Investment Grade Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund
NMZ
•
High Yield Municipal Bonds
•


•





Taxable Debt


Nuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund
JQC
•
Senior Loans
•
•
•

•


Nuveen Mortgage Opportunity Term Fund
JLS
•
Mortgage-Backed Securities
•
•


•


Nuveen Preferred Securities Income Fund
JPS
•
Preferred Securities
•






Nuveen Global High Income Fund
JGH
•
Global High Yield Securities
•
•


•




Equity


Nuveen Real Asset Income and Growth Fund
JRI
•
Real Assets
•
•
•

•


Nuveen Tax-Advantaged Total Return Strategy Fund
JTA
•
Equity-Global
•
•
•

•


Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund
BXMX

Equity-Option
•
•

•
•








There is no guarantee that any of the funds will achieve their stated objectives. For detailed information on the specific risks associated with each fund, please view the fund overview by clicking on the fund name above.
1 Goal classifications represent common investor concerns when evaluating portfolio needs, are provided for informational purposes only, and are not intended to be relied upon as investment advice or recommendations.
2 Leverage typically magnifies the total return of a fund’s portfolio, whether that return is positive or negative, and creates an opportunity for increased common share net income as well as higher volatility of net asset value, market price, and distributions. There is no assurance that a fund’s leveraging strategy will be successful.
3 Potential distribution sources include net investment income, realized gains and return of capital.  
4 Different types of asset investments have different types of risks, which may provide higher returns but also greater volatility. In general, equity securities tend to be more volatile that fixed income securities. The value of, and income generated by, debt securities will decrease or increase based on changes in market interest rates. As interest rates risk, bond prices fall. In general, below investment grade (high-yield) debt securities tend to be more volatile than investment grade securities. Preferred securities are subordinated to bonds and other debt instruments in a company's capital structure, and therefore are subject to greater credit risk. The interest and principal payments of U.S. Treasury securities are guaranteed.
5 Income may be subject to state and local income taxes and the alternative minimum tax. Capital gains, if any, will be subject to capital gains tax.














Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
21247-INV-Y-03/17



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds




















	Closed-End Funds Video Library - Nuveen Investments | Nuveen









































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us















			Video Library



Economic & Market
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds







Closed-End Funds



Featured video





Building Income. Building America. 
Highlights of NUV’s thirty-year legacy. Since its IPO in June 1987 – the largest in the history of the NYSE at the time – the fund has given its shareholders opportunities for regular income and to help build vital infrastructure across the country.




More videos






Investing across the Capital Structure
Susi Budiman, CFA
						Fixed Income Portfolio Manager
						October 2016
						




What is a Closed-End Fund?
Anne Kritzmire
						Closed-End Fund & Structured Products
						




The Use of Leverage in Closed-End Funds
Anne Kritzmire
						Closed-End Fund & Structured Products
						




Closed-End Funds are Designed for Cash Flow
Anne Kritzmire
						Closed-End Fund & Structured Products
						




Exchange-Traded Access to Closed-End Funds
Anne Kritzmire
						Closed-End Fund & Structured Products
						




Closed-End Fund Premiums and Discounts
Anne Kritzmire
						Closed-End Fund & Structured Products
						




Understanding Return of Capital
Anne Kritzmire
						Closed-End Fund & Structured Products
						




Distribution Approaches in Closed-End Funds
Anne Kritzmire
						Closed-End Fund & Structured Products
						




4 Key Concepts for Understanding Closed-End Funds
Anne Kritzmire
						Closed-End Fund & Structured Products
						




The information provided is not a complete analysis of every market, industry, sector, or security discussed. The statements included are the views and opinions of the speaker as of the date specified, and these views may change as subsequent market conditions arise, and may also differ from other Nuveen associates or affiliates. A speaker’s assessment of a particular security, investment or strategy is not intended as a forecast, research, or recommendation to buy or sell any security. Videos and webcasts are current as of the date they were recorded and have not been updated since that time. The content may not reflect the current views of the featured speaker and may not reflect recent market activity.
No part of this material may be reproduced in any form, or referred to in any other publication, without express written permission.
Closed end funds are subject to market risk,  including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.


















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.







		23830-INV-AN-03/18
	













Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

















































































American Funds



































































































All Funds | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ American Funds                                















American Funds















 ALL FUNDS


INVESTMENT TRACKER

-- FUNDS
								


COMPARE FUNDS


DOWNLOAD DATA
























Returns


			|
		

Daily Prices & Yields


			|
		

Symbols & Fund Numbers

			
|			
Literature







FILTER BY


Objective


Growth
Growth & Income
Equity-Income
Balanced
Bond
Tax-Exempt Bond
Money Market Funds
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
College Target Date
Retirement Target Date





Or



Asset Type 
					


Equity
Balanced
Fixed Income Taxable
Fixed Income tax exempt
Money Market







Investment Tracker
--
 Funds


					Add American Funds to your Investment Tracker by checking boxes below and choosing the Add To Tracker link above or below the table.
				





 American Funds

		Important: Class B and 529-B shares were no longer available for purchase as of April 21, 2009. All B and 529-B shares finished converting to A and 529-A shares on April 10, 2017.
	
















Share Class 
							



A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6






Returns
								









Monthly








Quarterly










at MOP/with CDSC








at NAV














Show Indices







ADD TO TRACKER





 PRINT

















Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















Fund Name

		Prices & Returns


		Yields
		



Price 
				
	
Change  ($)
			
	
Change  (%)
			
	
YTD
		
	

7-Day
		 SEC Yield at NAV
		
	
30-day SEC Yield NAV


12-Month Dist. Rate at NAV
		




At NAV as of -- (updated daily)
As of -- (updated monthly)








Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















1- of  results
0 results



ADD TO TRACKER


















































































































































The Bond Fund of America - ABNDX | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ The Bond Fund of America                                                ®


















BOND FUNDS


The Bond Fund of America ®
								(ABNDX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A Core Bond Portfolio With Broad Diversification.						  
Our most diversified bond fund invests in nearly every sector of the bond market, with a focus on securities rated A or above.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$12.98					
as of 07/21/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$34,575.9
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

7					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.61%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



0.24%
1-year return

        


2.27%
5-year return

        


3.12%
10-year return

        



1.80%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



-3.51%
1-year return

        


1.49%
5-year return

        


2.73%
10-year return

        



1.80%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds81.3%

Non-U.S. Bonds13.3%



Cash & Equivalents5.4%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures


Fixed-Income



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 fixed income   
																				  funds
		

 ABNDX
 Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Fund Statistics 
			




7.1 years
Average Life 


5.2 years
Average Duration 


3.0%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


2.9%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Moderate Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objective is to provide as high a level of current income as is consistent with the preservation of capital.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

Broadly diversified fixed-income fund with flexibility to respond to various bond market conditions.					



						Types of Investments
					

Primarily invests in corporate debt securities, U.S. and other government securities, mortgage-related securities and cash.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

May invest up to 25% of assets in fixed-income securities of corporations and government entities outside the United States.			         



			            Maturity
			        

Typically, the fund will be invested in intermediate- to long-term securities.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund generally invests at least 80% of its assets in bonds, including corporate bonds, U.S. government securities and money market instruments. At least 60% of its assets will be invested in securities rated A3/A- or better at the time of purchase (or unrated but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality). It is the fund’s current practice not to invest more than 10% of its assets in debt securities rated Ba1 and BB+ or below.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							05/28/1974

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$34,575.9

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							710+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							1,223,218

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Monthly



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							--

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							363%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							097873 10 3

						Fund Number
						
					
							8












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 ABNDX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 ABNDX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for ABNDX through 07/21/2017.
            

 ABNDX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

1.78%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

1.71%					

1.80%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Pramod Atluri

19
1
1



Andrew F. Barth

32
32
7



David J. Betanzos

17
15
1



David A. Hoag

29
26
8



Fergus N. MacDonald

25
14
2



Robert H. Neithart

30
30
8



John H. Smet

35
34
28



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (856)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(856 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(767 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(540 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Above Average

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					Intermediate-Term Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated


(422)



(422)



(382)



(287)



Expense Within Category  Funds Rated


(128)



(128)



(124)



(102)



Preservation Within Category Funds Rated



							(5783)



(5783)



(4861)



(3179)



Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated


(427)



(427)



(387)



(292)



Total Return Within Category Funds Rated


(427)



(427)



(387)



(292)





Category
Core Bond Funds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST


 As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 


Fund

Standard Deviation 

4.35                        


Sharpe Ratio 

0.61                        










                            American Funds/Morningstar Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)





                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

56                        


Beta 

1.00                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
135/93










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
28.7%


AAA/Aaa
29.7%


AA/Aa
4.2%


A
12.6%


BBB/Baa
16.5%


BB/Ba
2.0%


B
0.5%


CCC & Below
0.1%


Unrated
0.3%


Cash & equivalents
5.4%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
44.5%


5-9.9 Years
40.3%


10-19.9 Years
1.5%


20-29.9 Years
8.1%


30+ Years
0.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
31.4%


Financials
7.6%


Health Care
5.1%


Energy
4.7%


Utilities
3.4%


Consumer discretionary
3.3%


Consumer staples
1.8%


Information technology
1.4%


Other corporate bonds & notes
1.3%


Industrials
1.1%


Telecommunication services
1%


Materials
0.7%









U.S. government & government agency bonds & notes
28.7%







Mortgage-backed obligations
+
21.9%


Agency
20.3%


Non-Agency
1.1%


Commercial
0.5%









Asset-backed obligations
9%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
2.4%







Municipal securities
1.2%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

28.6%



Fannie Mae

8.3%



Freddie Mac

7.9%



Ginnie Mae

4.0%



Chase Issuance Trust

1.6%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
81.30%


Europe
7.20%


Asia & Pacific Basin
2.40%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
3.70%


Cash & equivalents
5.40%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

2.8%
			


Japanese yen
2.3%


Mexican peso
0.1%


Euros
0.1%


Other currencies
0.3%


U.S. Dollar
97.2%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
81.3%


United Kingdom
1.8%


Germany
1.5%


Canada
1.1%


Japan
1.0%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS

CURRENT DAILY DIVIDENDS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




Daily
01/31/17
02/01/17
$0.0181691
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.76


Daily
02/28/17
03/01/17
$0.0174214
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.82


Daily
03/31/17
04/03/17
$0.0230002
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.80


Daily
04/28/17
05/01/17
$0.0202585
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.88


Daily
05/31/17
06/01/17
$0.0184525
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.95


Daily
06/30/17
07/03/17
$0.0191101
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.92






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.11641176


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.11641176




				 as of 7/21/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00174905
07/03/2017


0.00119462
07/05/2017


0.00060210
07/06/2017


0.00067807
07/07/2017


0.00180535
07/10/2017


0.00061957
07/11/2017


0.00059981
07/12/2017


0.00062132
07/13/2017


0.00065259
07/14/2017


0.00183369
07/17/2017


0.00061809
07/18/2017


0.00060668
07/19/2017


0.00063126
07/20/2017


0.00066526
07/21/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date





Daily

01/31/2017
02/01/2017








 






 











						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00174905
07/03/2017


0.00119462
07/05/2017


0.00060210
07/06/2017


0.00067807
07/07/2017


0.00180535
07/10/2017


0.00061957
07/11/2017


0.00059981
07/12/2017


0.00062132
07/13/2017


0.00065259
07/14/2017


0.00183369
07/17/2017


0.00061809
07/18/2017


0.00060668
07/19/2017


0.00063126
07/20/2017


0.00066526
07/21/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.19%


Other Expenses
0.18%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.61%


Lipper 		 Core Bond
 Funds Average
	


0.81%			








Resources






			Literature for ABNDX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
08/16





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Fund Highlights
(PDF) 
05/17











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Bond Fund of America (ABNDX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Tuesday, May 28, 1974) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1974), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Bond Fund of America (ABNDX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Core Bond Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income
 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for ABNDX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.

















































































































































All Funds | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ American Funds                                















American Funds















 ALL FUNDS


INVESTMENT TRACKER

-- FUNDS
								


COMPARE FUNDS


DOWNLOAD DATA
























Returns


			|
		

Daily Prices & Yields


			|
		

Symbols & Fund Numbers

			
|			
Literature







FILTER BY


Objective


Growth
Growth & Income
Equity-Income
Balanced
Bond
Tax-Exempt Bond
Money Market Funds
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
College Target Date
Retirement Target Date





Or



Asset Type 
					


Equity
Balanced
Fixed Income Taxable
Fixed Income tax exempt
Money Market







Investment Tracker
--
 Funds


					Add American Funds to your Investment Tracker by checking boxes below and choosing the Add To Tracker link above or below the table.
				





 American Funds

		Important: Class B and 529-B shares were no longer available for purchase as of April 21, 2009. All B and 529-B shares finished converting to A and 529-A shares on April 10, 2017.
	
















Share Class 
							



A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6






Returns
								









Monthly








Quarterly










at MOP/with CDSC








at NAV














Show Indices







ADD TO TRACKER





 PRINT

















Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















Fund Name

		Prices & Returns


		Yields
		



Price 
				
	
Change  ($)
			
	
Change  (%)
			
	
YTD
		
	

7-Day
		 SEC Yield at NAV
		
	
30-day SEC Yield NAV


12-Month Dist. Rate at NAV
		




At NAV as of -- (updated daily)
As of -- (updated monthly)








Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















1- of  results
0 results



ADD TO TRACKER


















































































































































American High-Income Trust - AHITX | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ American High-Income Trust                                                ®


















BOND FUNDS


American High-Income Trust ®
								(AHITX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A well-researched approach to high-yield investing.						  
Holds carefully researched, higher yielding, lower rated bonds with the potential for capital appreciation as company and economic fundamentals improve. More correlated with stocks than bonds.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$10.49					
as of 07/21/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$17,382.2
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

4					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.71%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



11.74%
1-year return

        


5.36%
5-year return

        


5.48%
10-year return

        



3.79%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



7.59%
1-year return

        


4.57%
5-year return

        


5.08%
10-year return

        



3.79%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities1.4%

Non-U.S. Equities0.4%



U.S. Bonds76.1%

Non-U.S. Bonds16.8%



Cash & Equivalents5.3%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures


Fixed-Income



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 fixed income   
																				  funds
		

 AHITX
 Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Fund Statistics 
			




4.1 years
Average Life 


3.3 years
Average Duration 


6.5%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


6.4%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Low Quality


Limited Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income. Its secondary investment objective is capital appreciation.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

A diversified portfolio of lower rated, higher yielding bonds. The fund's portfolio managers pay close attention to balancing the fund's high current income objective with potential principal risk when selecting securities.					



						Types of Investments
					

At least 65% of the portfolio will be invested in high-yield, lower rated bonds (Ba or BB or below at the time of purchase, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality) and other similar securities, including preferred stocks. Up to 25% of assets may be invested in common stocks or equity-related securities.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

Up to 25% of assets may be invested in securities of issuers outside the U.S., which may be denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.			         



			            Maturity
			        

Typically, the fund will be invested in intermediate- to long-term securities.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							02/19/1988

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$17,382.2

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 9/30/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							380+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							717,858

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Monthly



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							--

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							76%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Sep

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							026547 10 9

						Fund Number
						
					
							21












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 AHITX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 AHITX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for AHITX through 07/21/2017.
            

 AHITX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

5.31%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

5.11%					

3.79%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



David C. Barclay

36
29
27



Tom Chow

28
2
2



David A. Daigle

23
23
13



Tara L. Torrens

14
14
2



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (590)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(590 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(474 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(317 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Above Average

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					High Yield Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated


(564)



(564)



(457)



(303)



Expense Within Category  Funds Rated


(167)



(167)



(138)



(102)



Preservation Within Category Funds Rated



							(5783)



(5783)



(4861)



(3179)



Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated


(566)



(566)



(458)



(304)



Total Return Within Category Funds Rated


(566)



(566)



(458)



(304)





Category
High Yield Funds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST


 As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 





Fund


Standard Deviation 


9.99                        


Sharpe Ratio 


0.53                        









                            American Funds Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated quarterly)


                            Morningstar  Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated monthly)




                            Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index
                        

                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

97                        

5                        


Beta 

0.93                        

0.66                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
103/89
99/114










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
1.3%


A
0.0%


BBB/Baa
2.0%


BB/Ba
22.1%


B
43.4%


CCC & Below
22.4%


Unrated
1.7%


Cash & equivalents
5.3%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
61.1%


5-9.9 Years
28.8%


10-19.9 Years
1.3%


20-29.9 Years
1.6%


30+ Years
0.1%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
91.1%


Industrials
9%


Information technology
7.4%


Utilities
4%


Financials
3.1%


Other corporate bonds & notes
2.4%


Consumer staples
2.2%


Energy
14.8%


Health Care
13.2%


Consumer discretionary
12.9%


Materials
11.2%


Telecommunication services
10.9%









Other bonds & notes
1.5%







Convertible securities
1.1%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




Valeant Pharmaceuticals International

2.7%



Sprint

1.8%



Tenet Healthcare

1.8%



Altice

1.6%



First Quantum Minerals

1.6%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
77.50%


Europe
7.50%


Asia & Pacific Basin
1.90%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
7.80%


Cash & equivalents
5.30%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

0.2%
			


Other currencies
0.2%


U.S. Dollar
99.8%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
77.5%


Canada
6.1%


Netherlands
2.0%


United Kingdom
1.3%


Luxembourg
1.1%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS

CURRENT DAILY DIVIDENDS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




Daily
01/31/17
02/01/17
$0.0455357
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.36


Daily
02/28/17
03/01/17
$0.0402637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.46


Daily
03/31/17
04/03/17
$0.0484023
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.40


Daily
04/28/17
05/01/17
$0.0470432
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.44


Daily
05/31/17
06/01/17
$0.0488094
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.47


Daily
06/30/17
07/03/17
$0.0448773
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.43






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.27493161


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.27493161




				 as of 7/21/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00468870
07/03/2017


0.00312428
07/05/2017


0.00158506
07/06/2017


0.00158493
07/07/2017


0.00477266
07/10/2017


0.00158523
07/11/2017


0.00166222
07/12/2017


0.00167723
07/13/2017


0.00158405
07/14/2017


0.00484819
07/17/2017


0.00154268
07/18/2017


0.00160174
07/19/2017


0.00159160
07/20/2017


0.00159972
07/21/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date





Daily

01/31/2017
02/01/2017








 






 











						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00468870
07/03/2017


0.00312428
07/05/2017


0.00158506
07/06/2017


0.00158493
07/07/2017


0.00477266
07/10/2017


0.00158523
07/11/2017


0.00166222
07/12/2017


0.00167723
07/13/2017


0.00158405
07/14/2017


0.00484819
07/17/2017


0.00154268
07/18/2017


0.00160174
07/19/2017


0.00159160
07/20/2017


0.00159972
07/21/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.29%


Other Expenses
0.18%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.71%


Lipper 		 High Yield
 Funds Average
	


1.05%			








Resources






			Literature for AHITX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
11/16




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
05/17





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
11/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the lowest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High-Yield 2% Issuer Capped: Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index covers the universe of fixed-rate, non-investment-grade debt. The index limits the maximum exposure of any one issuer to 2%.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 American High-Income Trust (AHITX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index     
Lipper High Yield Funds Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High-Yield 2% Issuer Capped: Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index covers the universe of fixed-rate, non-investment-grade debt. The index limits the maximum exposure of any one issuer to 2%.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Friday, February 19, 1988) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1988), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 American High-Income Trust (AHITX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index
Lipper High Yield Funds Index
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High-Yield 2% Issuer Capped: Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index covers the universe of fixed-rate, non-investment-grade debt. The index limits the maximum exposure of any one issuer to 2%.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income
 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index
Lipper High Yield Funds Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for AHITX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.














































































































































American Funds Strategic Bond Fund - ANBAX | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ American Funds Strategic Bond Fund                                                SM


















BOND FUNDS


American Funds Strategic Bond Fund SM
(ANBAX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A Multisector Fund Majoring in Rates and Minoring in Credit.						  
A flexible core fund that will rely on high-conviction ideas, which may primarily involve active management of duration, yield curve and inflation expectations with a focus on risk management and monitoring. Can invest in extended bond sectors on an opportunistic basis.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$10.32					
as of 07/21/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$435.5
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

3					


Expense Ratio 
					

1.03%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



1.12%
1-year return

        


--
5-year return

        


3.42%
Lifetime return
				(03/18/2016)




2.36%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



-2.66%
1-year return

        


--
5-year return

        


0.38%
Lifetime return
				(03/18/2016)




2.36%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds69.5%

Non-U.S. Bonds23.5%



Cash & Equivalents7.0%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	



Read important investment disclosures



Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.

 






Fund Statistics 
			




8.8 years
Average Life 


3.0 years
Average Duration 


2.3%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


0.8%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Limited Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund’s investment objective is to provide maximum total return consistent with preservation of capital.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

A multi-sector fund that acts like a bond fund. Its relatively small concentration in high-yield bonds is designed to result in a low correlation to equities.					



						Types of Investments
					

Government debt and agency bonds, corporate bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, emerging markets debt, non-U.S., municipals and high-yield.					





			            Maturity
			        

The bond maturities that the fund targets will vary depending on the current strategy being implemented.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest no more than 50% of its assets in securities rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality) at the time of purchase, including high-yield corporate bonds or those issued by developing country governments and companies. The fund may invest up to 10% of its assets in equity securities and certain securities with a combination of debt and equity characteristics. The fund may invest up to 50% of its assets in securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The fund may invest up to 40% of its assets in securities of emerging market issuers.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							03/18/2016

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$435.5

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							100+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							12,766

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							539%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							02631E 10 2

						Fund Number
						
					
							30112












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 ANBAX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 ANBAX





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for ANBAX through 07/21/2017.
            

 ANBAX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

0.72%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

0.70%					

2.36%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



David A. Hoag

29
26
1



Damien J. McCann

17
17
1



Ritchie Tuazon

17
6
1



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (--)


						--
				


3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


						--
				


5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


						--
				


10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


--




Overall Morningstar Risk 


--





Category 

					Multisector Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
						-- 
						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated














Expense Within Category  Funds Rated














Preservation Within Category Funds Rated














Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated














Total Return Within Category Funds Rated
















Category
Multi-Sector Income Fds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST









Risk Measures

For the 3 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 


Fund

Standard Deviation 

                                -- 
                        


Sharpe Ratio 

                                -- 
                        










                            American Funds/Morningstar Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)





                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

                                -- 
                        


Beta 

                                -- 
                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
--/--










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
36.6%


AAA/Aaa
0.6%


AA/Aa
6.1%


A
17.3%


BBB/Baa
21.4%


BB/Ba
6.0%


B
2.6%


CCC & Below
1.1%


Unrated
1.3%


Cash & equivalents
7.0%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
14.5%


5-9.9 Years
61.2%


10-19.9 Years
4.1%


20-29.9 Years
12.0%


30+ Years
1.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
45.3%


Financials
8.1%


Health Care
7.3%


Energy
6.9%


Consumer discretionary
4.3%


Utilities
3.9%


Information technology
3.6%


Industrials
3.5%


Consumer staples
3.2%


Materials
2.9%


Telecommunication services
1.2%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.4%









U.S. Treasury bonds & notes
36.6%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
9.7%







Municipal securities
1.1%







Other bonds & notes
0.3%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

36.7%



Japan

5.3%



India Government

2.6%



Broadcom

1.6%



Shire

1.4%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
69.50%


Europe
7.20%


Asia & Pacific Basin
10.30%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
6.00%


Cash & equivalents
7.00%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

10.7%
			


Japanese yen
5.4%


Euros
1.7%


Other currencies
3.6%


U.S. Dollar
89.3%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
69.5%


Japan
5.7%


United Kingdom
3.3%


Canada
2.8%


India
2.6%


Australia
2.0%


Brazil
1.3%


Switzerland
1.1%


Kuwait
0.8%


Portugal
0.8%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/17/17
03/17/17
03/20/17
$0.02
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.12


06/16/17
06/16/17
06/19/17
$0.02
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.28






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.04


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.04




				 as of 7/21/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.57%


Other Expenses
0.16%


Service 12b-1
0.30%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio




Gross
Net


Fund
	

1.03%
1.01%


Lipper 		 Multi-Sector Income
 Funds Average
	



					1.06%
				








Resources






			Literature for ANBAX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
04/17




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
08/16




Annual Report
(PDF) 
02/17




Q&A
(PDF) 
06/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 American Funds Strategic Bond Fund (ANBAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Friday, March 18, 2016) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (2016), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 American Funds Strategic Bond Fund (ANBAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Multi-Sector Income Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for ANBAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.














































































































































American Funds

































Fixed Income Center




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          




















 

$ {headerPrefix } 
























Navigating Global Bond Markets















Navigating Global Bond Markets

 / 























The Global Bond Markets Are Changing





The global bond market is undergoing a series of profound changes, challenging the traditional role of income and stability that bonds have played and creating new opportunities. We believe investors should understand these changes and adapt their portfolios to the new fixed-income landscape.











Interest Rates May Challenge Investors
 






Opportunities Exist Across the Globe, Across the Spectrum
 






Divergence in Global Growth
 






Lower Liquidity, May Mean Higher Volatility
 











Can Your Portfolio Keep Up?





We believe investors should consider dynamic and flexible fixed income investments that attempt to neutralize or even benefit from rising interest rates. Investors should also consider strategies that seek value across all sectors of the global fixed income market, allowing them to diversify geographically and take advantage of diverging growth patterns.  Overall investors may prefer highly liquid mutual funds for their long-term investments, not individual bonds, and money market funds for their short-term investments.









Explore Our Products





GS Strategic Income Fund

	       A Flexible Global Bond Portfolio Designed to Serve as a Core Income-Oriented Investment
	    

GSZIX 





GS Dynamic Municipal Income Fund

	       Helps Navigate a Changing Municipal Bond Market
	    

GSMTX 





GS Global Income Fund

	       A U.S. Dollar-Hedged Fund that Provides Access to Global High-Quality Bonds
	    

GSGLX 





GS High Quality Floating Rate Fund

	       A Money Market Fund Seeking a High Level of Current Income With Low Volatility of Principal
	    

GSARX 










The GSAM Global Fixed Income Team





In the past, fixed income managers only had to make three investment decisions: the direction of interest rates, the allocation to government and corporate bonds, and the selection of individual securities. Today, multiple factors may impact the global bond markets making a skilled manager essential.
The GSAM Global Fixed Income team has experience actively investing across the global spectrum. With more than 225 investment professionals located in major markets around the world, including New York, London and Tokyo, the team has the breadth and depth to cover every sector of the global fixed income market, employing industry-leading risk management capabilities with proprietary risk models comprising more than 800 unique risk factors. With more than $471 billion in assets under management, the team pursues strong, consistent performance across the fixed income market. 










Related Insights















 Markets Brace for Bear Case

 There are grounds for concern and potential drivers of volatility in 2016. However, we still see opportunities in select areas and relative value strategies. 


















												Where We See Value in High Yield Bonds
											


We believe select areas of the high-yield bond market can offer attractive compensation relative to today’s increased fundamental risk.










												Three Reasons to Consider Global Bonds Now
											


Having a purely domestic bond exposure may have served investors well in the past, but we believe a changing fixed-income landscape creates a new logic to consider international bonds.

















                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               





















































California Municipal Bond Fund (EVM) | Eaton Vance Funds
































































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies














Go to:


Eaton Vance U.S. Home

Eaton Vance U.S. HomeU.S Institutions HomeEaton Vance U.S. FundsU.S. Charitable HomeOffshore HomeGlobal Home













InvestorAccount Access 
Investment Professional Sign In










California Municipal Bond Fund  




EVM
Symbol



$12.54
$0.02


NAV as of Jul 21, 2017



$11.80
$0.05


MKT as of Jul 21, 2017


-5.90%
Premium/Discountas of Jul 21, 2017





Relateddocuments



 Fact SheetMar 31, 2017


 CEF Connect - EVM











 

 Overview

Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017


























Annualized



1 Mo.
3 Mos.
YTD
1 Yr.
3 Yrs.
5 Yrs.
10 Yrs.


 
Fund at NAV
-0.38
2.74
4.56
-1.67
5.00
5.51
4.53


Market Price
0.33
3.58
4.71
-11.55
5.70
4.57
3.82





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volatili ty, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than quoted. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at NAV. Returns are historical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in net asset value or market  price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested and includes management fees and other expenses. Until the reinvestment of Fund distributions is completed, returns are calculated using the lower of the net asset value or market price of the shar es on the distribution ex date.  Once the reinvestment is complete, returns are calculated using the average reinvestment price.  Performance less than or equal to one year is cumulative.






Distribution Rates1







as of Jul 20, 2017


 
Distribution Rate at NAV
4.67%


Taxable-Equivalent Distribution Rate at NAV
9.52%


Distribution Rate at Market Price
4.97%


Taxable-Equivalent Distribution Rate at Market Price
10.13%







Fund Factsas of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Performance Inception
08/30/2002


Investment Objective
Current income


CUSIP
27828A100







Portfolio Management




 
Craig R. Brandon, CFA


Managed Fund since 2014






The information included herein does not reflect securities deemed to be held by the Fund pursuant to financial accounting standard 140 (FAS 140).


The information contained herein is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell Fund shares.  Common shares of the Fund are only available for purchase and sale at current market price on a s tock exchange.  There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective. The Fund is subject to numerous risks, including investment risks. Shares of closed-end funds often trade at a discount from their net asset value.  The Fund is no t a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in the Fund. An investment in the Fund may not be appropriate for all investors.  Investors should review and consider carefully the Fund’s investment objective, risks, charges and ex penses.The premium/discount is calculated as [(market price/NAV)-1].


Links to Morningstar Fact Sheet and CEF Connect: By clicking on the link from this page to the Morningstar fact sheet or CEF Connect, you will leave the Eaton Vance website.  Eaton Vance is not responsible for the content of any such third-party website.   See “Terms and Conditions” below.



1. Distribution Rate at NAV and Market Price is calculated by dividing the last distribution paid per share (annualized) by NAV or market price, respectively. For National Municipal Funds, Taxable-Equivalent Distribution Rate at NAV and Market Price is calc ulated using a 43.4% tax rate (equals maximum individual federal tax rate adjusted for the Medicare surtax). For Single-State Municipal Funds, Taxable-Equivalent Distribution Rates also reflect maximum effective individual state income tax rates. Local i ncome taxes that may apply are not considered.
 Performance

Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017


























Annualized



1 Mo.
3 Mos.
YTD
1 Yr.
3 Yrs.
5 Yrs.
10 Yrs.


 
Fund at NAV
-0.38
2.74
4.56
-1.67
5.00
5.51
4.53


Market Price
0.33
3.58
4.71
-11.55
5.70
4.57
3.82





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volatili ty, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than quoted. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at NAV. Returns are historical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in net asset value or market  price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested and includes management fees and other expenses. Until the reinvestment of Fund distributions is completed, returns are calculated using the lower of the net asset value or market price of the shar es on the distribution ex date.  Once the reinvestment is complete, returns are calculated using the average reinvestment price.  Performance less than or equal to one year is cumulative.






Calendar Year Returns (%)







2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016


 
Fund at NAV
-1.60
-28.14
31.70
-1.78
17.86
16.05
-6.62
20.17
5.65
-0.45


Market Price
-4.73
-37.43
53.27
5.61
22.95
0.00
-10.66
22.06
9.32
-1.34







Fund Facts




 
Performance Inception
08/30/2002







Distribution Rates1







as of Jul 20, 2017


 
Distribution Rate at NAV
4.67%


Taxable-Equivalent Distribution Rate at NAV
9.52%


Distribution Rate at Market Price
4.97%


Taxable-Equivalent Distribution Rate at Market Price
10.13%







Distribution History2






Ex-Date
Distribution
Reinvest Price


 
Jul 20, 2017
$0.04870
$11.75


Jun 21, 2017
$0.04870
$11.69


May 22, 2017
$0.04870
$11.69


Apr 19, 2017
$0.04870
$11.60


Mar 22, 2017
$0.04870
$11.43


Feb 16, 2017
$0.04870
$11.53


Jan 20, 2017
$0.04870
$11.61


Dec 21, 2016
$0.04870
$11.47


Nov 21, 2016
$0.04870
$11.19


Oct 20, 2016
$0.04870
$12.18





View All






No records in this table indicates that there has not been a distribution greater than .0001 within the past 3 years.






Tax Character of Distributions








Exempt-Interest Dividends

 

 




Non-AMT
AMT
Total

Non-Qualified Ordinary Dividends
Capital Gain Distributions
Nondividend Distributions
Total Distributions


 
Distributions ($)
as of  Dec 31, 2016


2016
$0.66
$0.00
$0.66

$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$0.66


2015
$0.68
$0.00
$0.68

$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$0.68


2014
$0.66
$0.00
$0.66

$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$0.66


2013
$0.65
$0.00
$0.65

$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$0.65


2012
$0.68
$0.00
$0.68

$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$0.68


2011
$0.84
$0.00
$0.84

$0.01
$0.00
$0.00
$0.85


2010
$0.85
$0.00
$0.85

$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$0.85


2009
$0.80
$0.00
$0.80

$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$0.80


2008
$0.72
$0.00
$0.72

$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$0.72


2007
$0.73
$0.00
$0.73

$0.00
$0.23
$0.00
$0.96


2006
$0.76
$0.00
$0.76

$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$0.76


2005
$0.82
$0.00
$0.82

$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$0.82


 
Distributions (%)
as of  Dec 31, 2016


2016
99.45%
0.00%
99.45%

0.55%
0.00%
0.00%
100.00%


2015
99.99%
0.00%
99.99%

0.01%
0.00%
0.00%
100.00%


2014
100.00%
0.00%
100.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
100.00%


2013
99.85%
0.00%
99.85%

0.15%
0.00%
0.00%
100.00%


2012
99.93%
0.00%
99.93%

0.07%
0.00%
0.00%
100.00%


2011
99.49%
0.00%
99.49%

0.51%
0.00%
0.00%
100.00%


2010
99.93%
0.00%
99.93%

0.07%
0.00%
0.00%
100.00%


2009
99.99%
0.00%
99.99%

0.01%
0.00%
0.00%
100.00%


2008
99.92%
0.00%
99.92%

0.08%
0.00%
0.00%
100.00%


2007
76.06%
0.00%
76.06%

0.00%
23.94%
0.00%
100.00%


2006
100.00%
0.00%
100.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
100.00%


2005
100.00%
0.00%
100.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
100.00%





This data reflects distributions paid on Fund shares held for the full calendar year and is not predictive of the tax character of current or future distributions.  Fund shareholders should refer to the individual IRS Form 1099-DIVs provided to them shor tly after each year-end to determine the appropriate federal income tax treatment of the distributions they receive.  Eaton Vance is not responsible for any errors in tax reporting that may result from using the above data. Exempt-interest dividends are  not subject to regular federal income tax. Exempt-interest dividends derived from specified private activity bonds are subject to the alternative minimum tax (AMT). Non-qualified ordinary dividends are subject to federal income tax at ordinary rates. Cap ital gains distributions are taxable at long-term capital gain rates. Nondividend distributions, also known as return of capital distributions, are not subject to current federal income tax. Instead, the tax cost basis of each shareholder receiving a ret urn of capital distribution is reduced by the amount of the distribution.





The information contained herein is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell Fund shares.  Common shares of the Fund are only available for purchase and sale at current market price on a s tock exchange.  There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective. The Fund is subject to numerous risks, including investment risks. Shares of closed-end funds often trade at a discount from their net asset value.  The Fund is no t a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in the Fund. An investment in the Fund may not be appropriate for all investors.  Investors should review and consider carefully the Fund’s investment objective, risks, charges and ex penses.The premium/discount is calculated as [(market price/NAV)-1].


Links to Morningstar Fact Sheet and CEF Connect: By clicking on the link from this page to the Morningstar fact sheet or CEF Connect, you will leave the Eaton Vance website.  Eaton Vance is not responsible for the content of any such third-party website.   See “Terms and Conditions” below.



1. Distribution Rate at NAV and Market Price is calculated by dividing the last distribution paid per share (annualized) by NAV or market price, respectively. For National Municipal Funds, Taxable-Equivalent Distribution Rate at NAV and Market Price is calc ulated using a 43.4% tax rate (equals maximum individual federal tax rate adjusted for the Medicare surtax). For Single-State Municipal Funds, Taxable-Equivalent Distribution Rates also reflect maximum effective individual state income tax rates. Local i ncome taxes that may apply are not considered.
2. The Fund's distributions may be comprised of tax-exempt income, ordinary income, net realized capital gains and nondividend distributions, also known as return of capital. The federal income tax character of distributions paid to a shareholder is reporte d on the IRS Form 1099-DIV provided to the shareholder shortly after each year-end. Please consult your tax advisor for further information.
 Portfolio

Fund Holdings3,4as of  May 31, 2017







Holding
Coupon Rate
Maturity Date
% of Net Assets


 
Torrance Unified School District
5.00%
08/01/2035
3.29%


Hesperia Public Financing Authority
5.00%
09/01/2037
2.74%


University of Southern California
5.25%
10/01/2018
2.46%


Pomona Public Financing Authority
5.00%
02/01/2033
2.25%


Riverside Community College District
5.00%
08/01/2017
2.17%


San Juan Unified School District
0.00%
08/01/2021
1.97%


State of California
5.50%
11/01/2035
1.96%


Providence St Joseph Health Obligated Group
5.00%
07/01/2033
1.95%


San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit District
5.00%
08/01/2017
1.90%


Cedars-Sinai Medical Center
5.00%
08/15/2019
1.85%





View All







The information included herein does not reflect securities deemed to be held by the Fund pursuant to financial accounting standard 140 (FAS 140).


The information contained herein is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell Fund shares.  Common shares of the Fund are only available for purchase and sale at current market price on a s tock exchange.  There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective. The Fund is subject to numerous risks, including investment risks. Shares of closed-end funds often trade at a discount from their net asset value.  The Fund is no t a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in the Fund. An investment in the Fund may not be appropriate for all investors.  Investors should review and consider carefully the Fund’s investment objective, risks, charges and ex penses.The premium/discount is calculated as [(market price/NAV)-1].


Links to Morningstar Fact Sheet and CEF Connect: By clicking on the link from this page to the Morningstar fact sheet or CEF Connect, you will leave the Eaton Vance website.  Eaton Vance is not responsible for the content of any such third-party website.   See “Terms and Conditions” below.



3. The following list reflects unaudited securities holdings (excluding derivatives positions).  Holdings information may differ if presented as of trade date.  Due to rounding, holdings of less than 0.005% may show as 0.00%. Portfolio information subject t o change due to active management.
4. Percent of total net assets.
 Insights & Analysis  Commentary
No commentary information is currently available.


The information included herein does not reflect securities deemed to be held by the Fund pursuant to financial accounting standard 140 (FAS 140).


The information contained herein is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell Fund shares.  Common shares of the Fund are only available for purchase and sale at current market price on a s tock exchange.  There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective. The Fund is subject to numerous risks, including investment risks. Shares of closed-end funds often trade at a discount from their net asset value.  The Fund is no t a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in the Fund. An investment in the Fund may not be appropriate for all investors.  Investors should review and consider carefully the Fund’s investment objective, risks, charges and ex penses.The premium/discount is calculated as [(market price/NAV)-1].


Links to Morningstar Fact Sheet and CEF Connect: By clicking on the link from this page to the Morningstar fact sheet or CEF Connect, you will leave the Eaton Vance website.  Eaton Vance is not responsible for the content of any such third-party website.   See “Terms and Conditions” below.

  Attribution
No attribution information is currently available.



 Management
Biography


Craig R. Brandon, CFA
Vice President, Co-Director of Municipal Investments, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 1998


Craig Brandon is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management, co-director of municipal investments and portfolio manager on Eaton Vance’s municipal bond team. He is responsible for buy and sell decisions, portfolio construction and risk management f or the firm’s municipal bond strategies. He joined Eaton Vance in 1998.
Craig began his career in the investment management industry in 1995. He has experience with Eaton Vance across a variety of research roles. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was a senior budget and capital finance analyst with the New York State Assembly W ays and Means Committee.
Craig earned a B.S. from Canisius College and an MBA from the University of Pittsburgh. He is a member of the Boston Security Analysts Society, the Boston Municipal Analysts Forum and the National Federation of Municipal Analysts. He is a CFA charterhold er. 


Education

B.A. Canisius College
M.B.A. Joseph M. Katz Graduate School of Business, University of Pittsburgh


Experience

Managed Fund since 2014




Other funds managed

California Municipal Bond Fund II
California Municipal Income Trust
Massachusetts Municipal Bond Fund
Massachusetts Municipal Income Trust
Municipal Income 2028 Term Trust
New York Municipal Bond Fund
New York Municipal Bond Fund II
New York Municipal Income Trust


 




 
Literature
Literature

Fact Sheet
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 31, 2017



Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Sep 30, 2016



Holdings-1st or 3rd fiscal quarters-www.sec.gov
Download




Eaton Vance municipal funds' holdings in Puerto Rico debt
Download
 - Last updated: May 5, 2017



Auction Preferred Shares Market Update
Download
 - Last updated: Sep 23, 2016



Morningstar EVM Fact Sheet
Download




Eaton Vance Closed-End Municipal Bond Funds Fund Data Now Available
Download
 - Last updated: Apr 24, 2014



Eaton Vance Closed-End Municipal Bond Funds Fund Data Now Available
Download
 - Last updated: Jan 21, 2014



Eaton Vance Closed-End Municipal Bond Funds Fund Data Now Available
Download
 - Last updated: Nov 20, 2013



Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Adopt Share Repurchase Programs
Download
 - Last updated: Nov 15, 2013



Eaton Vance Closed-End Municipal Bond Funds Fund Data Now Available
Download
 - Last updated: Jul 16, 2013



Eaton Vance Closed-End Municipal Bond Funds Fund Data Now Available
Download
 - Last updated: Feb 4, 2013



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Jul 3, 2017



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 1, 2017



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: May 1, 2017



Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income Information
Download
 - Last updated: Apr 30, 2017



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Apr 3, 2017



Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income Information
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 31, 2017



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2017



Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income Information
Download
 - Last updated: Feb 28, 2017



Distributions Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Feb 1, 2017



Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income Information
Download
 - Last updated: Jan 31, 2017



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Jan 3, 2017



Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income Information
Download
 - Last updated: Dec 31, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Dec 1, 2016



Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income Information
Download
 - Last updated: Nov 30, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Nov 1, 2016



Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income Information
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 31, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 3, 2016



Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income Information
Download
 - Last updated: Sep 30, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Sep 1, 2016



Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income Information
Download
 - Last updated: Aug 31, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Aug 1, 2016



Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income Information
Download
 - Last updated: Jul 31, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Jul 1, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 1, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: May 2, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Apr 1, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Feb 1, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Jan 4, 2016



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Dec 1, 2015



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Nov 2, 2015



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 1, 2015



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Sep 1, 2015



Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds
Download
 - Last updated: Aug 3, 2015



Eaton Vance Closed-End Municipal Bond Funds Fund Data Now Available
Download
 - Last updated: Jan 16, 2015



Eaton Vance Closed-End Municipal Bond Funds Fund Data Now Available
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 20, 2014



Eaton Vance Closed-End Municipal Bond Funds Fund Data Now Available
Download
 - Last updated: Jul 30, 2014



Eaton Vance Closed-End Municipal Bond Funds Fund Data Now Available
Download
 - Last updated: May 1, 2013



Section 16 Filings - www.sec.gov
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 30, 2011



Semi-Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 31, 2017












 

Access Advisor Resources
Get exclusive access to timely materials:

Eaton Vance Thought Leadership
Insights and Conference Calls
Notifications of Document Updates

Sign In
    or Register 




 
Related Content
Eaton Vance municipal funds' holdings in Puerto Rico debtMay 5, 2017Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income InformationApr 30, 2017Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income InformationMar 31, 2017Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income InformationFeb 28, 2017Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income InformationJan 31, 2017Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income InformationDec 31, 2016Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income InformationNov 30, 2016Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income InformationOct 31, 2016Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income InformationSep 30, 2016Auction Preferred Shares Market UpdateSep 23, 2016Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income InformationAug 31, 2016Closed-End Fund Earnings Undistributed Net Income InformationJul 31, 2016Morningstar EVM Fact SheetAug 5, 2011Section 16 Filings - www.sec.govJun 30, 2011 
Find Other Products

Spotlight Products
Global Macro Absolute Return Advantage Fund
Municipal Opportunities Fund
Atlanta Capital Select Equity Fund
Floating-Rate Municipal Income Fund
High Yield Municipal Income Fund
National Municipal Income Fund
Short Duration Strategic Income Fund
Global Macro Absolute Return Fund
Balanced Fund
TABS Short-Term Municipal Bond Fund
TABS Intermediate-Term Municipal Bond Fund
Multisector Income Fund
Parametric Emerging Markets Fund
High Income Opportunities Fund
Income Fund of Boston
Parametric International Equity Fund
Floating-Rate & High Income Fund
Floating-Rate Advantage Fund
Floating-Rate Fund
Tax-Managed Growth Fund 1.2
TABS 5-to-15 Year Laddered Municipal Bond Fund
Richard Bernstein All Asset Strategy Fund
Richard Bernstein Equity Strategy Fund


Products listed in the Find Other Products section may have different investment objective(s), risks, and charges and expenses.

 








Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
Eaton Vanceon Facebook
Subscriptions
EmailPrint
Site Survey






Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Simply enter your e-mail address to register.


Company Email:


Cancel
Already have an account? Sign In.

If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Register for more access and control.

Elevate your business practice with materials from the Advisor Institute.
Learn more with exclusive videos, conference calls, and the latest insights.
Follow products, get product notifications, and manage your Eaton Vance communications.












Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage  
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:California Municipal Bond Fund (EVM)
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://funds.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept




























Products | Eaton Vance Funds


























































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies














Go to:


Eaton Vance U.S. Home

Eaton Vance U.S. HomeU.S Institutions HomeEaton Vance U.S. FundsU.S. Charitable HomeOffshore HomeGlobal Home













InvestorAccount Access 
Investment Professional Sign In







 
 Products













Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
Eaton Vanceon Facebook
FAs: Register
Subscriptions
EmailPrint






Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Simply enter your e-mail address to register.


Company Email:


Cancel
Already have an account? Sign In.

If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Register for more access and control.

Elevate your business practice with materials from the Advisor Institute.
Learn more with exclusive videos, conference calls, and the latest insights.
Follow products, get product notifications, and manage your Eaton Vance communications.












Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage  
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:Products
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://funds.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept


























Looking at Eaton Vance Pennsylvania Municipal Bond Fund (EIP)'s Levels

































  Titres
                

Kashyap, Prannoy enter semifinals 
Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation 
Trump appears to demand for Clinton, Comey probes 
Massive US bomb death toll rises to 94 
Fire engulfs Bellagio roof, Las Vegas Strip temporarily shut down 
Kate Middleton and Prince William in love at the Stade de France 
Thailand seizes rhino horns in random luggage check 


























Nouvelles
Financer Culture Science Sport Monde Santé Nationale 




Financer
Culture
Science
Sport
Monde
Santé
Nationale


 


Looking at Eaton Vance Pennsylvania Municipal Bond Fund (EIP)'s Levels
Evrard Martin
Juillet 21, 2017



Part












Looking at shares from some additional technical standpoints, Eaton Vance New Jersey Municipal Income Trust (EVJ) presently has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index (CCI) of 145.95. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. On the other end of the spectrum, a younger investor with a longer time horizon might be able to search for stocks with a higher potential for growth that may involve much more risk.
EV has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Eaton Vance Corporation from a "hold" rating to a "buy" rating and set a $54.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, June 8th. Moreover, Fifth Third Natl Bank has 0% invested in Eaton V.Tax-Advantaged Dividend Inc Fund (NYSE:EVT). Vident Investment Advisory Llc, a Georgia-based fund reported 546,504 shares.#img1#.COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by BBNS and is the property of of BBNS. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of USA and worldwide copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/20/eaton-vance-corporation-nyseev-given-average-rating-of-hold-by-brokerages-updated-updated.html.Eaton Vance Corporation (EV) opened at 48.21 on Monday.We can also take a look at the Average Directional Index or ADX of Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Buy-Write Income Fund (ETB). The company has market cap of $633.01 million.Company chares are trading at $20.48 barely below $20.52, the stock's 50 day moving average and just above the 200 day moving average of $19.92. CENTRAL TRUST Co boosted its stake in Eaton Vance Corporation by 6,356.9% in the first quarter. The company had revenue of $374.60 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $373.28 million. Eaton Vance Corporation had a return on equity of 36.63% and a net margin of 18.39%. During the same quarter previous year, the business posted $0.48 EPS. Shares saw a steep decrease in trading volume of 75.31% under the normal average daily volume. The stock now has Monthly Volatility of 4.29% and Weekly Volatility of 2.83%.The firm also recently declared a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 20th. Shareholders of record on Monday, July 31st will be issued a dividend of $0.28 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, July 27th. The dividend yield will be $4.11. Eaton Vance Corporation's payout ratio is 49.34%. A reading from -80 to -100 would indicate an oversold situation. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Inside the closing six months period the stock's performance raised 2.19% while overall yearly performance lost -9.46%. The disclosure for this sale can be found here.Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EV? Invesco Limited has invested 0% in Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Buy-Write Income (NYSE:ETB). United Asset Strategies Inc., a New York-based fund reported 130,017 shares. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 14,473 shares of the company's stock, valued at approximately $701,361.58. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Eaton Vance Corporation by 1.9% in the fourth quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of Eaton Vance Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at about $43,128,000. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 2,705 shares of the asset manager's stock worth $122,000 after buying an additional 1,272 shares in the last quarter. CENTRAL TRUST Co now owns 3,293 shares of the asset manager's stock valued at $148,000 after buying an additional 3,242 shares during the period.Shares of Eaton Vance California Municipal Bond Fund II (EIA) have a 200-day moving average of 11.87. In the PRB, the Company owns and operates three surface coal mines: the Antelope Mine, the Cordero Rojo Mine and the Spring Creek Mine. This may not come as easily for some as it does for others.

 




D'autres rapports CampDesrEcrues 









21 Juillet 2017




Government Properties Income Tr (NASDAQ:GOV) Experiences Heavy Trading Volume









21 Juillet 2017




No need for new law against cow vigilantism







Which Analysts Are Watching American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. (NYSE:AEO)?











21 Juillet 2017




Corning Incorporated (GLW) Lifted to "Strong-Buy" at Vetr Inc









21 Juillet 2017




Meizu teases Meizu Pro 7; shows dual display and camera









21 Juillet 2017




Udonis Haslem re-signs with Heat on 1-year deal









United Microelectronics Corporation (NYSE:UMC) Quarterly Sales Review









21 Juillet 2017




" La guerre contre la corruption est réelle, et non sélective " — Youssef Chahed







Altria Group (NYSE:MO) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday











21 Juillet 2017




Love Island 2017: Gabby Allen cuts ties with Montana Brown









21 Juillet 2017




Jordan Spieth and Brooks Koepka share opening-round lead at The Open









21 Juillet 2017




Four More Fighters Confirmed for Marvel VS Capcom: Infinite









Articles récents Nouvelles


 
19-year-old firefighter killed by falling tree in Montana




 
ECB's Draghi Sees No Sign Of Inflation Picking-Up In Europe




 
Murkowski: Can't repeal ACA without acceptable replacement




Discuter de cet article








 LES PLUS LUS CampDesrEcrues



Duke Realty Corporation (DRE) Upgraded at BidaskClub



One man arrested, weapons seized following threats made to kill BC firefighters



CAUGHT ON CAMERA: Bakersfield city firefighters rescue dog from house fire



Teens filmed, mocked and laughed while man slowly drowned



Corey Knebel's MLB-record streak ends as he blows save against Pirates



YouTube will redirect you away from extremist videos



Edinburgh City Deal to bring £65m of housing investment to the region



CH Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHRW) Experiences Heavier than Average Trading Volume


Senate makes U-turn, screens 12 REC nominees


Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) Receives $47.50 Average Price Target from Analysts







SUIVRE NOTRE JOURNAL











DERNIERES NOUVELLES CampDesrEcrues



 
Kashyap, Prannoy enter semifinals


Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation


Trump appears to demand for Clinton, Comey probes


Cedar Fair, LP (FUN) Given Average Rating of "Buy" by Analysts


Deutsche Post AG (DPSGY) Receives $41.00 Consensus Target Price from Analysts


(Neb)-Smoke From Montana Fires Reaches The Panhandle


Helicopter carrying 4 makes emergency landing in Sherman Oaks neighborhood


Citigroup Reports Southern (EOG) Downgrade from Buy; Cafepress (PRSS) Sentiment Is 1.43


Company Recalls Coffee With Viagra-Like Substance


10-year-old allegedly steals vehicle for the 4th time







AUTRES NOUVELLES


Science
Culture
Financer








Koninklijke Philips N.V. had 13 analyst reports since July 28, 2015 ac...









In related news, Director John C. Malone acquired 242,778 shares of  L...









There's a change behind the scenes at  Netflix's   Marvel  drama  Iron...








More notable recent  Synchrony Financial  (NYSE:SYF) news were publish...








Metzner was previously an exec producer for Fox's " Sleepy Hollow " an...












That, of course, is not out of the question considering the 6-year-old...









Of Bennington's death, Cameron Strang - the head of Linkin Park's labe...








Flockhart was one of the main cast members when the show was on CBS, b...









Qu'il se rassure,  George ,  troisième dans l'ordre de succession au t...









Rivlin expressed his appreciation for Israel's security forces, saying...











They are used in notebook computers, desktop monitors, televisions, di...









Elle estime par ailleurs que la banque a omis de signaler à Tracfin pl...









He said: "The dark net is not a place to hide".    Dimitris Avramopoul...









Stuart appeared to take particular exception to an incident in which S...









When officers arrived, they found a 27-year-old male cyclist in the st...
























© 2017 campdesrecrues.com, CampDesrEcrues




Sport
Science
Culture
Financer


Nationale
Santé
Monde





Edition

Nos Contacts













Unusual Activity Spotted in Eaton Vance California Municipal Bond Fund (EVM)



































 





 





Our Team 
 
Privacy 




 Menu

















Latest news:  



Russia Envoy at the Heart of the US Election Controversy Ends Tenure





 






Unusual Activity Spotted in Eaton Vance California Municipal Bond Fund (EVM)



by Eduardo Snyder | 
	  July  18, 2017 | 15:13	  









NY owned approximately 0.10% of Eaton Vance Corporation worth $5,000,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in Eaton Vance Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,457,000. Gabelli Funds Limited Company accumulated 44,000 shares. Pioneer Investment Management Inc. increased its stake in Eaton Vance Floating-Rate Income Trust by 13.3% in the first quarter.In terms of CCI levels, Eaton Vance Ohio Municipal Bond Fund (EIO) now has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index (CCI) of 9.81. Morgan Stanley has invested 0.01% of its portfolio in Eaton Vance Corp (NYSE:EV). Moreover, Advisors Asset Management Inc. has 0.04% invested in the company for 123,099 shares. The stock last traded at $25.55 just a bit higher than the 50 day moving average of $24.12 and which is just a bit higher than the 200 day moving average of $22.85. The company has a market capitalization of $5.33 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.08 and a beta of 1.84. EATON VANCE MUN has a 52 week low of $12.00 and a 52 week high of $15.00. Raymond James Svcs has invested 0% in Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund (NYSE:EOI).Analysts expect Five Star Senior Living Inc (NASDAQ:FVE) to report $-0.09 EPS on August, 3.They anticipate $0.00 EPS change or 0.00% from last quarter's $-0.09 EPS. Eaton Vance Corporation had a net margin of 18.39% and a return on equity of 36.63%. The company had revenue of $374.60 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $373.28 million. Sit Assoc holds 1.3% or 3.57 million shares. As the next round of earnings reports start to come in, investors will be keeping a close watch to see which companies produce the largest surprises, both positive and negative.The business also recently declared a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 20th. This represents a $1.12 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.33%. 530,540 were reported by State Common Retirement Fund. Keybank Association Oh owns 80,837 shares. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and global copyright & trademark laws. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed a "hold" rating and issued a $50.00 price target on shares of Eaton Vance Corporation in a research note on Tuesday, May 23rd.
					More news: RFEF president Villar arrested on corruption charges
05/25/2017 - Eaton Vance Corporation had its " rating reiterated by analysts at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. As for the mean price target, it implies upside of 1.55% from the $48.50 prior closing price. Eaton Vance Corporation now has a consensus rating of "Hold" and an average price target of $48.07.In other Eaton Vance Corporation news, insider Jeffrey P. Beale sold 39,343 shares of Eaton Vance Corporation stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, July 13th. Moving averages are considered to be lagging indicators that simply take the average price of a stock over a certain period of time.The stock increased 0.21% or $0.03 on July 14, reaching $14.06. The stock was sold at an average price of $48.30, for a total value of $1,900,266.90. About shares traded. Northfield Bancorp, Inc. The disclosure for this sale can be found here.Receive Eaton Vance Corporation News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Vance Corporation with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. The Firm operates as an investment advisor to funds and separate accounts.












 




 Related Articles 








Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Upgraded to "Hold" at Zacks Investment Research
				The business had revenue of $45.56 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $50.76 million. As of quarter end Creative Planning had disposed of a total of 1,954 shares trimming its position 48.9%.			








18 July 2017




Daniel Radcliffe helps tourist 'slashed in the face' by armed moped robber
				Actor Daniel Radcliffe stopped to help a terrified tourist who was slashed across the face in a robbery by thugs riding a moped .  On Friday, two men on a moped suddenly ambushed a tourist walking down the street, The Evening Standard reports .			








18 July 2017




Manchester United line up a massive bid for Eric Dier
				Jose Mourinho has made the England global his No1 midfield target this summer as he plans the next phase of his Old Trafford rebuilding job.			










18 July 2017




Jessie Vargas claims that Conor McGregor was knocked out by Bradley Wheeler
				Malignaggi had first hinted that he would be sparring with McGregor some weeks ago. If they wanna bring me in, we've spoken.			








18 July 2017




Metro 3 Specific Things I Asked From Acting President Yemi Osinbajo - Malala
				The young female activist survived gunshots on her head by the Taliban for campaigning for girl-child education in Pakistan.			








18 July 2017




Samsung Plans To Recycle Parts From Galaxy Note 7 Smartphones
				The Note FE kept key features of the flagship but came with a lower battery capacity amid safety concerns. It has confirmed , however, that only 400,000 units will be made available on its Korean home turf.			










18 July 2017




Qatar says media report reveals UAE role in hack that sparked crisis
				The Washington Post reports that new intelligence reveals the UAE government met to discuss the hacking plot and its execution on 23 May.			








18 July 2017




Iran army chief threatens USA  bases if sanctions imposed
				This will allow Washington to intensify sanctions on the IRGC, Iran's most powerful security entity. To become law, the legislation must pass the House of Representatives and be signed by Trump.			








18 July 2017




The Destiny 2 beta kicks off tomorrow, known issues and content revealed
				The latter is Microsoft's answer to the PS4 Pro and it is also their attempt at a comeback in the current generation console wars. If you haven't yet purchased the game, you can find the game through the PS4 or Xbox One store when the open beta releases.			










18 July 2017




WEATHER WARNING: Scattered thunderstorms and downpours forecast for the North West
				He added that there was also a chance of large hailstones and localised flooding of homes, businesses and roads. Dan Holley, forecaster at Weatherquest, said the greatest risk for Suffolk and Essex was late this evening.			








18 July 2017




International Indian Film Academy 2017 awards in NY 
				Moreover, congratulations are due for Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury after winning the Best Direction Award at the 2017 IIFA. However, he couldn't quite bag the trophy as Shahid Kapoor emerged victor for his Tommy Singh act in " Udta Punjab ".			








18 July 2017




Storms still possible today...Drier & HOTTER next week
				BEACH FORECAST: The weather at the beach will consist of daily chances for showers and thunderstorms with highs in the upper 80s.  An upper ridge will remain in place over the southeast US bringing a southerly flow and in turn more moisture into Alabama.			



















 

Articles

  





Mohamed Salah's Chelsea woes don't faze Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp  
					That was pretty much all. "The question is 'what did you not see in him?' because he played all-inclusive football". Salah fits the needs of the team, but many have pointed to his struggles at Chelsea as a reason to be fearful.	 
		 



Charlotte and George join parents for Polish royal visit  
					During the royal family's visit to Poland this week, Kate Middleton modestly revealed she doesn't like to be called "perfect". In addition to this, the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall completed a successful tour of Europe a few months ago.	 
		 



Michael Vick says Colin Kaepernick's performance is keeping him off National Football League  team  
					"The stand that he took has nothing to do with him not having a job and playing in the National Football League right now". The Afro-wearing Kaepernick we see today doesn't quite resemble the young star in 2012 who lead the 49ers to Super Bowl 47.	 
		 



So, Taylor Swift was probably not transported in giant a suitcase  
					And this week, rumours surfaced that she now travels around locked inside a suitcase to avoid being seen. Spin 1038's story quickly went viral and garnered thousands of retweets on social media.	 
		 



Saudi girl's online post in miniskirt sparks backlash, calls for her arrest  
					In the video, she can be seen walking around the historic fort of Ushayqir - located north of Riyadh - in the Najd province. The footage has been shared widely on social media stirring a debate with some siding the model by praising her "bravery".	 
		 



Aadhaar card privacy issue: Supreme Court refers matter to nine-judge bench  
					Subsequently, smaller benches had held a contrary view and, hence the matter needed to be decided by a larger bench, he had said. Download the News Nation Mobile App and stay connected with top stories from India and around the world.	 
		 



Haseena Parkar trailer: Shraddha Kapoor's robotic voice detracts from the drama  
					At the trailer launch event, director Apoorva Lakia said, "Sonakshi Sinha was first approached for Haseena Parkar ". Circumstances transformed Haseena to Aapa, who may be as ruthless as her brother.	 
		 



Israel attack Palestinian protesters near Aqsa Mosque  
					The gunmen, all from the Arab city of Umm al-Fahm in central Israel, were subsequently shot and killed by the police. We will stay outside the mosque until we get back the way it was taken from us", he said.	 
		 



Ed Sheeran hyped about his 'Game of Thrones' cameo  
					Sheeran appeared onscreen in a sequence in which Arya Stark , played by Maisie Williams , rode horseback through a forest. But landing on one of the biggest TV series is still something everyone might have on their bucket list.	 
		 



Imminent Liverpool signing Andrew Robertson set for medical, on his way  
					He tweeted: "Source suggesting Robertson and Elmo (Mohamed Elmohamedy) have left @HullCity training camp in Portugal". Liverpool are edging closer to making their third signing of the summer .	 
		 


 


 







From editors



Ex-CIA Head Says Trump Remarks On Russia Interference 'Disgraceful'  

		- 


Charlie Gard hospital calls in police over death threats to staff  

		- 


Congress strikes deal on bill to slap new sanctions on Russian Federation  

		- 


Pelosi: North Korea's inclusion shouldn't delay sanctions bill  

		- 


US Lawmakers Reach Deal on New Sanctions Against Russia  

		- 



 



Money 









 Pentagon Withholds Pakistan Military Funding over Tolerating Taliban 
 Sharon Huff 









 USA lawmakers reach deal on Russian Federation sanctions bill, creating limits for Trump 
 Sharon Huff 









 Trump tweets that he has 'complete power to pardon' 
 Sharon Huff 









 Central Intelligence Agency did not end Syria rebel support 'to appease Russia' 
 Sharon Huff 



More news 

 





 











Eaton Vance Municipal Bond Fund Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.05 (EIM)



























 
							Dimanche, 23 Juillet 2017							
							

Informations de contact 








 

 




Latest news

Law Enforcement Takes Down Dark Web Marketplaces
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to Sell
Banco Latinoamericano de Comerc (NYSE:BLX) Trading Volume Significantly Higher
Deux alpinistes japonais trouvent la mort dans une montagne — Suisse




Main » Eaton Vance Municipal Bond Fund Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.05 (EIM)


Eaton Vance Municipal Bond Fund Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.05 (EIM)
18 Juillet 2017



Naples Glob owns 28,455 shares. Active investors may choose to use this technical indicator as a stock evaluation tool. Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) has risen 15.98% since July 17, 2016 and is uptrending. Arizona State Retirement owns 55,731 shares for 0.03% of their portfolio. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in shares of Eaton Vance Corporation by 1.8% in the first quarter. Citigroup upgraded the stock to "Buy" rating in Monday, June 5 report. Retail Bank Of America Corp De holds 1.41M shares. Eaton Vance Mgmt invested in 46,153 shares.05/22/2014 - Eaton Vance Floating Rate Income Trust had its " rating reiterated by analysts at RBC Capital. The 14-day RSI is presently standing at 67.96, the 7-day is 76.15, and the 3-day is resting at 91.78. The Fund's portfolio includes its investments in various sectors, such as aerospace and defense, banks, beverages, biotechnology, chemicals, commercial services and supplies, containers and packaging, diversified telecommunication services, electric utilities, electrical equipment, energy equipment and services, equity real estate investment trusts, food products, healthcare equipment and supplies, household durables, household products, industrial conglomerates, insurance, Internet and direct marketing retail, Internet software and services, machinery, metals and mining, personal products, pharmaceuticals, professional services, and road and rail.About 53,201 shares traded. Eaton Vance Corp.is now trading 1.07% above its 20-day and 11.74% versus the 200-day simple moving averages while 3.10% compared with its 50-day simple moving average. Eaton Vance Tax Managed Buy Write Opport has a 12 month low of $14.10 and a 12 month high of $15.69. It has a 19.4 P/E ratio. Seaward Mngmt Lp reported 18,194 shares. After having $0.28 EPS previously, SP Plus Corp's analysts see 50.00% EPS growth. The firm's revenue for the quarter was up 15.9% on a year-over-year basis. Now Eaton Vance Corp.'s current price is $6.29 shy of the official highest sell-side analyst price target on Wall Street.The company also recently declared a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. This represents a $0.54 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.95%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, July 20th. Eaton Vance Corporation's dividend payout ratio is now 49.34%. Eaton Vance Municipal Income Trust (EVN) has declined 9.43% since July 17, 2016 and is downtrending. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & global trademark & copyright laws. Cambridge Research Advsrs reported 0.02% of its portfolio in Eaton Vance Short Duration Diversified I (NYSE:EVG).
Technicals on Watch For iShares 1-3 Year Credit Bond ETF (CSJ)
The Average Directional Index or ADX is technical analysis indicator used to discern if a market is trending or not trending. The Williams Percent Range or Williams %R is another technical indicator that may be useful for traders and investors.
Among 2 analysts covering SP Plus (NASDAQ:SP), 2 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 0 Hold.About 41,239 shares traded or 0.63% up from the average. Morgan Stanley now owns 957 shares valued at $22,000. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink.We can also do some further technical analysis on the stock. It increased, as 8 investors sold Northfield Bancorp, Inc. shares while 30 reduced holdings. Creative Planning claims 16,964 shares valued at $193,000. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. The Trust invests in debt securities issued by OH municipalities.




Related articles




Trump apre uno spiraglio sul clima dimensione font +


With Shares Trading down at $13.89 (GPK) Graphic Packaging Completes Acquisition…




Uber Shirks Its Duty to Drivers


BidaskClub Lowers SK Telecom Co., Ltd. (NYSE:SKM) to Hold




Australia to get new 'Home Office' style national security department


Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc


Expeditors International of Washington Inc


Altice USA Inc (ATUS) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Guggenheim




Turkey marks first anniversary of failed coup


Morgan Stanley Upgrades Comp En De Mn Cemig ADS (CIG) to "Overweight"




Share !


 



Previous: Calabar: Over 10 Persons Confirmed Dead In NNPC Tank Farm Explosion
Next: Atlanta Braves activate Sean Rodriguez, Danny Santana from DL







 Advertising
 


 


More news	






Flash flood warning July 17 for Williams





Van Dijk Star Ready to Sign for Liverpool by Doing This





Turkey Extends State of Emergency





Hungary: Removing anti-Soros campaign ahead of Netanyahu visit 'not our business'


Sunoco (SUN) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds





Trump's lawyer falsely implicates Secret Service in latest Trump Jr. meeting spin


FDA Approves Nerlynx for HER2-Positive Breast Cancer Treatment





Calabar: Over 10 Persons Confirmed Dead In NNPC Tank Farm Explosion





Trump lawyer says nothing illegal in son's Russia meeting


Atlanta Braves activate Sean Rodriguez, Danny Santana from DL





Crotty signs New Zealand extension


Sandvine accepts $562 mln offer from Francisco, Procera





Minister warns of Israel's persistence in violating Al-Aqsa Mosque's sanctity





Former BYU, Olympic sprinter Frank Fredericks suspended for potential ethics violation





Manhunt for murder suspect extends into popular Wyoming wilderness areas



 






 






	
    Copyright © 2017 Cote-Ivoire |     All rights reserved.

	
		


















Home | Eaton Vance Funds


























































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies














Go to:


Eaton Vance U.S. Home

Eaton Vance U.S. HomeU.S Institutions HomeEaton Vance U.S. FundsU.S. Charitable HomeOffshore HomeGlobal Home













InvestorAccount Access 
Investment Professional Sign In










































Performance always matters
At Eaton Vance, we seek to deliver consistent, highly competitive risk-adjusted returns across asset classes, investment disciplines and market cycles.

SEE RESULTS






Advisory Blog
Valuable market insight, delivered daily
Follow us for real-time market commentary and independent insight from our portfolio managers and thought leaders.

SEE LATEST POST






Calvert Research and Management†
Leader in Responsible Investing
Calvert offers one of the largest and most diversified families of responsibly invested mutual funds, encompassing actively and passively managed U.S. and international equity strategies, fixed-income strategies and asset allocation funds.

LEARN MORE 









Advisor Top-of-Mind Index
Tap into the real-time perspectives of over 1,000 financial advisors. Our quarterly "ATOMIX" survey explores the importance of four key investing issues and tracks trends over time.

SEE RESULTS






NextShares™ Exchange-Traded Managed Funds
A leap forward for active investing
Eaton Vance now offers Stock NextShares (EVSTC), Global Income Builder NextShares (EVGBC) and, TABS 5-to-15 Year Laddered Municipal Bond NextShares (EVLMC).

LEARN MORE






Investment Tax Center
Your investment decisions. Your tax consequences.
Did you know that taxes can consume more than 50 cents of every dollar earned by investors? The good news is that some straightforward steps could help you bring that number down significantly.

LEARN MORE






The Advisor Institute: Coach’s Corner
Taking client relationships to the next level  
• Nurture relationships
• Inspire conviction
• Attract new clients
Elevate the success of your practice.

SEE THE LATEST INSIGHT










Performance always matters

Advisory Blog

Calvert

Advisor Top-of-Mind Index

NextShares

Investment Tax Center

Coach’s Corner

































 

 
Lipper Fund Awards 2017 for Eaton Vance and Calvert Funds0
Browse our mutual funds that earned 2017 Thomson Reuters Lipper Fund Awards.





Calvert Ultra-Short Income Fund (CULYX)
10 Years | Out of 21 Ultra-Short Obligation Funds
			 

			Calvert Global Water Fund (CFWYX)
3 Years | Out of 25 Global Natural Resources Funds
			 

			Hexavest Global Equity Fund (EHGIX)
3 Years | Out of 14 Global Large-Cap Value Funds
			 

			Emerging Markets Debt Opportunities Fund (EELDX)
3 Years | Out of 18 Emerging Markets Local Currency Debt Funds


TABS 5-to-15 Year Laddered Municipal Bond Fund (EILTX)*
3 Years | Out of 61 Intermediate Municipal Debt Funds
			 

			Short Duration Government Income Fund (EILDX)
3 Years | Out of 25 Short U.S. Government Funds
5 Years | Out of 25 Short U.S. Government Funds
			 

			Emerging Markets Local Income Fund (EEIIX)
5 Years | Out of 14 Emerging Markets Local Currency Debt Funds




 
Overall Morningstar Ratings for select Eaton Vance Funds1
Browse a sampling of our I Share mutual funds that have a five- or four-star rating as of June 30, 2017. Talk with your financial advisor about which funds may help you achieve the outcomes you seek. View all five- and four-star funds »




Municipal Bonds
TABS 5-to-15 Year Laddered Municipal Bond Fund (EILTX)*
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
263 funds | Muni National Interm category
			 

			Municipal Opportunities Fund (EMOIX)
★ ★ ★ ★
263 funds | Muni National Interm category
			 

			High Yield Municipal Income Fund (EIHYX)
★ ★ ★ ★
145 funds | High Yield Muni category
			 

			TABS Short-Term Municipal Bond Fund (EIBSX)*
★ ★ ★ ★
176 funds | Muni National Short category
			 

			National Municipal Income Fund (EIHMX)
★ ★ ★ ★
142 funds | Muni National Long category
			 

			
View all funds »

 

Corporate Credit
High Income Opportunities Fund (EIHIX)
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
590 funds | High Yield Bond category
			 

			Income Fund of Boston (EIBIX)
★ ★ ★ ★
590 funds | High Yield Bond category
			 

			Floating-Rate Advantage Fund (EIFAX)
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
210 funds | Bank Loan category
			 

			Floating-Rate & High Income Fund (EIFHX)
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
210 funds | Bank Loan category
			 

			Floating-Rate Fund (EIBLX)
★ ★ ★ ★
210 funds | Bank Loan category
			 

			
View all funds »

 

U.S. Equities
Atlanta Capital SMID-Cap Fund (EISMX)2
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
576 funds | Mid-Cap Growth category
			 

			Focused Growth Opportunities Fund (EIFGX)
★ ★ ★ ★
1277 funds | Large Growth category
			 

			Growth Fund (ELCIX)
★ ★ ★ ★
1277 funds | Large Growth category
			 

			Real Estate Fund (EIREX)*
★ ★ ★ ★
230 funds | Real Estate category
			 

			
View all funds »




 




Income
Short Duration Government Income Fund (EILDX)
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
105 funds | Short Government category
			 

			Emerging Markets Debt Opportunities Fund (EIDOX)
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
81 funds | Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond category
			 

			Government Obligations Fund (EIGOX)
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
105 funds | Short Government category
			 

			Core Plus Bond Fund (EIBAX)
★ ★ ★ ★
856 funds | Intermediate-Term Bond category
			 

			Short Duration Real Return Fund (EIRRX)
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
202 funds | Inflation-Protected Bond category
			 

			
View all funds »

 

Global/International
Global Macro Absolute Return Advantage Fund (EGRIX)
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
259 funds | Nontraditional Bond category
			 

			Hexavest Global Equity Fund (EHGIX)
★ ★ ★ ★
714 funds | World Large Stock category
			 

			Richard Bernstein Equity Strategy Fund (ERBIX)
★ ★ ★
714 funds | World Large Stock category
			 

			
View all funds »

 

Asset Allocation
Balanced Fund (EIIFX)
★ ★ ★ ★
727 funds | Allocation - 50% to 70% Equity category
			 

			Tax-Managed Equity Asset Allocation (EIEAX)
★ ★ ★ ★
147 funds | Allocation - 85%+ Equity category
			 

			Richard Bernstein All Asset Strategy Fund (EIRAX)
★ ★ ★ ★
249 funds | Tactical Allocation category
			 

			
View all funds »




 
* These Funds have recently experienced negative performance. For the Fund’s performance as of the most recent month-end, please refer to our Performance page. Based on risk-adjusted returns. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Eaton Vance offers other mutual funds that are not listed here and that do not have similar performance records. Please refer to each Fund’s prospectus to determine whether you are eligible to invest in I shares. Consult your financial advisor before investing.

0 The Thomson Reuters Lipper Fund Awards, granted annually, highlight funds and fund companies that have excelled in delivering consistently strong risk-adjusted performance relative to their peers. The Lipper Fund Awards are based on the Lipper Leader for Consistent Return rating, which is a risk-adjusted performance measure calculated over 36, 60 and 120 months. The fund with the highest Lipper Leader for Consistent Return (Effective Return) value in each eligible classification wins the Lipper Fund Award. Other share classes may have different performance and expense characteristics. Although Lipper makes reasonable efforts to ensure the accuracy and reliability of the data contained herein, the accuracy is not guaranteed by Lipper. Lipper awards are not intended to predict future results. For more information, see www.lipperfundawards.com. From Thomson Reuters Lipper Awards, ©2017 Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Used by permission and protected by the Copyright Laws of the United States. The printing, copying, redistribution, or retransmission of this Content without express written permission is prohibited.

1 As of 6/30/17: EILTX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/265 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/227 funds. EMOIX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/263 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/227 funds. EIHYX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/145 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/119 funds; 3 stars for 10 years/86 funds. EIBSX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/176 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/153 funds. EIHMX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/142 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/132 funds; 2 stars for 10 years/106 funds. EIHIX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/590 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/474 funds; 3 stars for 10 years/317 funds. EIBIX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/590 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/474 funds; 3 stars for 10 years/317 funds. EIFAX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/210 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/160 funds; 5 stars for 10 years/65 funds. EIFHX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/210 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/160 funds; 5 stars for 10 years/65 funds. EIBLX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/210 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/160 funds; 4 stars for 10 years/65 funds. EISMX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/576 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/502 funds; 5 stars for 10 years/370 funds. EIFGX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/1277 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/1152 funds. ELCIX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/1277 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/1152 funds; 3 stars for 10 years/803 funds. EIREX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/230 funds; 3 stars for 5 years/201 funds; 4 stars for 10 years/141 funds. EILDX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/105 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/95 funds; 5 stars for 10 years/73 funds. EIDOX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/81 funds. EIGOX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/105 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/95 funds; 5 stars for 10 years/73 funds. EIBAX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/856 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/767 funds. EIRRX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/202 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/172 funds. EGRIX was rated 5 stars for 3 years/259 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/159 funds. EHGIX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/714 funds. ERBIX was rated 3 stars for 3 years/714 funds; 3 stars for 5 years/590 funds. EIIFX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/727 funds; 5 stars for 5 years/653 funds; 3 stars for 10 years/429 funds. EIEAX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/147 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/123 funds; 4 stars for 10 years/98 funds. EIRAX was rated 4 stars for 3 years/249 funds; 4 stars for 5 years/176 funds.

2 As of the close of business on January 15, 2013, this Fund has discontinued sale of its shares, with the exception of existing shareholders, qualified retirement plans and certain fee-based programs. See prospectus for additional details.

3These shares are not available for new investments.

The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

©Morningstar. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.

About Risks: An imbalance in supply and demand in the income market may result in valuation uncertainties and greater volatility, less liquidity, widening credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in the market. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. A Fund’s ability to utilize various tax-managed techniques may be curtailed or eliminated in the future by tax legislation or regulation. No Fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a Fund. The funds may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review a Fund prospectus for a complete description.


† Calvert Research and Management is a wholly owned subsidiary of Eaton Vance.
ratingsreport.xml
blogfeed_test1.xml





 Stay Connected


Access Advisor Resources
Get exclusive access to timely materials such as:

Eaton Vance Thought Leadership
Conference Calls and Webinars
Notifications of Document Updates
Sign In
Register



 Dive deeper with our Advisory BlogGO NOW 


 
At Eaton Vance, we value independent thinking.
In our experience, clients benefit from a range of distinctive, strongly argued perspectives.
That’s why we encourage our independent investment teams and strategist to share their views on pressing issues - even when they run counter to conventional wisdom or the opinions of other investment managers.
Timely Thinking. Timeless Values.


Video
















Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
Eaton Vanceon Facebook
FAs: Register
Subscriptions
EmailPrint







Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Simply enter your e-mail address to register.


Company Email:


Cancel
Already have an account? Sign In.

If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Register for more access and control.

Elevate your business practice with materials from the Advisor Institute.
Learn more with exclusive videos, conference calls, and the latest insights.
Follow products, get product notifications, and manage your Eaton Vance communications.












Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage  
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:Eaton Vance Funds
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://funds.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept




























Eaton Vance Management | Eaton Vance














































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies













Investment Professional Sign In

Select Site
Select


 
Select your region / country and role.





GO
















EATON VANCE CORP.

INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS

FINANCIAL ADVISORS

INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS



























Anticipating the challenges of today's markets and delivering investment solutions since 1924 
Fast-changing markets require dynamic thinking and forward-looking solutions. Eaton Vance has a longstanding reputation as a leading developer of innovative strategies with strong investment merit.

Learn More About Eaton Vance




US Global Home Page Solutions Teaser
View solutions for:






Pursue success.
Eaton Vance sponsors a broad lineupof mutual funds, closed-end fundsand separately managed accountsthat serve the unique needsof individual investors.

Learn More




US Global Home Page Solutions Teaser
View solutions for:






Pursuing clients' goals.
Eaton Vance is committed to providing financial advisors with the investment solutions and market intelligence they need to help pursue clients' changing goals.

Learn More




US Global Home Page Solutions Teaser
View solutions for:






Work with a trusted partner.
Eaton Vance has a long historyin serving institutional clientsand consultants across a broadarray of investment capabilities.

Learn More




US Global Home Page Solutions Teaser
View solutions for:

























 



Individual Investors/Advisors

Mutual Funds — Prices and Performance
Separately Managed Accounts
NextShares™ Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Investment Trusts (UITs)
Advisory Blog
Advisor Top-of-Mind Index (ATOMIX)
Impact



Institutional Investors 

Insights and Thought Leadership 
Investment Strategies 
Fixed-Income Investing 
Global Equity Solutions 
Floating-Rate Loans 
Multisector Bond 
Monthly Market Monitor

In the News

Video: The benefits of a bond ladderJuly 20, 2017Michael J. Sullivan, CFAInstitutional Portfolio ManagerEaton VanceAndrew  GoodaleInstitutional Portfolio ManagerEaton Vance











Our Investment Affiliates 
 






Visit EVM













Visit Parametric













Visit Atlanta Capital













Visit Hexavest













Visit Calvert Research and Management















Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
FAs: Register
EmailPrint







Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.










Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage  
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:Home United States
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://global.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept





















Eaton Vance California Municipal Bond Fund - AMEX:EVM - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Eaton Vance California Municipal Bond Fund (EVM)
Follow




                                    11.80
                                

0.05
0.43




                        AMEX : Financial
                    

Jul 21, 2017 4:02 PM EDT












Prev Close
  11.75


Open
11.80


Day Low/High

                                    11.72 /
                                    11.80


52 Wk Low/High

                                    11.20 /
                                    14.23
                                


Volume
39.18K


Avg Volume 
60.00K











Exchange
AMEX


Shares Outstanding
21.39M


Market Cap
251.38M


EPS
1.00


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            11.63
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            0.58
                                            (5.00%)

                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









Evrim Announces Gold-Silver Mineralization Discovered At Ermitano Project, Mexico











Evrim Resources Appoints Alain Charest As Senior Geologist

















Evrim Announces Changes To The Board Of Directors


Jan 29, 2015 4:32 PM EST













Evrim Options Cumobabi Property To SilverCrest Mines


Nov 18, 2014 8:32 AM EST













Evrim Resources Corp Announces Drilling Starts On The Ermitano Property, Sonora, Mexico


Oct 20, 2014 8:02 AM EDT













Evrim Announces First Quantum Relinquishes Option On Cumobabi


Oct 17, 2014 5:05 PM EDT













Evrim Appoints Howard Davies COO And VP Of Exploration


Aug 5, 2014 8:03 AM EDT













Evrim Closes Non-Brokered Private Placement


May 27, 2014 4:08 PM EDT













Evrim Announces $1.6 Million Non-Brokered Private Placement


May 7, 2014 8:05 AM EDT













Evrim Partner First Quantum Relinquishes Options On Suaqui Verde And Cardelena Projects


Mar 19, 2014 8:04 AM EDT













Tomorrow's Ex-Dividends To Watch: EVM, HIO, EIM
EVM HIO EIM are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, Feb. 19, 2014, 5:00 AM ET

Feb 18, 2014 10:03 AM EST













Evrim And ArcelorMittal Sign Five Year Exploration Agreement


Feb 12, 2014 8:35 AM EST













4 With Upcoming Ex-Dividend Dates: EVM, EOI, USA, EXG
EVM EOI USA EXG are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, Jan. 22, 2014, 5:00 AM ET

Jan 21, 2014 10:00 AM EST













Evrim Options Ermitano Property To SilverCrest Mines


Jan 14, 2014 8:05 AM EST













Dividend Watch: 4 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: EVM, EVG, EIM, ETW
EVM EVG EIM ETW are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, Dec. 20, 2013, 5:00 AM ET

Dec 19, 2013 10:00 AM EST













Ex-Dividend Alert: 5 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: EVM, NDP, ETG, HPY, VOD
EVM NDP ETG HPY VOD are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Nov. 20, 2013

Nov 19, 2013 10:00 AM EST













Evrim Announces Changes To The Board Of Directors


Nov 12, 2013 4:50 PM EST













Evrim Resources Corp. Reports Drilling, Geophysical And Geochemical Program Completed At Cumobabi


Oct 30, 2013 8:05 AM EDT













Cash Dividend On The Way From Eaton Vance California Municipal Bond Fund (EVM)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 7/22/13, Eaton Vance California Municipal Bond Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.0545, payable on 7/31/13. As a percentage of EVM's recent stock price of $10.59, this dividend works out to approximately 0.51%, so look for shares of Eaton Vance California Municipal Bond Fund to trade 0.51% lower — all else being equal — when EVM shares open for trading on 7/22/13.

Jul 18, 2013 10:13 AM EDT













Evrim Resources Appoints New CFO And Senior Geologist


Jul 11, 2013 8:05 AM EDT













Evrim Resources Corp.: Drilling, Geophysical And Geochemical Program Approved At Suaqui Verde


Jun 24, 2013 8:05 AM EDT













Cash Dividend On The Way From Eaton Vance California Municipal Bond Fund (EVM)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 6/19/13, Eaton Vance California Municipal Bond Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.0545, payable on 6/28/13. As a percentage of EVM's recent stock price of $11.17, this dividend works out to approximately 0.49%.

Jun 17, 2013 10:34 AM EDT













Evrim Resources Reports Vale Relinquishes Option On Arroyo Amarillo Project


Jun 6, 2013 8:05 AM EDT













Evrim Resources Reports Drill Results From The Suaqui Verde Property


May 30, 2013 8:05 AM EDT













Cash Dividend On The Way From Eaton Vance California Municipal Bond Fund (EVM)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 5/22/13, Eaton Vance California Municipal Bond Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.0545, payable on 5/31/13. As a percentage of EVM's recent stock price of $12.03, this dividend works out to approximately 0.45%.

May 20, 2013 11:03 AM EDT













Eaton Vance California Municipal About To Put More Money In Your Pocket (EVM)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 4/19/13, Eaton Vance California Municipal will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.0545, payable on 4/30/13. As a percentage of EVM's recent stock price of $12.27, this dividend works out to approximately 0.44%.

Apr 17, 2013 10:12 AM EDT









Municipals Lead Closed-End Fund Market
Munis outperformed other funds last month as investors were willing to take on more risk for better returns.

Mar 5, 2009 8:27 AM EST





























From Our Partners



Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds

SeekingAlpha



Hope For The Best But Prepare For The Worst (With Gold And Munis)

SeekingAlpha



Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on municipal and taxable bond funds

SeekingAlpha



California borrows heavily for Oroville Dam

SeekingAlpha



Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds

SeekingAlpha



Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds

SeekingAlpha



Eaton Vance declares monthly distributions on muncipal and taxable bond funds

SeekingAlpha



The Hidden Risk In The Muni Bond Market

SeekingAlpha



Oroville residents allowed to return home

SeekingAlpha



California faces dam crisis

SeekingAlpha



Trump's Tax Plan Could Cost You - Here's What To Do About It

SeekingAlpha



Eaton Vance declares monthly distribution on muncipal funds

SeekingAlpha



American Small Businesses Party Like It's 2004

SeekingAlpha



Eaton Vance declares monthly distribution on muncipal funds

SeekingAlpha



Municipal Bond Markets After The U.S. Presidential Election: When The Dust Settles

SeekingAlpha


































 











Trending


Trump Just Resurrected the Ugly Practice Known as Civil Forfeiture for No Reason


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Sears Just Surrendered to Amazon With Kenmore Deal


50 Reasons Dying Sears Had to Strike a Deal With the Ruthless Amazon


Starbucks Has an Alarming Problem That Even Its Fans Must Admit Has to Be Fixed -- and Soon!











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Dynamic Global Bond Fund (RPIEX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Dynamic Global Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				RPIEX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments



			
			 	 Formerly T. Rowe Price Global Unconstrained Bond Fund
			 	 				 	 
			
		







 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/21/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$9.85
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.02
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/21/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								-1.89%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.78
							
							-
							
								$10.22
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$358.54

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Dynamic Global Bond Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Nontraditional Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The objective is to seek high current income.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/21/2017)
								
							



						
						
							0.62%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.19%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.10%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					0.20%
				
			

				
					0.20%
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 2.76%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							2.76%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							January 22, 2015
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.16%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.65%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							April 30, 2019
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Sun Jul 23 03:02:47 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















Over 80% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 3/31/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Asset Allocation





An Inside Look at T. Rowe Price® ActivePlus Portfolios

July 13, 2017









Retirement Planning





6 Key Ingredients for Retirement Planning

July 10, 2017









Markets & Economy





Quarterly Market Review

June 30, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*144 of our 330 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 122 of these 144 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 204 of 311 (66%), 175 of 213, 140 of 178 (79%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
24 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes). 23 of these 24 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 35 of 36, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 168 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 3/31/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































	CEF Types & Strategies: Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt Funds | Nuveen















































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us















			Strategies



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF




Overview
Taxable Income
Tax-Exempt Income
Multi-Strategy
Equity










			Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt Funds
			


		About Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt

		Tax-exempt municipal bonds are debt issued by a state, city, or other municipality for general governmental needs or to finance special
		projects. These municipal bonds pay interest that is free from regular federal income tax, and state-specific bonds can provide residents
		of those states with income free from state and, in some cases, local income taxes as well.* Tax-exempt municipal bonds can be an
		advantageous alternative to taxable investments, particularly for investors in higher tax brackets. To make a fair comparison between
		a tax-free investment like a municipal bond and a taxable investment, one should adjust the tax-free investment's yield to account
		for money saved in regular federal, and sometimes state, income tax.
	

* Interest on out-of-state bonds and dividends paid by national funds may be subject to state and local taxes. Income may also be
			subject to the Alternative Minimum Tax.



				About Nuveen Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt Closed-End Funds

				Nuveen offers several national tax-exempt municipal bond closed-end funds, and as well as state-specific funds focusing 15 different states. Municipal Closed-End
				Funds can potentially help you balance your desire for income and growth by:

Meeting current expenses with monthly tax-free income;
Potentially realizing attractive, long-term, after-tax total returns;
Diversifying your income portfolio;
Reducing the amount of your investment income subject to taxes.


				The Tax-Free Advantage






						Tax-Free Yield
					






						4%
					

						5%
					

						6%
					

						7%
					

						8%
					





Tax Rate


Taxable Equivalent Yield




						25%
					

						5.33%
					

						6.67%
					

						8.00%
					

						9.33%
					

						10.67%
					



						28%
					

						5.56%
					

						6.94%
					

						8.33%
					

						9.72%
					

						11.11%
					



						33%
					

						5.97%
					

						7.46%
					

						8.96%
					

						10.45%
					

						11.94%
					



						35%
					

						6.15%
					

						7.69%
					

						9.23%
					

						10.77%
					

						12.31%
					



						39.6%
					

						6.62%
					

						8.28%
					

						9.93%
					

						11.59%
					

						13.25%
					



				You can see you would need to earn much more from a taxable investment to match a municipal bond's after-tax yield. For instance,
				if your fund is yielding 5.00% tax-free and your tax rate is
				28%, you would need a taxable investment to yield 6.94% to match the same after-tax cash flow. 
			

This chart is for illustrative purposes only and is not intended to reflect past or predict future performance 
				for any particular investment. They do not take into account the effects of the federal alternative minimum tax (AMT) 
				or capital gains taxes.  This information is general in nature and should not be considered tax advice.  
				Nuveen is not a tax advisor and investors should consult with a qualified tax consultant as to their particular 
				situation.






						Investor Profile

						Are these CEFs right for you?

						The features and investment objectives of these funds might be especially appealing to investors seeking:


							Potential for attractive, monthly tax-free income

							Diversification of a portfolio otherwise comprised of taxable fixed-income
							and equity securities

							Reduction of the amount of investment income subject to taxes.


						What are potential risks?


							Municipal bond fund income may be subject to state and local income taxes and the alternative minimum tax. Capital gains, if any, will
							be subject to capital gains tax.

							Municipal bonds are subject to interest rate risk, or the risk
							that the bonds will decline in value because of changes in market interest rates.

							Municipal bonds are also subject to call risk, and credit risk.









			Nuveen's Municipal Bond Closed-End Funds


Select a national fund...
Nuveen Quality Municipal Income Fund-NAD
Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund-NZF
Nuveen Enhanced Municipal Value Fund-NEV
Nuveen Intermediate Duration Municipal Term Fund-NID
Nuveen Intermediate Duration Quality Municipal Term Fund-NIQ
Nuveen Municipal 2021 Target Term Fund-NHA
Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund-NMZ
Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund-NVG
Nuveen AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund-NEA
Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc.-NUV
Nuveen Municipal Income Fund, Inc.-NMI
Nuveen Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio-NXP
Nuveen Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio 2-NXQ
Nuveen Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio 3-NXR
Nuveen Select Maturities Municipal Fund-NIM
Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund-NUW




Select a state fund...
Nuveen Arizona Quality Municipal Income Fund-NAZ
Nuveen California Quality Municipal Income Fund-NAC
Nuveen California AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund-NKX
Nuveen California Municipal Value Fund, Inc.-NCA
Nuveen California Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio-NXC
Nuveen California Municipal Value Fund 2-NCB
Nuveen Connecticut Quality Municipal Income Fund-NTC
Nuveen Georgia Quality Municipal Income Fund-NKG
Nuveen Maryland Quality Municipal Income Fund-NMY
Nuveen Massachusetts Quality Municipal Income Fund-NMT
Nuveen Michigan Quality Municipal Income Fund-NUM
Nuveen Minnesota Quality Municipal Income Fund-NMS
Nuveen Missouri Quality Municipal Income Fund-NOM
Nuveen New Jersey Quality Municipal Income Fund-NXJ
Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund-NJV
Nuveen New York Quality Municipal Income Fund-NAN
Nuveen New York AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund-NRK
Nuveen New York Municipal Value Fund, Inc.-NNY
Nuveen New York Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio-NXN
Nuveen New York Municipal Value Fund 2-NYV
Nuveen North Carolina Quality Municipal Income Fund-NNC
Nuveen Ohio Quality Municipal Income Fund-NUO
Nuveen Pennsylvania Quality Municipal Income Fund-NQP
Nuveen Pennsylvania Municipal Value Fund-NPN
Nuveen Texas Quality Municipal Income Fund-NTX
Nuveen Virginia Quality Municipal Income Fund-NPV
























Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE







See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.

	14831-INV-AN-03/17




















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds




















	CEF Types & Strategies | Nuveen














































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us













Strategies


MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF




Overview
Taxable Income
Tax-Exempt Income
Multi-Strategy
Equity









CEF Types & Strategies

Find out more about the types of closed-end funds we offer and their investment
			strategies using the chart below.





Multi-Strategy



				 

Global Debt

Equity Option



Preferred Securities

MBS

Global Equity



Floating Rate

MLPs

Domestic Equity



Municipal Debt

REITs

				 





Chart Definitions
Income-oriented closed-end funds make payouts largely from interest	and dividends.
Income and capital appreciation funds seek regular cash	flow made up of interest and dividends, with the remainder from capital appreciation or, if necessary, return of capital.
Capital appreciation and income closed-end funds seek cash flow mainly from capital appreciation.
Single-asset-class funds invest primarily in one asset class, which can be used as components in a well-diversified income portfolio.
Pre-packaged combinations are funds featuring multiple asset types, which are designed to work together to diversify fund cash flow risks.






















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE







See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.




















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds





















	Income Investing | CEF | Nuveen



















































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us


































Closed the Income Gap®
with Nuveen Closed-End Funds



Closed-End Funds Offer Attractive Income Potential
In the search for increased income opportunities, closed-end funds can be a smart choice. Designed and built for income, closed-end funds seek to provide regular, stable cash flow over time and can serve as a compelling tool for optimizing an income portfolio.
Consider closed-end funds if you’re seeking to:1


1


Enhance Income and Cash Flow
Because of their unique closed structure and ability to use leverage,2 closed-end funds offer potentially higher distributions3 than traditional income investments.4


2


Manage Interest Rate Risk 
Floating rate, shorter duration or equity closed-end funds may help reduce a portfolio’s interest rate sensitivity.


3


Protect Purchasing Power
Closed-end funds that invest in real assets and dividend-paying stocks, which typically increase their payments with rising inflation, may help buffer the effects of rising inflation.


4


Maximize After-Tax Efficiency
Nuveen offers a wide array of national, state specific and AMT-free municipal closed-end funds that may help reduce your tax liability on investment income.5


5


Improve Diversification
With strategies that provide access to specialized asset classes, including alternatives, Nuveen closed-end funds may enhance portfolio diversification.





Additional Resources



How Do CEFs Compare? 


Additional Advisor Resources










What is a Closed-End Fund?
Anne KritzmireClosed-End Fund & Structured Products










Consider Nuveen closed-end funds if you’re seeking1



Fund Name
Ticker
Leveraged?
Primary Investment Focus 
Enhance Income
Manage Interest Rate Risk
Protect Purchasing Power
Maximize After-Tax Efficiency
Improve Diversification 




Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt


Nuveen Quality Municipal Income Fund
NAD
•
Investment Grade Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund
NVG
•
AMT-Free, Hybrid Investment Grade/High Yield Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc.
NUV

Investment Grade Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund
NMZ
•
High Yield Municipal Bonds
•


•





Taxable Debt


Nuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund
JQC
•
Senior Loans
•
•
•

•


Nuveen Mortgage Opportunity Term Fund
JLS
•
Mortgage-Backed Securities
•
•


•


Nuveen Preferred Securities Income Fund
JPS
•
Preferred Securities
•






Nuveen Global High Income Fund
JGH
•
Global High Yield Securities
•
•


•




Equity


Nuveen Real Asset Income and Growth Fund
JRI
•
Real Assets
•
•
•

•


Nuveen Tax-Advantaged Total Return Strategy Fund
JTA
•
Equity-Global
•
•
•

•


Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund
BXMX

Equity-Option
•
•

•
•








There is no guarantee that any of the funds will achieve their stated objectives. For detailed information on the specific risks associated with each fund, please view the fund overview by clicking on the fund name above.
1 Goal classifications represent common investor concerns when evaluating portfolio needs, are provided for informational purposes only, and are not intended to be relied upon as investment advice or recommendations.
2 Leverage typically magnifies the total return of a fund’s portfolio, whether that return is positive or negative, and creates an opportunity for increased common share net income as well as higher volatility of net asset value, market price, and distributions. There is no assurance that a fund’s leveraging strategy will be successful.
3 Potential distribution sources include net investment income, realized gains and return of capital.  
4 Different types of asset investments have different types of risks, which may provide higher returns but also greater volatility. In general, equity securities tend to be more volatile that fixed income securities. The value of, and income generated by, debt securities will decrease or increase based on changes in market interest rates. As interest rates risk, bond prices fall. In general, below investment grade (high-yield) debt securities tend to be more volatile than investment grade securities. Preferred securities are subordinated to bonds and other debt instruments in a company's capital structure, and therefore are subject to greater credit risk. The interest and principal payments of U.S. Treasury securities are guaranteed.
5 Income may be subject to state and local income taxes and the alternative minimum tax. Capital gains, if any, will be subject to capital gains tax.














Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
21247-INV-Y-03/17



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds


















































































American Funds



































































































All Funds | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ American Funds                                















American Funds















 ALL FUNDS


INVESTMENT TRACKER

-- FUNDS
								


COMPARE FUNDS


DOWNLOAD DATA
























Returns


			|
		

Daily Prices & Yields


			|
		

Symbols & Fund Numbers

			
|			
Literature







FILTER BY


Objective


Growth
Growth & Income
Equity-Income
Balanced
Bond
Tax-Exempt Bond
Money Market Funds
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
College Target Date
Retirement Target Date





Or



Asset Type 
					


Equity
Balanced
Fixed Income Taxable
Fixed Income tax exempt
Money Market







Investment Tracker
--
 Funds


					Add American Funds to your Investment Tracker by checking boxes below and choosing the Add To Tracker link above or below the table.
				





 American Funds

		Important: Class B and 529-B shares were no longer available for purchase as of April 21, 2009. All B and 529-B shares finished converting to A and 529-A shares on April 10, 2017.
	
















Share Class 
							



A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6






Returns
								









Monthly








Quarterly










at MOP/with CDSC








at NAV














Show Indices







ADD TO TRACKER





 PRINT

















Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















Fund Name

		Prices & Returns


		Yields
		



Price 
				
	
Change  ($)
			
	
Change  (%)
			
	
YTD
		
	

7-Day
		 SEC Yield at NAV
		
	
30-day SEC Yield NAV


12-Month Dist. Rate at NAV
		




At NAV as of -- (updated daily)
As of -- (updated monthly)








Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















1- of  results
0 results



ADD TO TRACKER


















































































































































American High-Income Trust - AHITX | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ American High-Income Trust                                                ®


















BOND FUNDS


American High-Income Trust ®
								(AHITX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A well-researched approach to high-yield investing.						  
Holds carefully researched, higher yielding, lower rated bonds with the potential for capital appreciation as company and economic fundamentals improve. More correlated with stocks than bonds.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$10.49					
as of 07/21/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$17,382.2
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

4					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.71%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



11.74%
1-year return

        


5.36%
5-year return

        


5.48%
10-year return

        



3.79%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



7.59%
1-year return

        


4.57%
5-year return

        


5.08%
10-year return

        



3.79%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities1.4%

Non-U.S. Equities0.4%



U.S. Bonds76.1%

Non-U.S. Bonds16.8%



Cash & Equivalents5.3%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures


Fixed-Income



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 fixed income   
																				  funds
		

 AHITX
 Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Fund Statistics 
			




4.1 years
Average Life 


3.3 years
Average Duration 


6.5%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


6.4%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Low Quality


Limited Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income. Its secondary investment objective is capital appreciation.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

A diversified portfolio of lower rated, higher yielding bonds. The fund's portfolio managers pay close attention to balancing the fund's high current income objective with potential principal risk when selecting securities.					



						Types of Investments
					

At least 65% of the portfolio will be invested in high-yield, lower rated bonds (Ba or BB or below at the time of purchase, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality) and other similar securities, including preferred stocks. Up to 25% of assets may be invested in common stocks or equity-related securities.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

Up to 25% of assets may be invested in securities of issuers outside the U.S., which may be denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.			         



			            Maturity
			        

Typically, the fund will be invested in intermediate- to long-term securities.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							02/19/1988

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$17,382.2

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 9/30/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							380+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							717,858

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Monthly



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							--

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							76%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Sep

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							026547 10 9

						Fund Number
						
					
							21












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 AHITX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 AHITX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for AHITX through 07/21/2017.
            

 AHITX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

5.31%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

5.11%					

3.79%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



David C. Barclay

36
29
27



Tom Chow

28
2
2



David A. Daigle

23
23
13



Tara L. Torrens

14
14
2



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (590)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(590 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(474 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(317 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Above Average

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					High Yield Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated


(564)



(564)



(457)



(303)



Expense Within Category  Funds Rated


(167)



(167)



(138)



(102)



Preservation Within Category Funds Rated



							(5783)



(5783)



(4861)



(3179)



Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated


(566)



(566)



(458)



(304)



Total Return Within Category Funds Rated


(566)



(566)



(458)



(304)





Category
High Yield Funds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST


 As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 





Fund


Standard Deviation 


9.99                        


Sharpe Ratio 


0.53                        









                            American Funds Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated quarterly)


                            Morningstar  Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated monthly)




                            Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index
                        

                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

97                        

5                        


Beta 

0.93                        

0.66                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
103/89
99/114










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
1.3%


A
0.0%


BBB/Baa
2.0%


BB/Ba
22.1%


B
43.4%


CCC & Below
22.4%


Unrated
1.7%


Cash & equivalents
5.3%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
61.1%


5-9.9 Years
28.8%


10-19.9 Years
1.3%


20-29.9 Years
1.6%


30+ Years
0.1%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
91.1%


Industrials
9%


Information technology
7.4%


Utilities
4%


Financials
3.1%


Other corporate bonds & notes
2.4%


Consumer staples
2.2%


Energy
14.8%


Health Care
13.2%


Consumer discretionary
12.9%


Materials
11.2%


Telecommunication services
10.9%









Other bonds & notes
1.5%







Convertible securities
1.1%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




Valeant Pharmaceuticals International

2.7%



Sprint

1.8%



Tenet Healthcare

1.8%



Altice

1.6%



First Quantum Minerals

1.6%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
77.50%


Europe
7.50%


Asia & Pacific Basin
1.90%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
7.80%


Cash & equivalents
5.30%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

0.2%
			


Other currencies
0.2%


U.S. Dollar
99.8%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
77.5%


Canada
6.1%


Netherlands
2.0%


United Kingdom
1.3%


Luxembourg
1.1%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS

CURRENT DAILY DIVIDENDS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




Daily
01/31/17
02/01/17
$0.0455357
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.36


Daily
02/28/17
03/01/17
$0.0402637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.46


Daily
03/31/17
04/03/17
$0.0484023
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.40


Daily
04/28/17
05/01/17
$0.0470432
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.44


Daily
05/31/17
06/01/17
$0.0488094
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.47


Daily
06/30/17
07/03/17
$0.0448773
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.43






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.27493161


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.27493161




				 as of 7/21/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00468870
07/03/2017


0.00312428
07/05/2017


0.00158506
07/06/2017


0.00158493
07/07/2017


0.00477266
07/10/2017


0.00158523
07/11/2017


0.00166222
07/12/2017


0.00167723
07/13/2017


0.00158405
07/14/2017


0.00484819
07/17/2017


0.00154268
07/18/2017


0.00160174
07/19/2017


0.00159160
07/20/2017


0.00159972
07/21/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date





Daily

01/31/2017
02/01/2017








 






 











						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00468870
07/03/2017


0.00312428
07/05/2017


0.00158506
07/06/2017


0.00158493
07/07/2017


0.00477266
07/10/2017


0.00158523
07/11/2017


0.00166222
07/12/2017


0.00167723
07/13/2017


0.00158405
07/14/2017


0.00484819
07/17/2017


0.00154268
07/18/2017


0.00160174
07/19/2017


0.00159160
07/20/2017


0.00159972
07/21/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.29%


Other Expenses
0.18%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.71%


Lipper 		 High Yield
 Funds Average
	


1.05%			








Resources






			Literature for AHITX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
11/16




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
05/17





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
11/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the lowest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High-Yield 2% Issuer Capped: Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index covers the universe of fixed-rate, non-investment-grade debt. The index limits the maximum exposure of any one issuer to 2%.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 American High-Income Trust (AHITX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index     
Lipper High Yield Funds Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High-Yield 2% Issuer Capped: Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index covers the universe of fixed-rate, non-investment-grade debt. The index limits the maximum exposure of any one issuer to 2%.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Friday, February 19, 1988) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1988), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 American High-Income Trust (AHITX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index
Lipper High Yield Funds Index
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High-Yield 2% Issuer Capped: Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index covers the universe of fixed-rate, non-investment-grade debt. The index limits the maximum exposure of any one issuer to 2%.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income
 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index
Lipper High Yield Funds Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for AHITX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.














































































































































The Bond Fund of America - ABNDX | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ The Bond Fund of America                                                ®


















BOND FUNDS


The Bond Fund of America ®
								(ABNDX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A Core Bond Portfolio With Broad Diversification.						  
Our most diversified bond fund invests in nearly every sector of the bond market, with a focus on securities rated A or above.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$12.98					
as of 07/21/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$34,575.9
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

7					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.61%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



0.24%
1-year return

        


2.27%
5-year return

        


3.12%
10-year return

        



1.80%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



-3.51%
1-year return

        


1.49%
5-year return

        


2.73%
10-year return

        



1.80%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds81.3%

Non-U.S. Bonds13.3%



Cash & Equivalents5.4%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures


Fixed-Income



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 fixed income   
																				  funds
		

 ABNDX
 Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Fund Statistics 
			




7.1 years
Average Life 


5.2 years
Average Duration 


3.0%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


2.9%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Moderate Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objective is to provide as high a level of current income as is consistent with the preservation of capital.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

Broadly diversified fixed-income fund with flexibility to respond to various bond market conditions.					



						Types of Investments
					

Primarily invests in corporate debt securities, U.S. and other government securities, mortgage-related securities and cash.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

May invest up to 25% of assets in fixed-income securities of corporations and government entities outside the United States.			         



			            Maturity
			        

Typically, the fund will be invested in intermediate- to long-term securities.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund generally invests at least 80% of its assets in bonds, including corporate bonds, U.S. government securities and money market instruments. At least 60% of its assets will be invested in securities rated A3/A- or better at the time of purchase (or unrated but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality). It is the fund’s current practice not to invest more than 10% of its assets in debt securities rated Ba1 and BB+ or below.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							05/28/1974

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$34,575.9

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							710+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							1,223,218

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Monthly



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							--

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							363%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							097873 10 3

						Fund Number
						
					
							8












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 ABNDX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 ABNDX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for ABNDX through 07/21/2017.
            

 ABNDX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

1.78%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

1.71%					

1.80%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Pramod Atluri

19
1
1



Andrew F. Barth

32
32
7



David J. Betanzos

17
15
1



David A. Hoag

29
26
8



Fergus N. MacDonald

25
14
2



Robert H. Neithart

30
30
8



John H. Smet

35
34
28



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (856)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(856 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(767 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(540 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Above Average

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					Intermediate-Term Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated


(422)



(422)



(382)



(287)



Expense Within Category  Funds Rated


(128)



(128)



(124)



(102)



Preservation Within Category Funds Rated



							(5783)



(5783)



(4861)



(3179)



Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated


(427)



(427)



(387)



(292)



Total Return Within Category Funds Rated


(427)



(427)



(387)



(292)





Category
Core Bond Funds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST


 As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 


Fund

Standard Deviation 

4.35                        


Sharpe Ratio 

0.61                        










                            American Funds/Morningstar Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)





                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

56                        


Beta 

1.00                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
135/93










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
28.7%


AAA/Aaa
29.7%


AA/Aa
4.2%


A
12.6%


BBB/Baa
16.5%


BB/Ba
2.0%


B
0.5%


CCC & Below
0.1%


Unrated
0.3%


Cash & equivalents
5.4%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
44.5%


5-9.9 Years
40.3%


10-19.9 Years
1.5%


20-29.9 Years
8.1%


30+ Years
0.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
31.4%


Financials
7.6%


Health Care
5.1%


Energy
4.7%


Utilities
3.4%


Consumer discretionary
3.3%


Consumer staples
1.8%


Information technology
1.4%


Other corporate bonds & notes
1.3%


Industrials
1.1%


Telecommunication services
1%


Materials
0.7%









U.S. government & government agency bonds & notes
28.7%







Mortgage-backed obligations
+
21.9%


Agency
20.3%


Non-Agency
1.1%


Commercial
0.5%









Asset-backed obligations
9%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
2.4%







Municipal securities
1.2%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

28.6%



Fannie Mae

8.3%



Freddie Mac

7.9%



Ginnie Mae

4.0%



Chase Issuance Trust

1.6%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
81.30%


Europe
7.20%


Asia & Pacific Basin
2.40%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
3.70%


Cash & equivalents
5.40%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

2.8%
			


Japanese yen
2.3%


Mexican peso
0.1%


Euros
0.1%


Other currencies
0.3%


U.S. Dollar
97.2%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
81.3%


United Kingdom
1.8%


Germany
1.5%


Canada
1.1%


Japan
1.0%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS

CURRENT DAILY DIVIDENDS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




Daily
01/31/17
02/01/17
$0.0181691
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.76


Daily
02/28/17
03/01/17
$0.0174214
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.82


Daily
03/31/17
04/03/17
$0.0230002
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.80


Daily
04/28/17
05/01/17
$0.0202585
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.88


Daily
05/31/17
06/01/17
$0.0184525
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.95


Daily
06/30/17
07/03/17
$0.0191101
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.92






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.11641176


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.11641176




				 as of 7/21/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00174905
07/03/2017


0.00119462
07/05/2017


0.00060210
07/06/2017


0.00067807
07/07/2017


0.00180535
07/10/2017


0.00061957
07/11/2017


0.00059981
07/12/2017


0.00062132
07/13/2017


0.00065259
07/14/2017


0.00183369
07/17/2017


0.00061809
07/18/2017


0.00060668
07/19/2017


0.00063126
07/20/2017


0.00066526
07/21/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date





Daily

01/31/2017
02/01/2017








 






 











						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00174905
07/03/2017


0.00119462
07/05/2017


0.00060210
07/06/2017


0.00067807
07/07/2017


0.00180535
07/10/2017


0.00061957
07/11/2017


0.00059981
07/12/2017


0.00062132
07/13/2017


0.00065259
07/14/2017


0.00183369
07/17/2017


0.00061809
07/18/2017


0.00060668
07/19/2017


0.00063126
07/20/2017


0.00066526
07/21/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.19%


Other Expenses
0.18%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.61%


Lipper 		 Core Bond
 Funds Average
	


0.81%			








Resources






			Literature for ABNDX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
08/16





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Fund Highlights
(PDF) 
05/17











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Bond Fund of America (ABNDX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Tuesday, May 28, 1974) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1974), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Bond Fund of America (ABNDX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Core Bond Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income
 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for ABNDX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.


















































































Eaton Vance Management | Eaton Vance














































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies













Investment Professional Sign In

Select Site
Select


 
Select your region / country and role.





GO
















EATON VANCE CORP.

INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS

FINANCIAL ADVISORS

INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS



























Anticipating the challenges of today's markets and delivering investment solutions since 1924 
Fast-changing markets require dynamic thinking and forward-looking solutions. Eaton Vance has a longstanding reputation as a leading developer of innovative strategies with strong investment merit.

Learn More About Eaton Vance




US Global Home Page Solutions Teaser
View solutions for:






Pursue success.
Eaton Vance sponsors a broad lineupof mutual funds, closed-end fundsand separately managed accountsthat serve the unique needsof individual investors.

Learn More




US Global Home Page Solutions Teaser
View solutions for:






Pursuing clients' goals.
Eaton Vance is committed to providing financial advisors with the investment solutions and market intelligence they need to help pursue clients' changing goals.

Learn More




US Global Home Page Solutions Teaser
View solutions for:






Work with a trusted partner.
Eaton Vance has a long historyin serving institutional clientsand consultants across a broadarray of investment capabilities.

Learn More




US Global Home Page Solutions Teaser
View solutions for:

























 



Individual Investors/Advisors

Mutual Funds — Prices and Performance
Separately Managed Accounts
NextShares™ Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Investment Trusts (UITs)
Advisory Blog
Advisor Top-of-Mind Index (ATOMIX)
Impact



Institutional Investors 

Insights and Thought Leadership 
Investment Strategies 
Fixed-Income Investing 
Global Equity Solutions 
Floating-Rate Loans 
Multisector Bond 
Monthly Market Monitor

In the News

Video: The benefits of a bond ladderJuly 20, 2017Michael J. Sullivan, CFAInstitutional Portfolio ManagerEaton VanceAndrew  GoodaleInstitutional Portfolio ManagerEaton Vance











Our Investment Affiliates 
 






Visit EVM













Visit Parametric













Visit Atlanta Capital













Visit Hexavest













Visit Calvert Research and Management















Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
FAs: Register
EmailPrint







Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.










Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage  
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:Home United States
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://global.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept















Eaton Vance - Wikipedia





















 






Eaton Vance

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (September 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Eaton Vance Corporation


Mutual funds for people who pay taxes




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: EV
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Investment management


Founded
Boston, Massachusetts (1924)


Headquarters
Two International Place
Boston, Massachusetts



Key people

Thomas E. Faust Jr., CEO & Chief Executive


Products
Mutual funds,
tax-managed funds,
closed-end funds,
variable trust funds,
managed accounts,
wealth management


AUM
$147.7 billion as of 8/31/09



Number of employees

1,024


Website
www.eatonvance.com


Eaton Vance Corp. is one of the oldest investment management firms in the United States, with a history dating back to 1924.
Eaton Vance and its affiliates offer individuals and institutions investment products and wealth management services and creation, marketing, and management of investment funds. It provides investment products to individuals, institutions and financial professionals in the US, including wealth management solutions, defined contribution investment only and sub-advisory services.[1]
History[edit]
Eaton Vance was formed by the 1979 merger of two Boston-based investment management firms: Eaton & Howard, Inc., founded in 1924, and Vance, Sanders & Company, organized in 1934.
Landon T. Clay, founder of the Clay Institute was its former chairman.
In 2011, Eaton Vance and Richard Bernstein Advisors launched the Eaton Vance Richard Bernstein All Asset Strategy.
References[edit]



^ "Eaton Vance Corp". Bloomberg Business Week. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 



External links[edit]

Eaton Vance





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Eaton_Vance&oldid=778524651"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies based in MassachusettsInvestment management companies of the United StatesMutual fund familiesHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from September 2014All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 3 May 2017, at 17:29.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.
























Eaton Vance Management | Eaton Vance














































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies













Investment Professional Sign In

Select Site
Select


 
Select your region / country and role.





GO
















EATON VANCE CORP.

INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS

FINANCIAL ADVISORS

INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS



























Anticipating the challenges of today's markets and delivering investment solutions since 1924 
Fast-changing markets require dynamic thinking and forward-looking solutions. Eaton Vance has a longstanding reputation as a leading developer of innovative strategies with strong investment merit.

Learn More About Eaton Vance




US Global Home Page Solutions Teaser
View solutions for:






Pursue success.
Eaton Vance sponsors a broad lineupof mutual funds, closed-end fundsand separately managed accountsthat serve the unique needsof individual investors.

Learn More




US Global Home Page Solutions Teaser
View solutions for:






Pursuing clients' goals.
Eaton Vance is committed to providing financial advisors with the investment solutions and market intelligence they need to help pursue clients' changing goals.

Learn More




US Global Home Page Solutions Teaser
View solutions for:






Work with a trusted partner.
Eaton Vance has a long historyin serving institutional clientsand consultants across a broadarray of investment capabilities.

Learn More




US Global Home Page Solutions Teaser
View solutions for:

























 



Individual Investors/Advisors

Mutual Funds — Prices and Performance
Separately Managed Accounts
NextShares™ Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Investment Trusts (UITs)
Advisory Blog
Advisor Top-of-Mind Index (ATOMIX)
Impact



Institutional Investors 

Insights and Thought Leadership 
Investment Strategies 
Fixed-Income Investing 
Global Equity Solutions 
Floating-Rate Loans 
Multisector Bond 
Monthly Market Monitor

In the News

Video: The benefits of a bond ladderJuly 20, 2017Michael J. Sullivan, CFAInstitutional Portfolio ManagerEaton VanceAndrew  GoodaleInstitutional Portfolio ManagerEaton Vance











Our Investment Affiliates 
 






Visit EVM













Visit Parametric













Visit Atlanta Capital













Visit Hexavest













Visit Calvert Research and Management















Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
FAs: Register
EmailPrint







Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.










Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage  
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:Home United States
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://global.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept















Eaton Vance - Wikipedia





















 






Eaton Vance

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (September 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Eaton Vance Corporation


Mutual funds for people who pay taxes




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: EV
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Investment management


Founded
Boston, Massachusetts (1924)


Headquarters
Two International Place
Boston, Massachusetts



Key people

Thomas E. Faust Jr., CEO & Chief Executive


Products
Mutual funds,
tax-managed funds,
closed-end funds,
variable trust funds,
managed accounts,
wealth management


AUM
$147.7 billion as of 8/31/09



Number of employees

1,024


Website
www.eatonvance.com


Eaton Vance Corp. is one of the oldest investment management firms in the United States, with a history dating back to 1924.
Eaton Vance and its affiliates offer individuals and institutions investment products and wealth management services and creation, marketing, and management of investment funds. It provides investment products to individuals, institutions and financial professionals in the US, including wealth management solutions, defined contribution investment only and sub-advisory services.[1]
History[edit]
Eaton Vance was formed by the 1979 merger of two Boston-based investment management firms: Eaton & Howard, Inc., founded in 1924, and Vance, Sanders & Company, organized in 1934.
Landon T. Clay, founder of the Clay Institute was its former chairman.
In 2011, Eaton Vance and Richard Bernstein Advisors launched the Eaton Vance Richard Bernstein All Asset Strategy.
References[edit]



^ "Eaton Vance Corp". Bloomberg Business Week. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 



External links[edit]

Eaton Vance





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Eaton_Vance&oldid=778524651"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies based in MassachusettsInvestment management companies of the United StatesMutual fund familiesHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from September 2014All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 3 May 2017, at 17:29.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















Eaton Vance (@EatonVance) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.




About






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Eaton VanceVerified account



@EatonVance












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
4,060
            



Following
Following
340



Followers
Followers
13.1K



Likes
Likes
19

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @EatonVance

Mute @EatonVance



Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Eaton VanceVerified account



@EatonVance


Along with our affiliates, we offer investors a broad array of investment strategies and wealth management solutions. Explore more at http://eatonvance.com .



            Click for important disclosure

      



 
    eatonvance.com/socialmedia
  




Joined February 2013












                
                279 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @EatonVance
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @EatonVance
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Eaton Vance followed
        





















Pinned Tweet







Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Only 24% of advisors are now worried about rising inflation. How do you feel? #EVATOMIX









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Looking to invest in real estate? Here are three reasons why REITS may be a great choice ... http://bit.ly/2tnqU8m 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







17% of advisors say geopolitical issues will be the biggest source of market volatility. Do you agree? #EVATOMIX http://ow.ly/2Iw130dDTeF 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Taxes: Simplifying the code is one thing. Passing sweeping reform legislation is another. Here's what it will take: http://ow.ly/fVH330dDTeD 





0 replies




2 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Worried about rising rates? Here’s how a bond ladder may help ... http://bit.ly/2tinnIH 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







27% of advisors say their clients are worried about rising inflation. How do your clients feel? #EVATOMIX http://ow.ly/eMp530dDTeA 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Is inflation a sleeping giant? Here’s how to prep for rising prices ... http://bit.ly/2uzmuiB 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







What's the best strategy to protect against rising inflation? #EVATOMIX









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







What's at the heart of Trump's tax reform plan? Much lower taxes on business income. See details: http://ow.ly/zAy830dDTev 





0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Ready to hop on the EM corporate debt bandwagon? Here's why you should think twice ... http://bit.ly/2uwmjEL 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Feeling bearish on U.S. bond markets for the next quarter? 40% of advisors feel the same. See more #EVATOMIX http://ow.ly/QEyE30dDTeu 





0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Is coffee or zinc the top commodities sub-sector performer YTD? http://ow.ly/iLzo30dDTes 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Muni investors: 12 U.S. states have received credit downgrades over the past year. Could PA be next? ... http://bit.ly/2usgbO3 





1 reply




0 retweets




2 likes








Reply


1







Retweet







Retweeted











Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Income. Volatility. Taxes. Growth. Which is top-of-mind with you right now? Explore more #EVATOMIX http://ow.ly/Qi1V30dDTeo 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







What is "revenue neutral" tax reform (and why is it so important right now)? http://ow.ly/TGLu30dDTen 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







55% of advisors say the Trump administration will negatively impact the overall political climate. What’s your take? #EVATOMIX









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 14






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







What is "dynamic scoring" (and can it help make Trump tax reform revenue neutral)? http://ow.ly/FrC530drjBt 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 14






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







62% of advisors say the Trump administration will positively impact the dollar. What’s your take? #EVATOMIX









0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 13






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







45% of advisors say greed primarily motivates their clients' investment decisions. What motivates you? #EVATOMIX http://ow.ly/jfnZ30drjBr 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Eaton Vance‏Verified account @EatonVance

Jul 13






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







The 3 key issues that muni investors should watch now: ... http://bit.ly/2ueSGro 





0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @EatonVance hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























Eaton Vance - Wikipedia





















 






Eaton Vance

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (September 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Eaton Vance Corporation


Mutual funds for people who pay taxes




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: EV
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Investment management


Founded
Boston, Massachusetts (1924)


Headquarters
Two International Place
Boston, Massachusetts



Key people

Thomas E. Faust Jr., CEO & Chief Executive


Products
Mutual funds,
tax-managed funds,
closed-end funds,
variable trust funds,
managed accounts,
wealth management


AUM
$147.7 billion as of 8/31/09



Number of employees

1,024


Website
www.eatonvance.com


Eaton Vance Corp. is one of the oldest investment management firms in the United States, with a history dating back to 1924.
Eaton Vance and its affiliates offer individuals and institutions investment products and wealth management services and creation, marketing, and management of investment funds. It provides investment products to individuals, institutions and financial professionals in the US, including wealth management solutions, defined contribution investment only and sub-advisory services.[1]
History[edit]
Eaton Vance was formed by the 1979 merger of two Boston-based investment management firms: Eaton & Howard, Inc., founded in 1924, and Vance, Sanders & Company, organized in 1934.
Landon T. Clay, founder of the Clay Institute was its former chairman.
In 2011, Eaton Vance and Richard Bernstein Advisors launched the Eaton Vance Richard Bernstein All Asset Strategy.
References[edit]



^ "Eaton Vance Corp". Bloomberg Business Week. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 



External links[edit]

Eaton Vance





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Eaton_Vance&oldid=778524651"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies based in MassachusettsInvestment management companies of the United StatesMutual fund familiesHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from September 2014All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 3 May 2017, at 17:29.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















Tax-Efficient Solutions | Columbia Threadneedle Investments














Welcome to our website for Financial Advisors. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.








Contact Us
Help








                    Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation
   









Menu




Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)








Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video







Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors







Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video







Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video







About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center







Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video























Contact Us
Help





Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home












 



Resources
Investor Goals 
Tax Efficiency












Tax Efficiency






















Municipal bonds may help maximize your clients' after-tax returns. Help counteract rising taxes with tax-efficient solutions from Columbia Threadneedle Investments.

Your clients have worked too hard building their wealth to lose it to taxes. And in the current financial climate, what you keep is more important than what you earn. Fortunately municipal bonds can help offset higher taxes while providing attractive yields. Discover ways to maximize your clients’ investment returns while preserving their capital with more tax-efficient* solutions.
Solutions for Tax Efficiency




Columbia Short Term Municipal Bond Fund
Morningstar Category: Muni National Short

Fund Strategy and Benefits
Quarterly Fact Sheet

Strategy
				This fund seeks to minimize the fluctuation of principal with the potential to deliver an attractive level of income through investing in short-term investment-grade municipal securities.
Benefits

Emphasizes stability of net asset value and preservation of capital
Barbell approach limits volatility and provides liquidity while striving to enhance income
Diversifies across a wide range of issuers, sectors and geographical regions




Columbia AMT-Free Intermediate Muni Bond Fund
Morningstar Category: Muni National Interm

Fund Strategy and Benefits
Quarterly Fact Sheet

Strategy
				This fund strives to deliver strong total returns with an emphasis on capital preservation by identifying relative value opportunities and managing risks through independent, fundamental credit research.
Benefits

Focuses on intermediate maturities to offer attractive yields with lower duration than longer maturities
Invests in lower rated, investment-grade municipal bonds for enhanced income
Adds value by actively managing structural components such as maturity, quality, sector and coupon relative to fund’s index






Columbia High Yield Municipal Fund
Morningstar Category: High Yield Muni

Fund Strategy and Benefits
Quarterly Fact Sheet

Strategy
				This fund aims to deliver a high level of income and price appreciation — with an emphasis on risk management — through investments in higher yielding, lower quality securities.
Benefits

Offers above average liquidity in the form of cash and higher quality securities
Disciplined risk-management process sets restrictions on concentration and volatile credit exposure
Less sensitive to interest rate changes than high-quality counterparts





































 Award-Winning Investor Newsletter






Recognized by industry peers as best-in-class for mutual fund marketing and communications,1 our Investor Newsletter features timely economic trends, investment strategies and solutions, and more.
Read the current issue



1The Mutual Fund Education Alliance STAR Awards competition recognizes excellence in mutual fund marketing and communications. Materials were evaluated on educational value, message comprehension, effective design and stated objectives. The Columbia Threadneedle Investor Newsletter won best Retail Electronic Newsletter in the Large Plus Asset Level category in 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2016.
 












































                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                        a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help
























California Surety Bonds | NNA Surety Bonds






























































	You are here:
Home » Bonds » California Surety Bonds









Menu
















California Surety Bonds











Contact us for a quote today!
We offer the following surety bonds in the state of California:
Fill out the form below for a free quote or call us at 855-215-2160.

Collection Agent
This $10,000 bond is needed in order to verify the agency has been approved to offer good and qualified services, as well as protects the client should the collection agency do anything illegal or dishonest.

Employment AgencyThe State of California requires the posting of a $3,000 bond for you to show you will be conducting business under the terms of the Civil Code of the State of California.

Escrow AgentBy purchasing this $25,000-$50,000 bond, the escrow agent agrees to follow all rules and laws set by the state, protecting the client from any unprofessional conduct or fraud.

Immigration ConsultantA required $100,000 bond will prove you will perform the responsibilities of an immigration consultant honestly and professionally.

Legal Document AssistantLegal document assistant workers in California must post a bond of at least $25,000-$100,000 to ensure they are working under the California Business and Professions Code.
 

Motor Vehicle Registration ServiceThe DMV will require you to purchase a $25,000 bond if you approve or renew vehicle registration ownerships or transfers to owners.

Motor Vehicle DealerThese $50,000 coverage bonds ensure that those selling conduct business in compliance with the vehicle code.

Pest ControlThis $12,500 bond is required by any exterminator company to prove they are conducting business under the Business and Professions Code, as well as verify they will reimburse any client who is damaged by company fraud or carelessness if it should occur.

Process ServerBy posting this $2,000 bond, you agree to comply with Division 8 of the Business and Professional Code of California which underlines regulations as a Process Server.

Public Insurance AdjusterIf you commit any unlawful acts as a public insurance adjuster, a $20,000 bond protects your clients harmed from financial loss up to this amount.

Talent AgencyA talent agency involved in the employment of a person or entity in the entertainment industry is required to purchase a bond of $50,000 in the state of California.

Tax PreparerA California Tax Preparer bond of $5,000 protects the client from any deviations, fraud or dishonesty on the part of the Tax Preparer.












 Start your FREE Quote 855-215-2160
Choose Your StateAlaskaAlabamaArkansasArizonaCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIowaIdahoIllinoisIndianaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMassachusettsMarylandMaineMichiganMinnesotaMissouriMississippiMontanaNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaNebraskaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNevadaNew YorkOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVirginiaVermontWashingtonWisconsinWest VirginiaWyomingSelect the bond(s) you want:Appraisal Management CompanyBail Bond AgentCheck CasherCollection AgencyConsumer Money LenderConsumer/Installment LoanContractors License (all types)Credit Services BusinessCredit Services OrganizationEmployment AgencyEscrow AgentImmigration ConsultantInstructional SchoolLegal Document AssistantMedicaid ProviderMoney TransmitterMortgage Broker/LenderMotor Vehicles (all types)Pest ControlProcess Server BondPublic Insurance AdjusterTalent AgencyTax PreparerTelemarketing/Telephone SolicitorTitle AgencyUSPS Contract Postal UnitOther

Please leave this field empty.



























Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














Eaton Vance municipal bond fund






Web Results



Municipal Bond Fund (EIM) | Eaton Vance Funds

funds.eatonvance.com/municipal-bond-fund-eim.php
The information contained herein is provided for informational purposes only and 
does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell Fund shares.



California Municipal Bond Fund (EVM) | Eaton Vance Funds

funds.eatonvance.com/california-municipal-bond-fund-evm.php
The information contained herein is provided for informational purposes only and 
does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell Fund shares.



EIM 12.64 0.00 0.00% : Eaton Vance Municipal Bond Fund - Yahoo ...

finance.yahoo.com/quote/EIM
View the basic EIM stock chart on Yahoo Finance. Change the date range, chart 
type and compare Eaton Vance Municipal Bond Fund against other companies.




More Results »



What is the definition of a municipal bond fund?





Municipal Bond Fund - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/m/municipalbondfund.asp
A mutual fund that invests in municipal bonds, or "munis." Municipal bonds are 
debt ... DEFINITION of 'Municipal Bond Fund'. A mutual fund that invests in ...



Municipal bond - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Municipal_bond
A municipal bond, commonly known as a Muni Bond, is a bond issued by a local 
government or ... The key defining feature of such bonds is that they are issued 
by a public-use entity at a lower level of government than the sovereign. .... The 
ability to raise such funds is an exercise of the municipal issuer's buying power.



Municipal Bond - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/m/municipalbond.asp
Municipal bonds are exempt from federal taxes and from most state and local 
taxes, especially if you live in the state in which the bond is ... Municipal Bond 
Fund ...




More Results »



Where can one receive a municipal bond fund?





The Top 5 Municipal Bond Funds for 2016 | Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/010716/top-5-municipal-bond-funds-2016.asp
Jan 7, 2016 ... For individual investors seeking tax-advantaged investment strategies in the fixed 
... Understand how the addition of municipal bond mutual funds can ... The 
interest received on a municipal bond is generally exempt from federal tax, ... Tax
-Exempt Fund has an inception date of 1977, making it one of the ...



How do Municipal Bonds Work? Learn the Basics

www.municipalbonds.com/education/the-basics-of-municipal-bonds
Jun 24, 2015 ... Investing in municipal bonds can be a great way for investors to preserve ... of 
muni that are repaid using the revenues from the projects the bonds helped fund. 
.... to determine if the municipal bond path is the right one for you. ... Subscribe to 
receive FREE updates, insights and more, straight to your inbox.



What's the Difference Between a Muni Bond Fund and a Muni Bond ...

neighborly.com/learn/muni-bond-funds-vs-municipal-bonds
May 26, 2016 ... You might think that because a muni bond fund is a collection of individual muni 
... But from an investment perspective, bond funds can react very .... to get a 
sense of what returns investors in that fund have been receiving, but ...




More Results »



Eaton Vance municipal bond fund







1


2


3


4


5


Next










Related Search



Eaton Vance Mutual Funds




Eaton Vance Corporation




                                Pimco Total Return Fund




                                Growth Fund of America




                                Fidelity Funds




                                Templeton Funds




                                Oppenheimer Funds




                                Morningstar




                                American Funds




                                Vanguard




                                Yahoo Finance




                                Loomis Sayles



















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC


















Get Muni Bonds That Make Sense For You - FMSBonds.com      



Value for muni investors
Talk to a specialist: 1-800-FMS-BOND
1-800-367-2663








Get Muni Bonds That Are Right For YouNot all tax-free muni bonds are the same.Find munis that fit your investment objectives.Serving muni bond investors since 1978.

Select Your Preferred StateNo PreferenceAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming
Minimum RatingNo PreferenceAaa/AAAA/ABaa/BBBBa/BBNR/NR
    


About.com Search - Find it now!
















about.com logo






























About WEB RESULTS


List of Municipal Bond ETFs



etf.about.com
List of Municipal Bond ETFs.
A List of Muni Bond ETFs.


If you’re looking for a municipal bond ETF , you’ve come to the right place. This list is not only updated to have the most current bond ETFs , but also will contain individual “clickable
More »






2013 Outlook: Municipal Bonds



bonds.about.com
 the outlook for municipal bonds in the year ahead is an additional increase in the default rate (or the percentage of issuers that fail to make their interest and principal payments on time). Municipal defaults rose in 2012, highlighted by defaults for three
More »






Tests of Safety for Tax-Free Municipal Bonds



beginnersinvest.about.com
 guarantee, investors are willing to accept a lower coupon rate because they believe there is less risk of default. Still, municipal bonds that are rated AAA because of their insurance protection will almost always yield more than an issue that would qualify
More »






Types of Bonds - Definition of Municipal Bonds



mutualfunds.about.com
 prices are expected to fall. Bond fund investors can also consider bond funds that can do well in rising interest rate environments . 

The typical investor that use municipal bonds and municipal bond funds are those in high tax brackets. Also
More »








RELATED SEARCHES



Municipal Bond Offerings






                        Best Tax Free Municipal Bonds






                        Tax Free Municipal Bonds






Municipal Bonds for Dummies






Municipal Bond Interest Rates






Municipal Bonds Versus Savings Account






                        State Tax Free Municipal Bonds






                        Definition of Municipal Bonds






                        Tax Free Municipal Bond Funds






Municipal Bond Yields






MORE About WEB RESULTS


Introduction to Municipal Bonds



bonds.about.com
 investment-grade bond market, although not necessarily in magnitude. This chart shows the returns of the Barclays Municipal Bond Index in each calendar year from 1991 through 2013. Munis have delivered positive total returns in 19 of the past 23 calendar years
More »






Investing in Municipal Bonds



beginnersinvest.about.com
, new school, or hospital. Their primary attraction is that the interest paid to the. 

owner of a municipal bond. 

is exempt. 

from Federal taxes. 

. In most cases, an investor is exempt. 

from state taxes. 

as well if he resides within the same state
More »






Deciding if You Should Buy Municipal (Muni) Bonds



bonds.about.com
 bracket, then 100 minus 33 is 66. Your reciprocal bracket is 66. 

What’s the rate on the muni I’m considering? Top-rated 10-year tax-exempt bonds are yielding 3.84 percent, according to Municipal Market Advisors. Let’s use that figure for this example. 

What’s
More »










1


                        2




                        3




                        4




                        5




                        6




                        7




                        8




                        9




                        10




                        Next »










RELATED SEARCHES



Municipal Bond Offerings






                        Best Tax Free Municipal Bonds






                        Tax Free Municipal Bonds






Municipal Bonds for Dummies






Municipal Bond Interest Rates



















Advertise on About.com

 | 

Our Story

 | 

News & Events

 | 

Careers

 | 

SiteMap

 | 

All Topics

 | 

Reprints

 | 

Help

 | 

Write for About

 | 

User Agreement

 | 

Ethics Policy

 | 

Patent Info.

 | 

Privacy Policy

 | 

Your Ad Choices

 | 

© 2017 About.com. All rights reserved.



















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































