

 QuickCorps.Com | Form an LLC or incorporate for business online today
































Incorporate Now















Launch Your Business 
With Speed And Value


Packages starting at $39 plus state filing fees.
Free 1st Year Registered Agent. 
All orders include free shipping.

Get Started











Start Your Business In 3 Easy Steps






1


Select a Package
We provide a side by side comparison of each of our packages. Select the package that is most suitable to your business needs.






2


Complete Order Form
Provide information about your company based on the selected state of incorporation.






3


Receive Your Documents
We do the work for you to draft your articles and work with the state to file your company. Upon completion we will mail your filed company formation documents to the address you provide.






What's included in each package?
See Plans & Pricing









How Does it Work

Once your order is placed we will begin processing the formation of your company. If additional information is required we will contact you for the necessary information. We handle your formation from beginning to end and make sure that your formation is filed quickly and correctly.





Review  Order Details

Every new order is reviewed for accuracy and conformity to state filing guidelines.



Name  Availability Search

A thorough name search is conducted with the state to ascertain the availability of the company name.



Prepare  and File Documents

Articles of Incorporation / Organization are prepared and delivered to the governing state agency.



Deliver  Filed Documents

The filed articles along with any additional services are mailed to the client.












Get a Quick Quote







Select Entity Type
LLC
S-Corporation
C-Corporation
Nonprofit






Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming








Get Started Now














How can we help you?



Client Support 





Name *



Email Address *



Phone Number *



Message *





Send Message



Thanks for your message! We'll get back to you as soon as we can.

Send Other









Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017



Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




ebbu LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 5:01 AM ET
Personal Products

Company Overview of ebbu LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
ebbu LLC distills, develops, and manufactures e-liquid cannabis. The company was incorporated in 2013 and is based in Evergreen, Colorado.


35715 US Highway 40Units D206Evergreen, CO 80439United StatesFounded in 2013



ebbu.com







Key Executives for ebbu LLC




Mr. Jonathan Michael Cooper


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

ebbu LLC Key Developments

ebbu™ Unveils Patent Pending Water Soluble Aqua Drops
Apr 25 17
ebbu™ has developed the first line of fast-acting, 100% water-soluble, truly consistent edible products that deliver a predictable and reliable experience. The recently launched 'Aqua Drops' are a new patent pending consumption mechanism for cannabis developed by the innovative R&D team at ebbu™. The Aqua Drops have been developed using the patent pending, science-based Genesis™ Formulation (a precise cocktail of cannabinoids and terpenes designed to maximize the Entourage Effect) ensuring the Drops deliver on consistency no matter when or where buy them. The experience via Aqua Drops begins approximately 5 to 14 minutes after consumption, when consumed in a "cocktail" sized drink. Unlike other cannabis edibles where the absorption doesn't begin until digestion and the resulting experience is unpredictable, the ebbu™ Genesis Aqueous Drops have greater bio-availability, so users get immediate feedback on how to self-dose. The ebbu™ Genesis Aqueous Drops are micro-dosed (a popular trend in the industry), completely dissolvable liquids that come in disposable, portable, and discreet 5mg vials. Made from all-natural plant material, users still enjoy the taste profile of the cannabinoids and terpenes without significantly altering the flavor of the beverage. Additionally, the drops are clear, will not alter the drink's color, and are also perfect for cooking and baking. The ebbu™ Genesis Aqueous Drops will be available in select Colorado dispensaries in April 2017.


ebbu LLC Presents at The NYC Family Office & Wealth Management Meeting, Mar-28-2017 12:35 PM
Mar 25 17
ebbu LLC Presents at The NYC Family Office & Wealth Management Meeting, Mar-28-2017 12:35 PM. Venue: Pepper Hamilton LLp, New York, New York, United States. Speakers: Jonathan Michael Cooper, Founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Director.


ebbu LLC Develops First Line of Products through use of its Proprietary Pharmacological Technology and Cellular Science
Nov 2 16
ebbu LLC has developed the industry's first line of products that deliver predictable and reliable consistency through use of its proprietary pharmacological technology and cellular science. ebbu™ will unveil the future of cannabis technology with the launch of Genesis, an original formula in its ebbu™ BOLD line in November 2016. The new high potency, premium product formulation is the result of two years of scientific and technological development, and will set a new standard for delivering consistency in the multi-billion dollar cannabis market. By pairing pharmaceutical innovation with cellular psychopharmacology, ebbu's breakthrough formula has unlocked the code to a new generation of cannabis products. The ebbu™ BOLD Genesis product (and all of the brand's patented formulated products to follow) are made through ebbu's custom commissioned SuperSep 1000 technology designed by the company's science team and Novasep. This system is the only one of its kind, with the ability to simultaneously isolate and purify 18 different cannabinoids so they can be combined into entirely new formations. Other cannabis companies are unable to purify at this level and quantity, restricting their products to simplified mixtures of plant extracts and distillates. Using a cellular approach, ebbu™ scientists focused on approximately eight key cannabinoids and various terpenes to determine the active compounds at specific targets in the human body. After studying different combinations and ratios, ebbu™ scientists identified three cannabinoids and three terpenes that enhanced the effect of THC at human Cannabinoid Receptor 1 (CB1). These effects include: timing, duration, potency, and several properties associated with feeling.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 220 Laboratories, Inc. United States 29 Luxury Goods, Inc. United States 3000BC LLC United States 310 Nutrition, LLC United States 400 Beverly, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      September 30, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ebbu LLC, please visit ebbu.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close

































ebbu, llc






























































 It's Your Journey











Where Cannabis culturemeetscannabis science

































Living a meaningful, happy life is about creating and sharing experiences     ebbu™ was inspired by a simple idea: Making cannabis products predictable and consistent so they can be enjoyed and experienced by everyone. Consumers want experiences. Creating experiences is why ebbu™ was founded and elevating those experiences is what we do. From reliable products, to premium packaging, to social and digital engagement, ebbu™ inspires people to live life more fully and enjoy every experience. OUR MANTRAWe believe in a world where you stay up later or dream a bit longer.  Where you laugh out loud more often or crack a smile from much needed relief.  Where you say ‘yes’ more often than ‘no’ and never run out of stories when sharing time with your friends. We believe in the goodness of cannabis.  We believe it can make people’s lives better…and possibly even change the world. We believe that science can unlock the natural magic of cannabis. Our passion is to help you elevate your experiences through healthy products you can trust. Our reward is knowing that your journey is that much better.Climb that mountain, hold hands with the one you love, chill out on that couch you should have thrown away years ago. Whatever your path, whoever you are - enjoy every experience. ebbu™.  It’s Your Journey.  LIVE INSTAGRAM FEED:
















 













 

 LIKE US ON

FACEBOOK
FOLLOW US ON

INSTAGRAM




Subscribe to the ebbu™ Newsletter
Stay up to date with the most scientifically advanced, cutting edge cannabis products, news,  and events from ebbu™





First Name



Last Name




Email Address




Join


ebbu™ respects your privacy.
Thank you, friend!



























PRODUCT LINES — ebbu, llc






























































OUR PRODUCTS






EBBU™ PRODUCT Lines 







 ebbu™ BOLDOur line of purified formulated products designed to deliver superior quality, purity, unprecedented potency, and trusted repeatable experience. GENESIS™ the first formulated product in the ebbu™ BOLD line, was designed to maximize activation at the CB1 Receptor site and is 3-4x more powerful than pure THC. ebbu™ BOLD: Pure. Potent. Premium. Predictable. 







 GENESIS™ (ON SALE NOW)GENESIS™, our patent-pending, first ever formulated product, was designed to maximize activation at the CB1 Receptor site. The result is a potent, uplifting, functional, repeatable experience ideal for any social setting.Pure - Made with a custom-commissioned purification system, Genesis is over 99% pure. Potent. - A proprietary formulation of cannabinoids & terpenes that is long lasting and 3-4 times more powerful than pure THC.Premium - Quality In. Quality Out. From start to finish - product to packaging. Predictable - Because its an exact formula, you can trust you will get the same product. Every. Single. Time. 







GENESIS™ DAB (500mg)







GENESIS™ VAPE (500mg)





 






                     GENESIS™ Aqua Drops          (Available in 5mg & 10mg per Capsule)



 THE NEW Genesis™  Aqua Drops (available in select Colorado dispensaries)Aqua Drops from ebbu™ are a patent pending innovation in the edibles space.  Aqua Drops are pre-measured, micro-dosed, and 100% dissolvable in practically any liquid. They are ideal for turning almost any beverage (coffee, tea, water, mock-tails, non-alcoholic beers, soft drinks) into a "Canna-Bev", or for use everyday cooking/baking infused dishes at home.Discreet, Portable, DisposableFast acting, takes effect in 5 – 14 minutesSessionable, so you can have more than one, and remain in controlA low calorie alternative to traditional ediblesIdeal for adding to coffee, tea, soft drinks, water, creating cannabis mock-tails, or turning any beverage into a “canna-bev”Works great for cooking and baking, too - Make your own Aqua Drops Mocktails -Check out our RECIPESTHE NEW ebbu™ VAPE HARDWAREThe ebbu™ R&D team has spent the last year scouring far and wide for the best vape hardware in existence.The new ebbu™ vape cartridge provides maximized airflow for a fuller, more flavorful vape experience, improved liquid flow, ceramic coil, glass tank, metal tip, with buttonless vacuum-pull technology. The ebbu™ vape cartridge is a convenient and easy option -- perfect for when you're on the go.







FUTURE products







ebbu™ FEELINGSThrough our proprietary, science-based isolation process, ebbu™ is developing it's new game-changing flagship product line, Feelings, which will let you choose the experience you want to have. Each formulation will combine the specific natural compounds from the cannabis plant to create distinct, uniform sensations and results. So, how do you want to feel?







  







 ebbu™ WELLCarefully designed products comprised of purified cannabis extracts combined into specific ratios of THC and CBD created for the consumers seeking the holistic benefits of cannabis.For wholesale inquires, please send an email to hi@ebbu.com
























Company — ebbu, llc






























































Company






SMART CANNABIS IS SMART BUSINESS. LET'S PARTNER.Extraction ServicesThe proprietary process of ebbu™ delivers whole-plant extract oil that’s rich in cannabinoids and terpenes. We offer bulk oil extraction for cannabis producers. This service is provided in Colorado and is available on a contract basis with partners in other states. Please contact us for further information. Ebbu™ InsideBeyond our own branded products, we offer our wholesale cannabis oil to branded product manufacturers to be used as the active ingredient in their products. Partnership products may be branded or “white label.” Please contact us for further information. Ebbu™ in a BoxSuccessful business model, line of branded products, proprietary extraction process, and know-how are available for expansion to new states via licensing agreements with key partners. We work with existing, emerging, and future cannabis operations to provide a turnkey solution. Please contact us for further information.Become a PartnerIf you would like to partner with us, fill out the form below and one of our staff members will get back to you.





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Organization Name *



Comments (Optional)






Thank you!




































Ebbu – predictable cannabis products – New Cannabis Ventures








































































 






































 









 















Sorry, this page is no longer active!
Visit more featured cannabis companies.
















© NCV Media, LLC About Disclaimer Advertise Contact Newsletter Privacy




 
 















 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

ebbu, LLC Careers and Employment | Indeed.com








Find JobsCompany ReviewsFind SalariesFind ResumesEmployers / Post Job








Upload your resume


Sign in









Find Companiesebbu, LLCAboutReviewsSalariesPhotosJobs1Q&AAbout ebbu, LLCABOUT EBBU:ebbu is a leading Denver, Colorado-based highly disruptive startup which has received considerable attention in the cannabis industry, the tech angel community and beyond.  ebbu's unique proprietary distillation technology allows for the creation of branded, cannabis-derived distilled products with predictable, reliable psychoactive effects. – more... ebbu has been featured in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, CNBC, Fox Business News, Bloomberg News, HBO Vice, PBS Newshour, Fast Company and many more.  The best way to describe ebbu is to use a metaphor: to say that "ebbu is a distillery". Just as an alcohol distillery takes an inconsistent natural product - for example potatoes - and turns it into vodka, ebbu takes a natural product (cannabis) and transforms it into something which is predictable (meaning you know how it will make you feel before you try it) and reliable (meaning the sensation is the same every time). Just like you don't call a bottle of vodka potato juice we don't consider ebbu products "marijuana".  Cannabis is just the raw material from which ebbu makes its products.ebbu was founded in early 2014 by Dooma Wendschuh and Jonathan Cooper, both of whom have a track record in brand-building and technology startups.  Mr. Cooper is a serial entrepreneur who has launched several businesses in the telecom and healthcare industries. Mr. Wendschuh was co-founder and co-CEO of sekretagent Productions, Inc. a video game creative development company whose game sold more than $2.8 Billion worldwide and whose credits include the Assassins Creed franchise, Batman: Arkham Origins, and several games in the Prince of Persia franchise. – lessClaimed Profile





Jobs - Browse Companies - Salaries - 









Job Category Trends - Forums - 
Browse Jobs - Tools - API - About - Help Center


©2017 Indeed - Cookies, Privacy and Terms



















ebbu | Featured Profile | Marijuana Investor News











































































































 













 



Loading Advertisement... 






 







ebbu

		By: Ryan Barnes


			■ Edibles & Extracts ■ Featured     December 30, 2014     		





Sharing

Twitter0
Facebook0
Google +0
Linkedin0
Email this article
Print this article



Tags

API, Brand, Chromatography, Consumer, Dixie Elixirs, Dooma Wendschuh, Ebbu, Gold Darr Hood, Jon Cooper, Jon Strickler, Management, Products 





 


ebbu
Boulder, Colorado, United States: Consistent Consumer Experience Products
 
URL: http://www.ebbu.com
Founded: 2013
Company Stage: Startup
 
MANAGEMENT TEAM
Jon Cooper, President/CEO
Jon Strickler, COO
Gold Darr Hood, CAO
 
COMPANY OVERVIEW
Ebbu specializes in creating healthier, safer cannabis-based medicinal and recreational products.
“Just as an alcohol distillery takes an inconsistent natural product – for example potatoes and turns it into vodka – we take a raw product – in our case cannabis – and turn it into something new.” – Dooma Wendschuh, Founder
 
COMPANY PROFILE
Revenue Driver: Sales of marijuana-infused products through various delivery mechanisms and sales of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs) to other marijuana-infused creators.
Competitors: Alcohol and caffeine products.
Competitive Advantage: World-class science team and unique cannabis distillation methods.
Business Model: Create various marijuana-infused products and sell them via wholesale to dispensaries and API sales to other vendors and manufacturers.
Sales/Marketing Strategy: We seek to partner with leaders like Dixie Elixirs, while also coming out with our own branded products.
“We sell product companies our API – our Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient – our distilled cannabis to use when manufacturing their products. By doing this, we allow them to brand their products on not just flavor and form factor, but to brand their products based on what consumers really care about – how it will make them feel. All we ask in return is that they put a little sticker on the package which says ‘ebbu inside,’ not too dissimilar from when you buy a laptop and it says ‘Intel inside.'” – Dooma Wendschuh, Founder
Customers: Individual consumers, both medical and recreational, as well as makers of edibles, consumables and portable vaporizers.
Target Market: Mass Market. Value proposition is based on delivering the following attributes to consumers:

Predictability – anticipate the response before you try it the first time.
Reliability – the same psychoactive response, taste, smell, and dosage each time.
Simplicity – simplify decisions for consumers.
A Healthier Choice – toxins and carcinogens removed through the distillation process.
Clarity – each product specifically states the amount of each cannabinoid present.

“We need a brand we can trust. Ebbu is going to be that brand. Ebbu is going to change the world. How do I know? Because we have the right team, the right technology and because I won’t stop – none of us at ebbu will stop until the world is a safer, healthier place.” – Dooma Wendschuh, Founder
Management:
 Jon Cooper, President/CEO

Over 18 years of business strategy, product management, and marketing experience in both start-ups and fortune 500 companies including level 3 communications, Accenture.
Co-founder/vp sales, marketing, and products at Aventura, a context-aware computing company, led the product team and the the award-winning marketing team.
Co-founder/vp marketing and products at SkyWay systems, a b2c automotive communications and telematics solution.

Jon Strickler, COO

Over 20 years process & strategy consulting experience for clients including: Schering Plough, Capital One, Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation, Aflac, Axa Equitable, General Electric, Unilever, BNSF, Motorola, Ingersoll Rand, ClickBank, Healthgrades.
Six years consulting at Accenture; two years as process architect at Staples. c-level in three startups including implementation lead for a tech company which sold at 20x earnings in less than three years
B.S., United States Military Academy, West Point; M.B.A. in engineering management, University of Missouri, school of science and technology.

Gold Darr Hood, CAO

Co-hosted the first marijuana investment conference held in Texas, an event which drew significant press and investment.
Hood comes from an eclectic background in engineering, finance and event planning by way of a local Houston entrepreneur who succumbed to cancer, but whose lifestyle mirrored Hood’s passion for tackling big challenges.
Hood’s work is fueled by the energy of an early start and a solid education, with two engineering degrees and an MBA, the first of which was earned just after her 18th birthday. Hood possesses the dual perspectives of working with large firms, such as consulting and finance giant Deloitte, and startups from biotechnology to fashion.
Hood creates opportunities to contribute original ideas, like robotic and human resource optimization systems for disaster management, forging collaborations with government agencies and research institutions alike.

Chris Denicola, Director of R&D Chemistry

Former market research manager at Restek Chromatography Solutions, involved in new product and application development.
Fifteen years chromatography experience working as an Liquid Chromatography (LC) and Liquid Chromatography—Mass Spectrometry (LCMS) chemist for companies like Merck, Glaxo Smith Kline, Wyeth, and Johnson & Johnson.
Former drug discovery director of analytical group at Vanderbilt University Medical Center, focusing on central nervous system diseases.
Expertise with LC/UV, LCMS, prep-LC, chiral compounds and supercritical fluid chromatography (sfc).

Kurt Levy, Senior Scientist

Regarded as one of the top consulting research chemists in the Colorado cannabis industry.
Developed pilot scale cannabinoid extraction processes using hydrocarbon and SFC-CO2.
Invented prep-scale purification methods to achieve high-purity cannabis extracts.
Eleven years chromatography R&D and prep-scale production experience at Ribozyme Pharmaceuticals, American Veterinary products and the University of Northern Colorado.

Dr. B. Reid, Ph.D., Director of Cellular Psychopharmacology

Former director of the High Throughput (HTS) and High Content Screening (HCS) core at the University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus.
Joined the faculty at UC-Denver to oversee the creation of the HTS/HCS core.
Supported early drug discovery programs at UC-Denver, National Jewish Health hospital, and Colorado State University.
Held senior research positions at Incyte corporation, Myogen and Gilead Sciences.
Ph.d. in biochemistry from the University of Oregon. Postdoctoral studies in mechanistic biochemistry and biophysics in Arthur Horwich’s lab at Yale School of Medicine.

Dr. M. Enmark, Ph.D., R&D Chromatographer

Recurring speaker at the International Symposium on High Performance Liquid Phase Separations, the International Symposium on Preparative and Process Chromatography and the International Conference on Packed Column SFC.
Best poster at the 24th International Symposium on Preparative and Process Chromatography, 2011.
Csaba Horváth Young Scientist Award at the 36th International Symposium on High Performance Liquid Phase Separations, 2011.
Ten peer-reviewed scientific articles, 42 citations. Impact factor: 5 (Google Scholar Nov. 2014).
Graduate engineering studies in molecular biotechnology at Uppsala University in Sweden. Ph.d. studies in non-linear preparative chromatography and supercritical fluid chromatography, with focus on SFC operation, adsorption, control parameter and scale up.










Loading Advertisement...Top StoriesGOP Leadership Blocks Amendment Allowing Veterans Medical Marijuana AccessMassachusetts Medical Society Embracing Medical Cannabis EducationMaine Medical Marijuana Dispensary Offers Free Marijuana for Community ServiceRegulators Granted Budget Increase for Ohio Medical Marijuana Control ProgramYou Can Now Weigh in on Virginia Marijuana DecriminalizationConnected 









 Subscribe










Loading Advertisement...Editor’s Picks 




 



Things to Know About the California Counties Cannabis Summit
With the upcoming implementation of Proposition 64 on Jan. 1, 2018, the California State Association of Counties, the Rural County Representatives of California and the Urban Counties of California joined forces to co-sponsor the California Counties Cannabis Summit on July 19, 2017, in Sacramento, to get on the same page.









 



Gallup Poll: 45 Percent of Americans Have Tried Marijuana
The number of Americans that have tried marijuana has hit an all time high. According to a recent Gallup poll, approximately 45% of Americans have tried marijuana, marking a record high since the polling organization began asking the question in 1969.









 



First Look at Southern University Medical Cannabis Applicants
The Southern University medical cannabis program is one step closer to becoming an operational reality. On July 19, 2017, Southern University announced that it had received seven medical cannabis cultivator applications. 




Read More  






Top






















