

KinderCottage | Early Childhood Education Products










Phone/Fax: 800-277-3471 - 24 hrs a day 7 days a week
The price stated is all you will pay.....no extra fees for shipping and handling or tax. Simple Pricing.




Shopping Cart

View •
                                Email •
                                Checkout













Shop Now





quick order form





about us





contact us





my account





login





Shop By Category

Active PlayAdvent CalendarArts & CraftsAudio VisualBlocks & ConstructionBulletin BoardsCarpetCarpetsChildren's BooksClassroom & OfficeClassroom EssentialsClassroom LiteratureClassroom TechnologyCognitive & Fine Motor SkillsDramatic PlayEarly Childhood CurriculumEarly LearningEarly Learning SkillsFurnitureGamesGift CertificatesInfant & ToddlerLiteracy & LanguageMathMiddle & Upper GradesMultilingual ResourcesMusicOutdoor PlayPeter RabbitPianosPuzzlesReadingRest TimeRewards & IncentivesSand & WaterScienceSocial AwarenessSocial StudiesSpecial NeedsSTEM ResourcesTeacher ResourcesTeacher ToolsWriting 
Information

About Us
Professional Shopping Service
Contact Us
Site Map
Find Wish List











KinderCottage is dedicated to equipping Preschools, Churches, Childcare Facilities and Parents with the best resources for Early Childhood Education.   Early Childhood Education sets the course for life.  We want to partner with you to help point children in the right direction.  The investment that we make in Early Childhood Education provides the greatest return for our community.









Our Featured Products



















Electronic Concepts & Engineering, Inc. - ECE - Electronic Design Engineers















Site Map
Contact Info
E-mail Us 

Home
Company

Overview
Military/Aero Brochure
Auto/Industrial Brochure
ISO 9001/AS9100 Certificate
Employment
Map/Directions 
Capabilities

Electronic Design
Software Design
Control System Modeling
PCB Design
Mechanical Design
Environmental
Prototyping/Mfg.
Additional Services 
Experience

Military/Aerospace
Automotive/Truck
Industrial/Commercial 
News & Events

Press Releases
Trade shows 
ECE Expertise

FADEC Development
Vehicle ECU Design
Model-Based Design
Embedded System Design
DO-254 Design & Review
Turbine Engine Controls
Transmission Controllers
Hybrid Vehicle Controllers
RoHS & Obsolescence
HIL Simulators
BLDC Motor Control
Thermal Scanning
Optical Inspection 



Electronic Concepts & Engineering, Inc. (ECE)
 
ECE designs and manufactures high-reliability electronics and software solutions. We specialize in Military and Aerospace Electronics, Automotive Electronics Design, and Industrial Electronics Systems. 
Electronic Concepts and Engineering, Inc. has been successfully developing and producing cost-effective embedded electronic solutions for use in a variety of rugged environments since 1991. 
Our in-house expertise allows you to realize the benefits of cost-effective, reliable electronic products and systems that your customers expect. Our Engineering staff consists of multi-disciplined, industry-experienced, licensed Professional and advanced degreed personnel. These experienced resources let you augment your in-house capabilities with precise skills in circuit design, system analysis, software development, printed circuit design, product qualification testing, manufacturing, system integration and more!
Electronic Concepts and Engineering, Inc. is a proven full-service electronic OEM product development and manufacturing supplier that has successfully developed solutions for numerous Fortune 500 companies as well as many smaller companies.
Our capabilities include:

Electronic Design
Software Design
Control System Design
PCB Design
Mechanical Design
Environmental
Prototyping/Mfg.
Additional Services

Let our team of experienced engineers help make your project a success. Contact ECE at (419) 861-9000 x114 or ece_sales@eceinc.com.
ECE is a Veteran Owned, ISO 9001 with AS9100 registered, Small Business.
ECE has developed products for companies across the US and around the world. However, many of our customers are located within a short drive from our Toledo, Ohio office in Ohio, Michigan, or Indiana.


 



 
ECE's Electronic Design Engineers can:

Perform a Complete Electronic System Design
Perform Control System Modeling 
Develop or Update Your Embedded Software
Update Your Electronic Hardware Design
Assist with Product Qualification Testing
Assist in Developing System  Specifications


ECE's Technologies Include:

Ethernet
USB
802.11 Wi-Fi
CAN J1939
LCD Touchscreens
Zigbee
Bluetooth
Actuators and Motors
Thermocouples and RTDs
Pressure Sensors
Accelerometers
GPS
Cellular














© 2017 Electronic Concepts & Engineering, Inc. Toledo, Ohio. All Rights Reserved.





Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Electrical Engineering Services - Austin, Texas





























Toll Free: 866-234-6465 Email Us




Home
Project Gallery
About Us
NEWS
Careers
Request Info
Contact Us










Services
Systems Engineering
Product Development
Analysis & Modeling
Avionics Design
Testing & Verification
Mechanical Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Software Engineering


Products &amp Past Projects


      
    Mechanical Design & Engineering of a Keyboard
Design & Engineering of Stabilized Micro Gimbals
Development & Engineering of a SwingTIP Sensor Device
Cinema Gimbal
Engineering & Product Design of a Weapon Shock Simulator (WSS)












Tweet






Electrical Engineering Services
(click on thumbnail to enlarge)
Electrical Engineering

Our electrical engineering team at Ascendant Engineering Solutions specializes in developing custom electronics for a variety of applications across defense, medical, oil & gas, consumer electronics, and other industries. We specialize in high performance designs with critical requirements for cost, size and/or power. Our expertise includes embedded processors and FPGAs, electro-optic video capture and processing, electro-mechanical drives and controls, high speed data interfaces, handheld/battery powered systems, custom power supplies, and high bandwidth / low noise sensing.
Our design team takes a multi-disciplined approach to each new challenge, working with the mechanical and software teams to optimize each system for our customer's requirements. We support all phases of electronics and interconnect design, from initial concepts through hardware design and system integration, to verification and regulatory testing and qualification. AES can deliver quick-turn prototypes or full production technical data packages. We can also support our customer's existing designs through analysis of power/thermal management, signal integrity, parts obsolescence, reliability and conformance to environmental and EMI/EMC standards.
Our AES team also supports our hardware designs with dedicated logic design engineers experienced in the development of custom RTL, both algorithm and physical design, for high performance systems. We support programmable logic parts from a variety of manufacturers, designing in both Verilog and VHDL.
To learn more about Ascendant's electrical engineering services, including the hardware platforms, design tools, and technologies we work with, please see the table below or contact us directly.

Past Projects

Development & Engineering of a SwingTIP Sensor Device
Engineering & Product Design of a Weapon Shock Simulator (WSS)
Design & Engineering of Stabilized Micro Gimbals 

Electrical Engineering Capabilities



General Capabilities




Consulting
                        Design
                        Prototyping
                        Research & Development
Architecture Definition
                        Requirements Development and Allocation






System Design




Motherboards
                        Carrier Cards
Interconnect






High Performance Interfaces




20Gb Ethernet
                        PCIe
                        XAUI
                        Onboard
                        Off-Board
Video
                        USB
                        Network
                        Peripherals






Imaging Systems




Video Capture
                        Processing
                        Display
                        FLIR
CMOS
                        CCD
                        Thermal Imagers






Microcontroller / Microprocessors / DSP Families




MSP430
                        DaVinci
                        OMAP
                        Freescale
DM355/65/66
                        Mixed Signal Design
                        FPGA Logic Design






Programmable Logic




FPGA
                        CPLD
VHDL
                        Verilog






Reference Designs
Critical Timeline Development
            Applications Knowledge


Product Engineering 
Plate Systems to Low-Power Production Hand-Helds
            Embedded Processors and Memory Design
            Microcontroller Design, Including Motion Control
            High-Speed Interface Design and Simulation
            System Interconnect
            Folding Midi Controller
            Handheld Body Position Devices for Exercise 


Safety 




Network Equipment Build Systems (NEBS)
                        Direct Lightning Strikes
Earthquakes
                        Fire






Additional Services
Miniaturization of Products
            Product Qualification / Verification Tests 



Additional Information



Industry Focus 




Consumer Electronics
                        Military
                        Defense
Medical
                        Oil & Gas
                        Commercial






Industry Standards




Mil-Spec
                        CE
                        UL
FDA
                        FAA
                        FCC






System Design File Formats




Fluent / Ansys
                        Matlab
Simulink
                        Maxon - Cinema 4D






Mechanical Design File Formats
Pro-Engineer (Pro-E)
            SolidWorks


Electrical Design File Formats




Orcad
                        Hyperlinx
Timing Designer






Software Design File Formats
Borland Star Team
            Lab View



Back to top



Print This PageEmail This Page







Ascendant Engineering Solutions
                                                     12303 Technology Blvd. Suite 925
                                                     Austin, TX 78727
                  

Toll Free: 866-234-6465
Phone: 512-371-5704
Fax: 512-744-1807

Email: companycontact@aesaustin.com
Website: www.aesaustin.com 
 
Privacy Policy Site Map 



© 2016 Ascendant Engineering Solutions, All Rights Reserved


 




Emerald city engineering - ECE Home
















































				Home
			



				About
			





			The ECE Story
		





			Our Philosophy
		





			Seattle Pride
		





			Testimonials
		







				Products
			





			Guitar Stands
		





			Studio Solutions
		





			Amplification
		







				Store
			



				Contact
			



				Events
			





















emerald city engineering
 




 



Have a mess of gear in your music room?  You've come to the right place...







About


 


Shop Now


 


Products


 


Contact


 








 



Click here to stay informed on new product launches, limited offers and events we are attending.



​Your music...our Passion
 Just got my rack. It looks great and took less than five minutes to assemble. I have six guitars in it and they fit perfectly. I love the fact that its not some cheap piece of wood stamped out in a factory. It definitely cleaned up the mess of guitars in the corner of my living room. Joe from NY
Hey Dave and Bob...the stand arrived today, is put together, and works great! When I got married, my guitars and gear left the front living room...of course. Though my wife is a big supporter of my guitar playing, the guitars and amps are not her favorite decor. However, when she saw how beautiful and functional my new ECE bamboo guitar stand was - she enthusiastically welcomed it (and the guitars) back into the living room. Great work guys!​Mark from WA












 

 



Site powered by Weebly. Managed by iPage






        				Home
        			



        				About
        			





			The ECE Story
		





			Our Philosophy
		





			Seattle Pride
		





			Testimonials
		







        				Products
        			





			Guitar Stands
		





			Studio Solutions
		





			Amplification
		







        				Store
        			



        				Contact
        			



        				Events
        			























✕














Educational Credential Evaluators | ECE®









































Contact Us



Privacy Policy



Terms of Use



Careers



ECE®Aid




Login/Create Account 



                        Login
                    








Sign in  Create Account


forgot password?
forgot username?







Apply Now

 



Toggle navigation









Evaluation ReportsGeneralGeneral with Grade AverageCourse by CourseSubject AnalysisHealth Professions LicensureTerms and ConditionsServices and FeesHigh School and University Level Course by CourseResources for Evaluatorse-LearningPoliciesRegistrationTopicsFAQPublicationsContact UsThe ConnectionWhy ECE?
































Contact Us


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Careers


ECE®Aid


Apply Now

Login/Create Account








Trusted. Thorough. Responsive.


 











FOR
FOR
Individuals
I am an individual seeking to have my education recognized in the U.S. for the purposes of further education, employment, professional licensure or immigration.








FOR
FOR
Institutions
I am an international enrollment manager, employer, member of a licensing board, or university credential evaluator working with individuals wishing to come to the U.S. 









Welcome to ECE
Have you earned a degree from outside the United States and plan to attend a U.S. institution? Are you a professional intending to apply to a licensing board? Does your employer need confirmation of your degree?



5 Easy Steps to Apply

Determine what type of evaluation report to order. Contact the school or licensing board to which you are applying to find out which type of report it requires.
Determine what documents you'll need to submit. Choose your country of education from this list:
					

 
							



Create an account. This is where you'll order a report and communicate directly with us.
Order a report and submit payment.
Send us your documents.


Need assistance? Our friendly customer service staff is available by phone and email M-F from 9am CST to 4pm CST. We do not provide walk-in service.



5 Easy Steps Video 

 





How Does This Work?

Services & Fees
Evaluation Reports


Applying to the	NABP/FPGEC?Click here.
Applying to ADEA CAAPID®?Click here.
View FAQs





Already Have an Online Account?

Continue or Update an Application
Get Status of Current Evaluation
Questions About a Completed Evaluation

Access Your Account


Order a Copy of a Completed Report.
Log into or create your account and click the Order Copy button.
Login/Create Account

 




For over 36 years ECE has been ensuring that foreign educated people are respected and recognized for their educational achievements. We welcome you and remain committed to serving refugees, immigrants and US citizens who have been educated in other countries.-The Staff at ECEFast. Flexible. Easy. Accurate.Our highly trained evaluators understand the demands of admissions professionals. ECE’s foreign academic credential reports are guaranteed accurate and we have several options to meet tight deadlines. Best of all, we’re here for you every step of the way—even after the evaluation process, so you can rest assured your foreign admission process will go smoothly.We are a charter member of the National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES), an organization established to develop and maintain professional standards for private credential evaluation services.Evaluation ReportsWe can help you understand international education through trusted foreign academic credential evaluation reports.Evaluation Reports for IndividualsDispatchYour direct connection to ECE® reports and Evaluation StaffOnline orderingEasy-to-view status updatesAbility to manage users and notificationsTraining and ResourcesOur highly trained evaluators understand the demands of admission professionals everywhere and are here to help you.The Connection online communityPublicationsE-Learning programsCustomized training programs 









For over 36 years ECE has been ensuring that foreign educated people are respected and recognized for their educational achievements. 
						We welcome you and remain committed to serving refugees, immigrants and US citizens who have been educated in other countries.

-The Staff at ECE



ECE response to the Executive Order of January 27 on immigration.  In light of the new Executive Order, we remain steadfastly committed to our mission of serving foreign-educated individuals and society. 
						











About ECE


 







							Educational Credential Evaluators, Inc. (ECE) reviews educational achievements by individuals from other countries and converts them to the U.S. system for purposes of studying or working in the U.S. 
							
							Our mission is to promote the betterment of individuals' lives and society by ensuring that educational qualifications are fairly and accurately recognized across borders.
						


 






Why Choose ECE?





Easy Forms
Join the 3,000 institutions that trust ECE for accurate, quick, and low-cost foreign credential evaluations based on expert research.



Turnaround Time
We understand that you want your evaluation quickly, and we are committed to making the process as quick and easy as possible for you. Our turnaround time for non-rush reports is usually 10 business days from the receipt of complete documentation.



Track Progress
You have access to your information at any time. Through your secure account you can check evaluation report status online 24 hours a day, and we'll send regular updates on your order.



Great Support
We are dedicated to your needs, pairing smart and helpful evaluators with an easy-to-use website. Our full-time customer service staff answers questions and counsels you throughout the evaluation process.



Trusted Evaluations
You can have confidence in our evaluations. More than 3000 U.S. institutions of higher education and more than 600,000 international students and individuals have trusted us for their credential evaluation for over 35 years.



 




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿


CADWorx & Analysis Solutions, BricsCAD, Leica Cloudworx & Cyclone
























































CADWorx and CAESAR II: The #1 Plant Design and Piping Stress SolutionsSecurity



CADWorx® & Analysis Solutions










ECE Design, the #1 CADWorx & Analysis Solutions Provider in the USA,  focuses on the CADWorx®, CAESAR II, PV ELITE, GT STRUDL,  and the rest of the Intergraph CADWorx & Analysis product portfolio to address your company’s needs.
Further, ECE Design is a Leica 3D High Definition Scanning Hardware and Software Solution Provider including Cyclone, CloudWorx for AutoCAD®, JetStream and TruView Global.
Finally, BricsCAD, a cost effective CAD platform offering features familiar from other .dwg programs in addition to timesaving tools and 3D direct modeling, rounds out our portfolio.






BricsCAD

Real CAD Choice for Standard CAD Tasks


BricsCAD
Flexible 2D & 3D CAD software with Native .dwg Support!








CADWorx Solutions

Plant & Piping Design | P&ID | Structure | 3D Review


CADWorx Solutions
Plant & Piping Design | P&ID | Structure | 3D Review








CAE Solutions

CAESAR II | GT STRUDL | PV ELITE Stress | Structural | Vessel


CAE Solutions
CAESAR II | GT STRUDL | PV ELITE Stress | Structural | Vessel








3D Scanning

HDS | Dot Products | Cyclone | CloudWorx | JetStream | TruView


3D Scanning
HDS | Dot Products | Cyclone | CloudWorx | JetStream | TruView








Worx Plugins

CADWorx Productivity Solutions | 2D Annotation | Bubbling | BOMs


Worx Plugins
CADWorx Productivity Solutions |  2D Annotation | Bubbling | BOMs








Support Resources

Complete Online Support Desk | Training Videos | Knowledgebase


Support Resources
Complete Online Support Desk | Training Videos | Knowledgebase








Training Resources

Online, Onsite | Training Centers | Schedules


Training Resources
Online, Onsite | Training Centers | Schedules








Services

Assessment | Implementation | Mentoring and Design


Services
Assessment | Implementation | Mentoring and Design








Blog Posts

CADWorx | CAESAR II | News and More...


Blog Posts
CADWorx | CAESAR II | News and More...








Events Calendar

Workshops | Webinars | Training and More...


Events Calendar
Workshops | Webinars | Training and More...








Downloads

Catalogs | Worx Plugins | Object Enablers and More...


Downloads
Catalogs | Worx Plugins | Object Enablers and More...








Training Videos

CADWorx | ISOGEN | CAESAR II and More...


Training Videos
CADWorx | ISOGEN | CAESAR II and More...








Webinar Videos

CADWorx | ISOGEN | CAESAR II and More...


Webinar Videos
CADWorx | ISOGEN | CAESAR II and More...








ECE Support Desk

FAQ’s | TECH NOTES | FORUMS | TICKETS…


ECE Support Desk
FAQ’s | TECH NOTES | FORUMS | TICKETS…








Request Software Evaluation





Request Software Evaluation
 






ECEDesign.com brings you Product Information as well as the knowledge and capabilities of the CADWorx & Analysis, Leica Solutions, Dot Products and BricsCAD from the ECE Design Team. Please view our technical blog articles, view our Webinar and Training Videos, view our knowledge-base and forums, join us at one of our upcoming Events or view your open support cases on our ECE Support Desk.




CADWorx & Analysis, CloudWorx, Cyclone, BricsCAD: Upcoming Webinars


Date
Topic
Time (CST)
 Links



July 26
GT STRUDL: Using Wind & Seismic Loads to Improve the Structural Design Flow
10-11:00am
 Info | Register

Jul 27
CAESAR II: Where Does it End
10:00-11:00am
 Info | Register

Aug 9
CADWorx Equipment to PV Elite
11:45am-12:15pm
Info | Register

Aug 23
Automate Drawing Production with the Worx Plugins Part 1 of 2
11:45am-12:15pm
Info | Register

Sep 6
Automate Drawing Production with the Worx Plugins Part 2 of 2
11:45am-12:15pm
Info | Register

Sep 13
P30 Scanner Webinar Part 1 of 3
11:45am-12:15pm
 Info | Register

Sep 20
Cyclone Registration Part 2 of 3
11:45am-12:15pm
 Info | Register 

Oct 4
Point cloud in AutoCAD Part 3 of 3
11:45am-12:15pm
 Info | Register

Oct 18
CADWorx BricsCAD up and running from CADWorx AutoCAD
11:45am-12:15pm
 Info | Register  

Nov 1
I-Configure Repeatability-Revision Clouds-Custom Data Mapping
11:45am-12:15pm
 Info | Register

Nov 15
CAESAR II –  What to do to get started in the first 15 minutes
11:45am-12:15pm
 Info | Register 

Dec 6
What's new in CADWorx Structure 2018
11:45am-12:15pm
 Info | Register 


CADWorx & Analysis, CloudWorx, Cyclone, BricsCAD: Webinar Videos


Topic
Links



ISOWorx
Posted

Leica Publisher/TruView/Global
Posted

Modeling Steel with Cyclone-CloudWorx & CADWorx Structure
Posted

MTOWorx: Data Integrity Reports
Posted

GT STRUDL 2017 CAD & CAE Structural Analysis
Posted


CADWorx & Analysis, CloudWorx, Cyclone, BricsCAD: Training Videos


Topic
Links



CADWorx & Analysis Training Videos Listings
 Click here

Isogen Training Videos
 Posted

CAESAR II Training Videos
 Posted

CADWorx P&ID Training Videos
 Posted

CADWorx 2016 Training Videos
 Posted

Leica Training Videos
 Posted

PV Elite Training Videos
 Posted


CADWorx & Analysis, BricsCAD, Leica: NEWS


SPECWorx 5.5 Released!
CADWorx Structure Announced!
ECE Design Reselling & Supporting BricCAD Across the USA for non-CADWorx CAD
CADWorx 2016 SP1 Released! More Info
CAESAR II 2016 Released and Shipping More Info | Product Info
VIEWWorx Released: Easily Create Named Views and Automate Drawing Production More Info
CADWorx Plant Professional 2015 SP1 Released! More Info. Download on Intergraph Smart Support | Request Login here.
CADWorx Plant Professional 2015 Hot Fix 1 Released! Download on Intergraph Smart Support |Request Login here.
PV Elite 2015 Released! Enhancements
CADWorx Productivity Tool: BubbleWorx Released! More Info | Evaluation (Login Required)


GO TOP OF PAGE
From CADWorx Plant Professional to CADWorx P&ID Professional to CAESAR II Pipe Stress Analysis Software, ECE was built to Support, Train and Implement the CADWorx & Analysis Suite of Software. From CADWorx productivity training, to implementation services, to creating new software tools, to providing Intergraph CADWorx outsourcing services for our software customers, ECE is solely committed to helping our clients across North America achieve success with the CADWorx Analysis Suite of software.
CADWorx is the #1 AutoCAD-Based Plant and Piping Design Solution, CAESAR II is the the #1 Pipe Stress Analysis Engineering Tool, GT STRUDL is the Gold Standard in Structural Design and Leica is the Gold Standard in Surveying and Scanning.  Finally, BricsCAD is the only available “true alternative” to AutoCAD®.

Browse the CADWorx & Analysis Product pages. Visit our in-depth Video Training Library or view our Upcoming Events. Join us over at our Support Desk and Submit a Support Ticket, Browse our extensive CADWorx & Analysis Knowledge-base or join in the conversation at our CADWorx & Analysis Forums.  Visit our Company Page on LinkedIN.  Visit us on Facebook.  Watch a few Videos on our YouTube Channel. Any way you want it, ECE is here to help so please reach out and join us in exploring the CADWorx & Analysis Suite of Software.  When People Talk, Great Things Happen!
GO TOP OF PAGE
 
SHARELogin with Email Address


Email:



Password:


 

 Remember Me
					Register
Search

ECE Design Online Store
 

 Online Store

View Cart ( 
 ) 


CADWorx is NOW on BricsCAD & AutoCAD!
ECE Design Tweets
by Joey




            3 days ago        



CADWorx & Analysis
@CADWorxAnalysis


HxGN LOCAL Comes To You! t.co/EJ98WgxhkT

 Retweeted by ECE Design        


Reply


Retweet 1


Like 1





            4 days ago        



ECE Design
@ECE_Design


t.co/G3TJshxxvn


Reply


Retweet 0


Like 0





            1 week ago        



LyondellBasell
@LyondellBasell


.@LyondellBasell’s new world-scale plant is part of the company’s $5 billion U.S. growth program. @HoustonChron |… t.co/oi7lIgD18i

 Retweeted by ECE Design        


Reply


Retweet 7


Like 21





            July 20, 2017        



ECE Design
@ECE_Design


Not all 3D Piping Bill of Materials are Equal.  See what we mean: t.co/DobW0wqit3 #CAD #MTOWorx


Reply


Retweet 0


Like 0





            July 17, 2017        



ECE Design
@ECE_Design


@WuDiscipleSal @ucramirez94 We can get you a free 30 day evaluation if you want to test it out. Give us a call and… t.co/wPrFxrxiSN


Reply


Retweet 0


Like 1





LATEST RELEASES
BricsCAD V17.2
CADWorx Plant Professional 2017 R1
CADWorx P&ID Professional 2017 R1
CADWorx Structure 2017 R1
CADWorx Steel Professional 2015
CADWorx fieldPIPE Professional 2015
Orthogen 10.00.85.00
GT Strudl 2017 (v36.00.00.5951)
CAESAR II 2017 SP1 09.00.00.5902
PV Elite 2017 SP1
TANK 2016 SP1 8.00.01

Worx Plugins Suite - 5.0.23.0:
Release Notes and Upcoming Changes

ANNOWorx: 5.0.208.1330
BUBBLEWorx: 5.0.208.1330
ISOWorx: 5.0.208.1330
LINKWorx: 5.0.208.1330
SHEETWorx: 5.0.208.1330
MTOWorx: 5.0.208.1330
STRESSWorx: 5.0.208.1330
VIEWWorx: 5.0.208.1330

SPECWorx: 5.5.5
DBWorx: 2.0.2
ELECTROWorx: 2016


Leica Cyclone: 6.1.4

Leica CloudWorx for AutoCAD: 6.3

Leica JetStream: 1.3.0

Dot Product Phi 3d: 2.1

ECE Piping Catalog: 15.1.1.0
ECE Copper Catalog: 15.1.0.0
ECE Non-Metallic Catalog: 15.1.0.0
ECE Compression Catalog: 15.1.0.0
ECE Hygienic Catalog: 15.1.0.0
ECE Ductile Iron Catalog: 15.1.0.0





X




                        CADWorx NOW RUNS ON AutoCAD & BricsCAD!  It's time for Plan "B-CAD": Stop Wasting Money on AutoCAD® Desktop Subscriptions!

                    

Announcement































 International Insulation Products - Reflective Foil Insulation 







































































Premium Foil Insulation, Radiant Barrier, Reflective Insulation & Attic Insulation for commercial and residential applications. Manufactured with the highest R-Value insulating materials resulting in energy savings and lower utility costs. Retrofit capable, our thermal insulation can be installed adjacecent to blown in insulation and other wall insulation.
SummaryArticle NameInternational Insulation Products - Residential & Commercial Foil Insulation & Radiant Barrier ManufacturerAuthorInternational Insulation ProductsDescriptionReflective Foil Insulation and Radiant Heat Barrier Manufacturer energy saving and low insulation cost for residential and commercial installation

































Home



Home
Products

eShield
Sol-R-Eclipse
Sol-R-Skin
Sol-R-Wall


About Us
News
Contact








  








				        			ReflectiveInsulationTechnology								
View Products











				        			Go Green. Remodel with Reflective Insulation.								
Read More











				        			Stay Cool.Radiant BarriersKeep out Heat								
Find Out More









  






At the Forefront of Reflective Insulation Manufacturing.Improving efficiency, production cost and application.





  








Energy Efficiency
Our reflective insulation and radiant barriers result in significant reduction of energy cost and consumption. By blocking radiant heat, at the industry’s highest rate, our products provide a comfortable environment while providing energy savings.











Customer Service
We are here to answer all your questions. Whether they are about product ordering, specifications, delivery or availability, we are determined to provide thorough answers. Furthermore, we are here to guarantee that all customers are satisfied with our products.











Research
Our products are built upon years of solid research which we continue in order to lead the industry. From foil and fiberglass insulation research to product application testing, we are determined not only to provide today’s superior product but also tomorrow’s.











Residential
International Insulation Products offers a wide range of products, and product lines, that address residential applications. From attics to roofs, interior walls to outer walls, we provide insulation solutions that keep homes comfortable while reducing energy costs.











Commercial
As the industry leader in commercial reflective insulation we provide superior products for industrial, metal building, retrofit, and post/frame application. Our manufacturing and market coverage provide solutions at unparalleled quality and affordability.











Development
Part of our ongoing commitment to providing superior reflective insulation and radiant barriers is insuring that the products we develop meet not only the industry’s standard but pass our own rigorous testing and quality control at every level of development.


  


Savings through the Seasons
Insulation acts as a thermal barrier against heat loss and heat gain. In most buildings insulation is the most practical and effective method to keep structures cool in the summer months and warm during the winter months. Insulation helps to reduce energy use and save money on energy bills. Reflective Insulation fortifies normal insulation by reflecting radiant heat. Properly installed radiant barriers can result in substantial year round savings. Contact Us








  







  








Construction Grade Durability
Our products are engineered to withstand the stresses commonly encountered during installation and shipping. Many of our products are reinforced with threading that resists tearing and punctures. As a result, installation is not only easier but the risk of losing product from damage is less likely. Furthermore, our reflective insulation continues to stay strong day in and day out providing durability throughout the entirety of the products use. At International Insulation Products we understand the need for superior product performance. Likewise, we understand the need for a product that can withstand the common hazards of a construction environment while also being easy to ship and handle. Contact Us


  



  












Solar Heat Blocking
International Insulation Product’s reflective insulation and radiant barriers incorporate polished aluminum facing that blocks radiant heat from the sun.






  












Heat Retention
Our reflective insulation utilizes a heat absorbing core that retains heated air during colder weather resulting in lower power bills.






  












Reduce Peak Hours
By using reflective insulation, temperatures are slower to increase from radiant heat throughout the day thereby reducing peak hour energy rates.






  












Comfort Zone
Make your home a comfort zone with International Insulation Products. Save money on energy bills while keeping the thermostat at a comfortable level.   






















 Questions? Comments? Suggestions? Let us Know! 
Contact Us 








Contact Us 










Your Name (required)
 
Your Email (required)
 
Your Message
 


 


Quick LinksHome – Radiant Barrier Insulation
Products – Residential & Commercial Insulation
News – Radiant Barrier Information
Contact – Contact us for Support




 Recent News 

Let the Sun In


Savings with Radiant Barrier Retrofit


Metal Building Radiant Barrier Savings


Reflective Insulation 1960 – Present


Energy Efficient Home Heating Tips






Contact Information 
Email: info@iiproducts.com
Atlanta Office Phone: 404 809-3339
Orlando Office Phone: 407-286-4624










© 2017 International Insulation Products.  



            




 





















