










 




	ECHO LABORATORIES Trademark of Echo Laboratories, Inc.. Serial Number: 86781169 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
ECHO LABORATORIES










 
Get FREE email alerts













ECHO LABORATORIES  Trademark Information
 Echo Laboratories, Inc.




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
automated   microscope   operating   software   sold   unit   use   laboratory   operations   microscopes   microscopes   parts   thereof   zoom   microscopes    
                                    




This is a brand page for the ECHO LABORATORIES trademark by Echo Laboratories, Inc. 
                                in San Diego, CA, 92104.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this ECHO LABORATORIES trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Echo Laboratories, Inc. of the ECHO LABORATORIES trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the ECHO LABORATORIES trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, October 7, 2015,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        ECHO LABORATORIES by 
                        Echo Laboratories, Inc., San Diego, CA  92104.
                        The USPTO has given the ECHO LABORATORIES 
                        trademark serial  number of  86781169.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - AFTER INTER-PARTES DECISION.
                        The correspondent listed for ECHO LABORATORIES is 
                        
                        
                                            DAVID C LEE of 
                                            AKIN GUMP STRAUSS HAUER & FELD LLP,  1333 NEW HAMPSHIRE AVE  NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20036-1564 
                                .
                            The ECHO LABORATORIES trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for ECHO LABORATORIES 
                            is Automated microscope and operating software sold as a unit for use in laboratory operations; Microscopes; Microscopes and parts thereof; Zoom microscopes. 
                            





Word mark:
 ECHO LABORATORIES


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - AFTER INTER-PARTES DECISION

3/8/2017



  Serial Number:  
86781169


  Filing Date:  
10/7/2015


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Automated microscope and operating software sold as a unit for use in laboratory operations; Microscopes; Microscopes and parts thereof; Zoom microscopes


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of the word "ECHO" in thick blue capital letters atop the word "LABORATORIES" in skinny black capital letters, all preceded by a stylized design of three green circles of varying size and one small green dot connected by green lines and loosely resembling a microscope. The design is surrounded by two concentric semi-circles, the inner being blue and the outer black.


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/9/2016


Last Applicant/Owner:

Echo Laboratories, Inc.San Diego, CA  92104
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Binoculars, opera glasses, telescopes, microscopes  (Telecommunications, sound recording or reproduction equipment; photography, cinematography and optics   -  Photography, cinematography, optics) see more design...


                                                    Semi  -  circles  (Geometric figures and solids   -  Coding and searching guide) see more design...


                                                    Two concentric circles (Geometric figures and solids   -  Coding and searching guide) see more design...


                                                    Four Circles  (Geometric figures and solids   -  Coding and searching guide) see more design...


                                                    Straight line(s), band(s) or bar(s)  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...


                                                    Horizontal line(s), band(s) or bar(s)  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("LABORATORIES")


 Correspondent:


DAVID C LEE
AKIN GUMP STRAUSS HAUER & FELD LLP
1333 NEW HAMPSHIRE AVE  NW
WASHINGTON, DC 20036-1564






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your ECHO LABORATORIES trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/8/2017
ABANDONED - AFTER INTER-PARTES DECISION


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



DAVID C LEE


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of ECHO LABORATORIES trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search echolaboratories on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for ECHO LABORATORIES 




ECHO LABORATORIES is providing Automated microscope and operating software sold as a unit for use in laboratory operations; Microscopes; Microscopes and parts thereof; Zoom microscopes.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Echo Laboratories, Inc. Jobs & Careers  - Stack Overflow

















 




 















Stack Overflow













Log In
Sign Up









 



            search jobs

            search companies

            why Jobs?




Developer Story























Echo Laboratories, Inc.

Reinventing microscopy, empowering researchers.





Biotechnology, iOS, Life Sciences





11-50 people





VC Funded





Founded 2013





http://discover-echo.com/contact








REINVENT MICROSCOPY AT ECHO LABORATORIES
Echo Laboratories was founded on the idea that microscopes should be more powerful and easier to use. Our breakthrough product is the Revolve: the first microscope to convert between upright and inverted configurations, and powered by the iPad Pro.
The New FrontierThe Revolve introduces a new hardware and software platform, and with that, entirely new workflows. We’re looking for talented people who not only have the technical know-how, but the ability to apply that knowledge creatively.
Make an impactResearchers all over the world are already using the Revolve to study cancer, neurons, and stem cells. Your effort will have a direct impact on research the world over.
Work with great peopleNo other microscope company provides the kind of seamless integration like we do, from purchasing to acquisition workflow. We’re among the first to care about the software in addition to hardware, and we obsess over getting the software experience just right. Our engineering team is entirely in-house, located in San Diego, California. The only way we achieve this level of integration is by great teams, made up of smart people working together.
Amazing human beings doing bold workCome be a part of something bigger!



Our Tech Stack

ios swift xcode cocoa-touch cocoapods git python xctest

We’re ushering in features that impact our daily lives, such as over the air updates, cloud integration, and high resolution retina displays. We selected iOS as our platform and Swift as our language of choice because it's lived up to its reputation as being safe, fast, and powerful.
The best part about our tools? If you think something can be done better, propose it. If it solves a real customer need, we’ll support you.



We have great benefits


 Medical, dental, and vision plans


 Chiropractic/Accupuncture plans


 Competitive salaries


 Generous PTO plan


 Seven paid holidays


 Collaborative environment


 Comfortable and casual office


 Moving to new upgraded facility Aug. 2017


 Cool company events





Who you'll work with









likes:
{{ tag }}

view profile





























Locations

1202 Knoxville Street San Diego, CA 92110

« previous
next »







 




 
 

 





 




Stack Overflow works best with JavaScript enabled
            















Echo Labs | Revolve




























































						TRY ME
					












Meet Revolve
The New Hybrid Microscope




















The New Hybrid Microscope
The Revolve Easily transforms between upright and inverted configurations
More Detail 









 UPRIGHT: 

Designed for viewing glass slides




APPLICATIONS:



Bright Field



Phase Contrast



Epi-Fluorescence


















Two Microscopes in One
Revolve is more versatile than other systems on the market - Merging the capabilities of two instruments into one. This hybrid microscope significantly reduces costs while freeing up valuable laboratory space.
More Detail 









 INVERTED: 

Ideal for Petri Dishes




APPLICATIONS:



Bright Field



Phase Contrast



Epi-Fluorescence


















A Truly Amazing View
We've replaced the traditional eyepiece for easier viewing. In microscopy, image quality is paramount and an iPad tablet provides beautiful, crystal clear views through its world-class retina display.















Uncompromised Performance
Performance Details 









Optics

Optical components by Olympus
Extra long working distance and high-resolution condenser





Motorized LED Flourescence Module

Ultra-high intensity light
Outstanding long-term stability
Mercury free
Environmentally safe





Cloud Sharing

Seamless integration with cloud sharing applications





Retina Display

2732 x 2048
264 pixels per inch





Cameras

Bright Field
8 MP Color Camera
HD video, 120 fps
Flourescence
3.2 MP Monochrome SCMOS Camera



















An Extraordinary User Experience














Incredibly Easy To Use: No Learning Curve
No Assembly Required




Seamless Hardware Integration
Modern Approach To Data Management









Go For a Spin!













Try me




 


Echo Laboratories Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























echo laboratories inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Machinery
Sub-Industry: Industrial Machinery
Echo Laboratories, Inc. was founded in 2013. The company's line of business includes the manufacturing of special industry machinery.




Corporate Information
Address:

1202 Knoxville St
San Diego, CA 92110
United States


Phone:
1-805-276-6276


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.echo-labs.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Chainsaws, Trimmers, Blowers, Edgers and Outdoor Power Equipment | ECHO USA










































































Search for:







Language


                                      English
                                      

                                      Español
                                      















menu






















































Trimmers



SRM-225





Chain Saws



CS-590





Blowers



PB-250LN





Edgers



PE-225





Hedge Trimmers



HC-152





Cordless Products



DSRM-200





PAS



PAS-225





Brushcutters



SRM-280U





Shred 'N' Vac



ES-250





Power Pruners



PPF-225





Sprayers



MS-53BPE





Bed Redefiner



BRD-280





Tiller



TC-210





Engine Drill



EDR-210





Earth Auger



EA-410















































© 2016 ECHO INCORPORATED, All Rights Reserved

  California Transparency in Supply Chains Act Disclosures


Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map




You are about to leave www.echo-usa.com and be transferred to the Gardner Inc. website. Gardner Inc. is an authorized distributor of ECHO Inc. products and is solely responsible for the content, fulfillment and privacy policies of parts ordered online.
Click Here to ContinueCancel


You are about to leave www.echo-usa.com and be transferred to our branded apparel website. Nline Apparel Inc. is an authorized distributor of ECHO-branded apparel and is solely responsible for the content, fulfillment and privacy policies of items ordered online.
Click Here to ContinueCancel









































Home | Echo Labs









Echo Labs

Contact Us
Customer Login



Why Echo Labs?
Solutions
Resellers & Agents
Partners
Company
Resources


















ISP Solutions
Business Solutions
Prof. Services
Home Control
Energy Mgmt



 


 



 



 



 



 





Why Echo Labs?


Money Wise
Focus on growing your business while we support you with state-of-the-art technology and service


Save Time
Out growing your systems?  Consolidating networks?  We can rapidly provide carrier class systems and services.


Intelligent Information
Convert your network data into intelligent information to support network operations and empower business growth


Energy Wise
Energy Intelligence to Power Decisions


Need More Reasons Why?






Partners


Prev
































Next

 


News







Jan
30

2012


At CES, Smart Energy Abounds
...it seems that almost everyone has an energy management system of some kind—or can show a concept for one. There is, indeed, a wide range of energy management options being shown at CES.
One of the coolest ones is from Echo Labs. The software comes with Mi Case Verde’s well-regarded Vera Z-Wave-based controller.
Read More

 





Jan
09

2012


Z-Wave Alliance Exhibits New Cutting-Edge Home Automation Products at CES 2012
LAS VEGAS, Jan 10, 2012 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- CES Booth #20800 -- The Z-Wave Alliance ushers in 2012 with the release of several new home control and automation products from its members. At CES 2012, members of the Z-Wave Alliance will be demonstrating a number of new products and solutions for wireless home control solutions, including:
Read More

 



 
 


Resources






DIRECT PUSH SYNCHRONIZATION OVER THE AIR



        Filed Under:
      
Data Sheets




A Reputation-Based Approach for Efficient Filtration of Spam



        Filed Under:
      
White Papers




Shore Up Storage Sales  With An Investment In  Managed Services



        Filed Under:
      




 
 


Resellers & Agents

Sign Up
Partner with Us
Grow Your Business
Improve Your Margins

Need More Reasons Why?






Why Echo Labs?
SolutionsISP Solutions
Managed Solutions
Professional Solutions
Software & Hardware
Energy Management

Resellers & AgentsBecome a Reseller Partner

Partners
CompanyKey Team Members
History
Employment
News
Contact

ResourcesWhite Papers
Data Sheets







Echo Labs
    14 Inverness Drive East
    Suite D136
    Englewood, CO 80112 USA


Phone: (303) 848-8200
Fax: (303) 847-4583
E-mail: info@echolabs.net






© 2016 Echo Labs LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Employment
News









