
MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc (MTSI.O)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc (MTSI.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologySemiconductor Equipment & Testing












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				MTSI.O on Nasdaq


				60.52USD
11:36am EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.25


					            (-0.41%)
					        






Prev Close

$60.77


Open

$60.52




Day's High

$61.06


Day's Low

$59.75




Volume

184,960


Avg. Vol

769,748




52-wk High

$65.99


52-wk Low

$35.33












					Full Description



MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc., incorporated on March 25, 2009, is a provider of high-performance analog semiconductor solutions that enable Internet applications, the cloud-connected applications economy, and the networked battlefield across the radio frequency (RF), microwave, millimeterwave and photonic spectrum. The Company has multiple design centers, silicon (Si), gallium arsenide (GaAs) and indium phosphide (InP) fabrication, manufacturing, assembly and test, and operational facilities throughout North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. The Company also offers foundry services. The Company offered a portfolio of over 4,500 standard and custom devices, which include integrated circuits (IC), multi-chip modules (MCM), power pallets and transistors, diodes, amplifiers, switches and switch limiters, passive and active components and complete subsystems, across more than 40 product lines serving three primary markets, as of September 30, 2016.The Company's products are RF Power Products, Optoelectronics, Photonic Solutions, Optical Sub-Assemblies, Amplifiers, Diodes, Crosspoints and Signal Conditioners, Serial Digital Interface (SDI) Products, Frequency Conversion, Control Products, Passives, high-definition closed-circuit television (HDcctv) Devices, Frequency Generation, Communications Processors and Hi-Rel Components. Its primary markets include Networks, which consist of carrier and enterprise infrastructure, wired broadband and cellular backhaul, cellular infrastructure, photonic solutions and fiber optic applications; Aerospace and Defense (A&D), which includes military and commercial radar, RF jammers, electronic countermeasures and communication data links; Multi-market, which includes industrial, medical, test and measurement, and scientific applications. Its internal wafer fabrication and its internal assembly and test operations are conducted at its Lowell, Massachusetts headquarters and Ithaca, New York facility.RF Power productsThe Company offers a range of RF power semiconductor products as discrete devices, modules and pallets designed to operate from direct current (DC) to six gigahertz (GHz). Its transistors are used in civil avionics, communications, networks, radar, broadcast, industrial, scientific and medical applications. The Company's RF Power products include RF Power Transistors - GaN on Si, RF Power Transistors - Silicon Bipolar, RF Power Transistors - Silicon MOSFET, GaN and GaAs Device Bias Sequencer, and RF Power - Silicon Bipolar Pallet and Modules.OptoelectronicsThe Company supports a portfolio of components for optical communications from long haul core networks to fiber to the X (FTTx) access networks. Its Optoelectronics products include Laser and Modulator Drivers, Transimpedance Amplifiers (TIAs), Clock & Data Recovery, Optical Post Amplifiers and LED/Laser Drivers for Display.Photonic SolutionsThe Company's Photonic Solutions products include Fabry-Perot Lasers, distributed feedback (DFB) Lasers, Photonic Integrated Circuits (PICs) and Laser Photonic Integrated Circuits (L-PIC). Its photonic solutions portfolio consists of monolithic integrated optoelectronic components based on indium phosphide and other semiconductor materials.Optical Sub-AssembliesThe Company's optical sub-assemblies (OSA) are focused on the high performance/high bit rate optical transceivers operating at 100 gigabits per second (Gbps) and beyond. Its 100Gbps Transmitter Optical Sub-Assembly (TOSA) integrates 4channels of 25/28Gbps DFB lasers or electro-absorption modulated lasers (EMLs) with driver IC and a low loss optical multi user experience (MUX). Its 100Gbps Receiver Optical Sub-Assembly (ROSA) integrates four photo intrinsic (PIN) photo-detectors, a quad TIA, and a low loss optical demultiplexer (DEMUX). The Company's optical sub-assemblies are key components servicing the advanced metro/longhaul networks, datacenter interconnect (DCI) applications, mobile backhaul networks, and high-end router/switch applications.AmplifiersThe Company designs, manufactures and supports a range of amplifiers for RF, microwave and millimeter wave applications. The Company makes broadband amplifiers, driver amplifiers, low noise amplifiers, linear and power amplifiers and gain blocks. The amplifiers product category includes Active Splitters, Amplifier Gain Blocks, CATV Amplifiers, Distributed Amplifiers, FTTx Amplifiers, Hybrid Amplifiers Linear Amplifiers, Low Noise Amplifiers, Power Amplifiers and Variable Gain Amplifiers.DiodesThe Company produces a range of PIN, Schottky, Varactor and Multiplier diodes in the industry for microwave circuit applications from 1 Megahertz (MHz) to 80 Gigahertz (GHz). The Diodes are manufactured in die, SURMOUNT, plastic and ceramic packaging for a variety of circuit configurations. The Company's diodes products include PIN Limiter Diodes, PIN Switch and Attenuator Diodes, Schottky Mixer and Detector Diodes, Multiplier Step Recovery Diodes, Varactor Tuning Diodes, Germanium Tunnel Diodes and DC Voltage Current Limiter.Crosspoints and Signal ConditionersThe Company offers its crosspoints and signal conditioners under the category, Crosspoint Switches, Signal Conditioners/Redrivers. It offers a portfolio of crosspoint switch devices with channel counts ranging from 2x2 to 288x288, and data rates from 3.2 Gbps to 12.8 Gbps and above. Its devices are equipped with signal conditioning technology.Serial Digital InterfaceThe Company provides a range of products specifically designed for driving SDI video signals across long copper cables. These multi-rate products are the solution when designing high definition (HD) and ultra-high-definition (UHD) video broadcast equipment. Its SDI products are SDI Cable Drivers, SDI Cable Equalizers and SDI Reclockers.Frequency ConversionThe Company's frequency conversion products include hybrid mixers, mixers, receivers, transceivers, up converters and frequency multipliers. Its frequency conversion devices are used in aerospace and defense, and other broadband communications applications.Control ProductsThe Company's control products include CMOS Switch Drivers, Digital Attenuators, Digital Phase Shifters, IQ Modulators/Demodulators, Limiters, Power Detectors, Switches, Voltage Variable Attenuators and Phase Detectors. Its CMOS switch drivers are used in wireless infrastructure base stations, as well as aerospace and defense applications.PassivesThe Company's passives include Bias Networks, Couplers, Filters/Diplexers, Power Dividers/Combiners, Transformers/Baluns, Resistor Products, Inductor Products and Capacitors. It offers 18-40 GHz bias networks suitable for DC biasing of PIN diode control circuits. These bias networks can also be used as bi-directional reactive couplers for Schottky detector circuits in multimarket applications.HDcctv DevicesThe Company's HDcctv devices include HDcctv Cable Drivers, HDcctv Cable Equalizers and HDcctv Reclockers. It offers a range of products specifically designed for driving HDcctv video signals across long copper cables.Frequency GenerationThe Company's Frequency Generation products include Voltage Controlled Oscillators and NLTL GaAs Comb Generators. It provides multi-channel and dual output cable drivers, which helps customers when building cameras, digital video recorders (DVR), displays, repeaters and other system peripherals.Communications ProcessorsThe Company's software-configurable DSP products serve as bridges for transporting video, voice, fax and modem transmissions between circuit-switched networks and packet-based networks, and across network boundaries. Its multiservice access device architecture supports the Company's suite of voice compression techniques, echo cancellers and communications protocols. These products process and translate voice and data and perform various management and reporting functions. Its supported services include Video and Voice over IP (VoIP), Voice-over-ATM (VoATM) and Voice-over-DSL services, as well as wireline-to-wireless connectivity. Its Comcerto family of packet processors includes a range of software-compatible solutions. The Company's Communication Processors offer products under categories, such as Wide Area Networks, Voice over Internet protocol (VoIP) Processors, Carrier Convergence Processors, and Enterprise Voice and Data Processors.Hi-Rel ComponentsThe Company's product portfolio of high reliability semiconductors for the military, defense, satellite and aerospace industries includes Rectifiers, Switching diodes, Zener diodes, Temperature compensated zeners, Transient voltage suppressors and Silicon controlled rectifiers. The Company's Hi-Rel Components products are offered under categories, such as Current Regulators; Schottky, Switching and Zeners Diode Chips; Silicon Switching Diodes; Ultrafast Rectifier Diodes, and Power Transistors.The Company competes with Analog Devices, Inc., NXP Semiconductors N.V., Inphi Corporation, Broadcom LTD., Semtech Solutions Inc., Cobham Defense Electronic Systems Corporation, Microsemi Corporation, Qorvo, Inc. and Skyworks Solutions, Inc.

» Full Overview of MTSI.O







					Company Address



MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc
100 Chelmsford StLOWELL   MA   01851-2620
P: +1978.6562500F: +1978.6562804







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 John Ocampo

303,714




							 John Croteau

5,414,220




							 Robert McMullan

1,819,420




							 John Kennedy

--




							 Michael Murphy

1,647,500




» More Officers & Directors





					MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc News




BRIEF-Macom Technology enters into two amendments to its credit agreement

May 19 2017 
BRIEF-Macom Technology Solutions reports Q3 loss from continuing operations $2.21/shr

Apr 25 2017 
BRIEF-Macom Technology Solutions amends its credit agreement

Mar 13 2017 
BRIEF-Macom announces launch of $590 million repricing of existing term Loan B

Feb 28 2017 

» More MTSI.O  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologySemiconductor Equipment & Testing

























Echo 360 Holdings, Inc. - Other Technology- Abate  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Echo 360 Holdings, Inc.

      Industry: Other Technology
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    11955 Freedom Drive, Suite 700  
    Reston, VA, 20190Phone: 703-667-7500 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-03-24


New


$5,637,530


$5,637,530


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2016-12-28


New


$2,000,000


$2,000,000


Debt Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Anthony Abate 
 Executive 


 John Casteen 
 Director 


 Donn Davis 
 Director 


 Janet Hill 
 Director 


 Evan Morgan 
 Director 


 Jon Patty 
 Director 


 Rohit Seth 
 Director 


 Frederick Singer 
 Director 


 Wayne Weisman 
 Director 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 

Frederick Singer's involvement in venture capital (via Echo 360 Inc, Grab Networks Holdings Inc)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/4845-frederick-singersection=people&subsection=detail&id=4845




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


FrederickSingerGet alertedif Frederick Singer gets funded!Frederick SingerEcho 360 Inc - Director, Executive Officer, Executive_OfficerGrab Networks Holdings Inc - Executive_Officer, DirectorDeals involving Frederick Singer$35,917,912 raised with Echo 360 Inc on December, 2013$30,917,911 raised with Echo 360 Inc on May, 2012$1,800,001 raised with Echo 360 Inc on April, 2011$2,967,913 raised with Echo 360 Inc on February, 2011$1,000,000 raised with Echo 360 Inc on December, 2010$26,384,107 raised with Echo 360 Inc on April, 2010$2,000,000 raised with Grab Networks Holdings Inc on June, 2012$8,000,010 raised with Grab Networks Holdings Inc on April, 2009Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Frederick Singer on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!









Education’s First Video and Active Learning Platform | Echo360




































































 






























   












Contact Us




Uses

Higher Education
Continuing Medical Education


Platform

Video
Engagement
Analytics


Resources

Stories
Blog
News
Events


Support
Login














Contact Us





Uses

Higher Education
Continuing Medical Education


Platform

Video
Engagement
Analytics


Resources

Stories
Blog
News
Events


Support
Login







 










Better video.Better engagement.Better learning.

Echo360 turns classrooms and events into collaborative communities of learning and success by combining industry-leading video, engagement and analytics into one unified experience.











Latest NewsEcho360 attains AWS Education Competency Status.


More students learn with Echo360 than any other video platform.




3 million
students per term






7 times
more engagement






17 percent
higher grades












1,500
interactions per minute






1,000
videos created per hour






60 million
content views per term




 
 







Explore what Echo360 can do for you.
Request Demo


 







Instructor-friendly. Reliable. The most effective video platform for learning.

Recording, playback and content management
Software or hardware capture for any classroom
Highest quality 1080p recording
Up to 10x more reliable
Drives 7x higher student utilization
Affordable from pilot to campus-wide deployment

Learn More













Power the modern classroom experience.
Student engagement increases seven-fold when social learning and student response tools are integrated with video. Echo360 is the only provider to bring these technologies together in one streamlined experience to improve student interactivity and learning  – before, during and after class.
Learn More



See how the University of Toledo uses Echo360 in the classroom. Watch Video










Echo360 provides real time learning data no one else can.
Echo360 provides new insight into student learning behaviors such as watching videos, reviewing content, asking questions or taking notes. Alone, these activities are meaningless single data points. Together, they establish patterns of risk and opportunity that educators and students can respond to in real time.
Explore Analytics
















Timely data leads to proactive intervention and big results.





More Customer Stories








Echo360 data makes your other systems more effective.
Echo360 tackles the classroom portion of your student success programs and makes your results better. We lead in open standards, pedagogical research communities and integration with your existing technology investments.

Our Partners










Create & manage videoEasily and reliably


Engage studentsWithout burdening professors


Get behavioral dataThat measures actual learning 

Improve outcomesIntervene proactively and early


Extend your LMSSupercharge your IT investments












 


























































SCP Partners











































Information & Communications 
					Technology (ICT)






 

Amkor Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMKR) 

					http://www.amkor.com
					Amkor is one of the worlds largest subcontractors of 
					semiconductor packaging and test services, having pioneered 
					the outsourcing of these operations by semiconductor 
					manufacturers in 1968.  The company competes by offering a 
					broad array of package design, packaging, and test services 
					and by continually innovating in the area of advanced 
					semiconductor packaging.







 

Echo 360, Inc

					http://www.echo360.comEcho 360 products enable institutions 
					of higher education to capture all aspects of classroom 
					lectures  and make them continuously available to 
					students for review.  The lecture capture opportunity 
					offers the university an inexpensive competitive advantage 
					by having lectures available on demand via the internet and 
					podcasts.  Through replay of the entire classroom 
					experience, students benefit from greater retention, 
					comprehension, and success. 





 


FourthWall Media
(Private)

					www.fourthwallmedia.tv
					FourthWall Media, formerly known as Biap, Inc., is the 
					leading provider of interactive television and advanced 
					advertising solutions. The companyhas established a strong 
					track record for delivering rich interactive services to 
					nearly 25 million set-top boxes, across multiple platforms, 
					operators, products, and geographies. Its partners include 
					Time Warner Cable, DISH Network, and several smaller 
					operators. 








 

GiftCertificates.com (Private)
					http://www.giftcertificates.com/
GiftCertificates.com is an e-commerce destination site 
					that sells branded gift certificates for the nation's 
					leading retailers, restaurants, and hotels.  
 




 

Gigared S.A. (Private)
					http://www.gigared.comGigared S.A. owns and operates 
					an integrated cable and telecommunications network in the 
					Republic of Argentina.  The network connects four 
					provincial capitals to Buenos Aires and from there to the 
					worldwide telecommunications network via an interconnect 
					with IFX.  The Company provides cable television, 
					dedicated internet access, cable modem access, and web 
					hosting and co-location services.  
 






 


Grab Networks
(Private)http://corp.grabnetworks.com/Grab Networks, formed by the 2008 merger of Anystream and 
					Voxant, offers a comprehensive video operating system and 
					syndication network for profitably publishing video anywhere 
					on the Internet. The system automatically manages, 
					transcodes and tags video assets turning clips into 
					searchable packets that can be combined with relevant 
					advertising and distributed to any device. 
					






 

Magnolia Broadband, Inc. (Private)

					http://www.magnoliabroadband.com/Magnolia is 
					pioneering development of radio chips for cell phones that 
					employ smart antennas. Smart antenna technology represents a 
					major breakthrough for the wireless industry. The company's 
					unique, integrated, multi-transceiver, low-power RF chips 
					will reduce power drain and increase capacity, coverage and 
					user data rates for existing and future mobile protocols. 
					Magnolia's solutions require no changes to the physical 
					layer of the network.
 









 

Q Group, Plc (Private)

					http://www.qgroupplc.com
				  Q Group, Plc is an international leader in the development and 
					marketing of language instruction solutions, with a focus on 
					the English as a Second Language ("ESL") market.
					The Q Group's turnkey educational solutions are for all ages 
					and nationalities in the institutional and corporate 
					markets, and include delivery means as: computer-based 
					lessons, online community and enrichment, face-to-face 
					activities, printed course books, lab tasks, assessment 
					tools and teacher's materials.
 







Software Technology, Inc. (Private)

					http://www.sti-k12.com/
				  STI provides student information systems for the K-12 space. 
					The company has been operating profitably for over 18 years, 
					and currently serves more than 7,000 schools across the 
					country.
Back to 
					Top





Life Sciences





 

Deep Breeze, Ltd.  (Private)

					http://www.deepbreeze.com/
				  Deep Breeze, Ltd. is an Israeli-based medical technology 
					company, developing unique medical imaging diagnostic 
					systems based upon its proprietary, radiation-free, acoustic 
					imaging core technology.  Deep Breeze seeks to become 
					the leader in non-invasive lung and cardiac diagnostic 
					solutions.  Deep Breeze is currently focused on 
					completing the development of its initial revolutionary 
					product, the Passive 
                  Acoustic Lung Imaging Scope or 
                  PALIScope.
 





 

Trig Medical, Inc.  

				http://www.trigmed.com
				Trig Medical, Inc. has developed a unique medical monitoring 
				system for use during childbirth.  By providing more accurate 
				fetal position information to physicians that enables better 
				decision making, Trigs system can lower the risk of 
				complications for both mother and baby and reduce the number of 
				unnecessary Cesarean sections.  
				 
 




 
Vitalife Fund (Private) 

				http://www.vitalifevc.com
				  The Vitalife Fund was organized to make investments primarily 
				in early stage Israeli and Israeli-related private companies in 
				the health care and life sciences arena. The Fund's objective is 
				to provide investors with long-term capital appreciation by 
				developing a diversified portfolio of companies focused on 
				innovative medical technologies.  
				 
Back to 
					Top





Services





 

Pentech Financial Services, Inc. (Private) 

					http://www.pentechfinancial.com/
				  Pentech Financial Services, Inc., headquartered in Campbell, 
					CA, specializes in providing venture leasing and corporate 
					finance services to emerging growth companies that focus on 
					leading edge technologies.  
 





 

Tammac Holdings Corporation
(Private) 
                   


					http://www.tammac.com/
Tammac Holdings Corporation is a finance company 
					operating in the mid-Atlantic and New England regions that 
					provides floor plan financing to manufactured housing 
					dealers and originates retail manufactured housing loans to 
					end-market customers in conjunction with the purchase of 
					manufactured homes.   It is the largest independent 
					financial service company of its kind. 
 


 
				
 
 
                  




Defense and Security





 

DVTel, Inc. (Private)
http://www.dvtel.comBased in NJ, DVTel is a rapidly growing software company 
					that develops innovative IP-based solutions that enable 
					better, faster business decisions by creating intelligent 
					security solutions based on the collection of raw data from 
					multiple sources, such as video surveillance and access 
					control, and turning that data into actionable information. 
					DVTel's integrated solutions leverage existing network 
					infrastructure while providing unmatched levels of 
					flexibility, scalability, cost-effectiveness and customer 
					support.
 




 
 

XVionics (Private)

					http://www.xvionics.com/
				  XVionics markets a state-of-the-art real-time operations 
					management decision support system that is both a decision 
					support system and an enterprise resource planning system 
					for intense environments that can exchange data with 
					multiple, disparate database management systems 
					concurrently.
Back to 
					Top





Other







 



AMG 
(Euronext: AMG.NX)

					http://www.amg-nv.comAMG 
					Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. is a leading global 
					specialty metals company offering highly-engineered 
					metallurgical products and vacuum furnace systems to a wide 
					range of industries including aerospace, energy, 
					electronics, optics, chemical, construction, and 
					transportation. Metallurg Holdings 
					was merged with several global metals companies to form AMG 
					which went public in July, 2007 




 

Hospitality Associates, LLC (Private) http://www.hhphotels.com/Hospitality 
					Associates, LLC was formed to acquire value-oriented, full 
					and limited service hotels in the Middle Atlantic and 
					Northeast regions.  
 


 

Selway Partners, LLC 
                  (Private)Selway is an operating company, which funds a 
					carefully selected number of promising ideas and projects. 
					Selway provides its partner companies with a unique blend of 
					capital, expertise, and commitment at the various stages of 
					their life-cycles. Selway provides a full range of resources 
					to assist its partner companies with the development 
					strategies and financial support needed to rapidly introduce 
					innovative products and services to the marketplace and/or 
					expand existing products and services into new, previously 
					unexplored market segments.
 



 
Vertex Management Israel 
				(Private) 

				http://www.vertexisrael.co.il/Vertex is a venture 
				capital company headquartered in Israel with offices in 
				California, London, Singapore, Taipei, Hong Kong and Beijing. 
				The company makes venture investments in fast growing technology 
				companies to serve global markets.

                  Back to 
					Top




Home | 
	Our Philosophy | Our Investment Strategy and 
	Focus Areas | The SCP Team
Our Portfolio | SCP News | 
	Contact Us | LP Login | 
	Submit a Business Plan
	Š 2007 SCP Partners. All Rights Reserved.



 



Information & Communications Technology (ICT)

Amkor Technology
Echo 360
FourthWall Media 
GiftCertificates.com
Gigared
Grab Networks
Magnolia Broadband
Q Group
Software Technology, Inc.

Life Sciences

Deep Breeze
Trig
Vitalife

Services

Pentech
Tammac



Defense and Security

DVTel
XVIONICS

Other
AMG

Hospitality Associates, LLC
Selway Partners
Vertex Management Israel 













Echo 360 Holdings, Inc. - Alumni, Associates, Insider Transactions, Salary and Compensation Updates - Equilar Atlas 












 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In
















Echo 360 Holdings, Inc.

View Full Profile


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view profiles of Echo 360 Holdings, Inc. alumni and associates. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY Echo 360 Holdings, Inc. alumni and associates.
												FOLLOW changes in Echo 360 Holdings, Inc. alumni and associates employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Echo 360 Holdings, Inc. alumni and associates through your network of contacts.
												







Trustees and Associates (0)








															Stay current on Echo 360 Holdings, Inc. trustees and associates »
															


 







Frederick Singer
Board Member @ Intact Financial Corporation


View Full Profile









Anthony M. Abate
Board Member @ Cbeyond, Inc.


View Full Profile









John Casteen
Employee @ Echo 360 Holdings, Inc.


View Full Profile









Janet Hill
Employee @ Echo 360 Holdings, Inc.


View Full Profile









Evan Morgan
Employee @ Echo 360 Holdings, Inc.


View Full Profile









Jon Patty
Employee @ Echo 360 Holdings, Inc.


View Full Profile









Wayne Weisman
Employee @ Echo 360 Holdings, Inc.


View Full Profile









Donn Davis
Employee @ Echo 360 Holdings, Inc.


View Full Profile









Rohit Seth
Employee @ Echo 360 Holdings, Inc.


View Full Profile












Search

Search for over 80,000 public and private companies, universities and non-profits in the Equilar Atlas real-time database.





/bio



													Example: Echo 360 Holdings, Inc.





















			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993












 







Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (ZBH) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
















About Us
Solutions 

Resources

eBooks/White Papers
Slideshares
Videos
Blog


Contact Us
Register
Log in
My Account
Logout














Browse Research










My Cart
















Menu  
                                    





 Close   X














Browse








About Us
Solutions
Resources
Contact Us

Log Out
Register
Log in











Life Sciences»Medical Devices»Medical Devices Company Reports 



Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (ZBH) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


Lowest Prices Guaranteed
Length
Publisher
Published Date
SKU


from $125
68 Pages


GlobalData




April, 2016
                                

GBDT15002403





Lowest Prices Guaranteed


Price
from $125


Length
68 Pages


Publisher

GlobalData



Published Date

April, 2016

                            


SKU
GBDT15002403



Table of Contents




Close Window
Table of Contents




Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (ZBH) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


Printer format



GlobalData

Section 1 - About the Company  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - Key Facts  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - Key Employees  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - Key Employee Biographies  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - Major Products and Services  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - Medical Equipment Pipeline Products Data  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Pipeline Products by Equipment Type  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Pipeline Products by Development Stage  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - Pharmaceutical Pipeline Products Data  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Pipeline Products by Therapy Area  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Pipeline Products by Development Phase  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - History  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - Company Statement  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - Locations And Subsidiaries  Head Office  Other Locations & Subsidiaries  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - Key Manufacturing Facilities  Section 2 – Company Analysis  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - Business Description  Business Description - Dental  Dental  - Overview  Dental - Financials  Business Description - Hips  Hips - Overview  Hips - Financials  Business Description - Knees  Knees - Overview  Knees - Financials  Business Description - Other  Other  - Overview  Other  - Financials  Business Description - S.E.T  S.E.T - Overview  S.E.T - Financials  Business Description - Spine and CMF Implants  Spine and CMF Implants - Overview  Spine and CMF Implants - Financials  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - Corporate Strategy  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - SWOT Analysis  SWOT Analysis - Overview  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - Strengths  Strength - Strong presence in International Markets  Strength - Significant Market Player  Strength - Strong Research and Development Activities  Strength - Strong Performance of Core Product Categories  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - Weaknesses  Weakness - Product Liability Disputes and Patent Infringement Concerns  Weakness - Safety Issues  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - Opportunities  Opportunity - New Product Innovation  Opportunity - Global Orthopedic Devices Market  Opportunity - Market Growth in Emerging Economies  Opportunity - Business Combination  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - Threats  Threat - Rapid Technological Changes  Threat - Governmental Regulations  Threat - Stiff Competition  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. - Key Competitors  Section 3 – Company Financial Ratios  Financial Ratios - Capital Market Ratios  Financial Ratios - Annual Ratios  Performance Chart  Financial Performance  Financial Ratios - Interim Ratios  Financial Ratios - Ratio Charts  Section 4 – Company’s Lifesciences Financial Deals and Alliances  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Type, 2010 to YTD 2016  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare, Deals By Type, 2010 to YTD 2016  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Recent Deals Summary  Section 5 – Company’s Recent Developments  Mar 03, 2016: Zimmer Biomet Announces FDA Clearance for Compatibility of Nexel Total Elbow and Comprehensive Segmental Revision System  Mar 03, 2016: Zimmer Announces FDA approval for the compatibility of the Comprehensive SRS system with the Nexel Total Elbow  Mar 03, 2016: Zimmer Biomet Announces the Release of New Implant Technology in Support of the Vanguard 360 Revision Knee System  Mar 03, 2016: Zimmer Biomet Announces the Release of New Implant Technology in Support of the Persona Knee System  Mar 02, 2016: Zimmer Biomet Announces Commercial Launch of the Echo Bi-Metric Microplasty Stem  Mar 02, 2016: Zimmer Biomet Announces Commercial Launch of the G7 Dual Mobility Construct  Feb 11, 2016: Zimmer Biomet Announces FDA Clearance for Unite3D Bridge Fixation System  Jan 28, 2016: Zimmer Biomet Holdings Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2015 Financial Results  Oct 29, 2015: Zimmer Biomet Holdings Reports Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results  Oct 19, 2015: U.S. Supreme Court To Hear Stryker’s Appeal In Zimmer Patent Infringement Suit  Section 6 – Appendix  Methodology  Ratio Definitions  About GlobalData  Contact Us  Disclaimer  List of TablesZimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Key Facts  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Key Employees  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Key Employee Biographies  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Major Products and Services  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Number of Pipeline Products by Equipment Type  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Pipeline Products by Equipment Type  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Number of Pipeline Products by Development Stage  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Pipeline Products by Development Stage  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Number of Pipeline Products by Therapy Area  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Number of Pipeline Products by Development Stage  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., History  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Other Locations  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Subsidiaries  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Key Manufacturing Facilities  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Key Competitors  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Ratios based on current share price  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Annual Ratios  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Interim Ratios  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Type, 2010 to YTD 2016  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare, Deals By Type, 2010 to YTD 2016  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Recent Deals Summary  Currency Codes  Capital Market Ratios  Equity Ratios  Profitability Ratios  Cost Ratios  Liquidity Ratios  Leverage Ratios  Efficiency Ratios  List of FiguresZimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Pipeline Products by Equipment Type  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Pipeline Products by Development Stage  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc.,  Pipeline Products by Therapy Area  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc.,  Pipeline Products by Development Phase  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Performance Chart (2011 - 2015)  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Ratio Charts  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals by Type, 2010 to YTD 2016  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016  Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare, Deals by Type, 2010 to YTD 2016  




Description




Close Window
Description




Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (ZBH) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


Printer format



GlobalData


Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (ZBH) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review  - provides you an in-depth strategic SWOT analysis of the company’s businesses and operations. The profile has been compiled by GlobalData to bring to you a clear and an unbiased view of the company’s key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats. The profile helps you formulate strategies that augment your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better.The profile contains critical company information including:Business description – A detailed description of the company’s operations and business divisions.Corporate strategy – Analyst’s summarization of the company’s business strategy.SWOT Analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats.Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company.Major products and services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.Key competitors – A list of key competitors to the company.Key employees – A list of the key executives of the company.Executive biographies – A brief summary of the executives’ employment history.Key operational heads – A list of personnel heading key departments/functions.Important locations and subsidiaries – A list and contact details of key locations and subsidiaries of the company.Key manufacturing facilities – A list of key manufacturing facilities of the company.Detailed financial ratios for the past five years – The latest financial ratios derived from the annual financial statements published by the company with 5 years history.Interim ratios for the last five interim periods – The latest financial ratios derived from the quarterly/semi-annual financial statements published by the company for 5 interims history.HighlightsZimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (Zimmer Biomet) is a medical device company with focus on musculoskeletal healthcare. It carries out the design, development, manufacture, and marketing of reconstructive products; sports medicine, biologics, extremities and trauma products; spine, bone healing, craniomaxillofacial and thoracic products; dental implants; and related surgical products. Its products and solutions are used for the treatment of patients suffering from disorders or injuries in bones, joints and supporting soft tissues. The company offers its products to orthopaedic surgeons, neurosurgeons, oral surgeons, other specialists, dentists and hospitals. The company sells its products through direct sales channels and distributors in Americas, Europe, Asia-Pacific, the Middle East and Africa. Zimmer Biomet is headquartered in Indiana, the US.Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc.  Key Recent DevelopmentsJan 28, 2016: Zimmer Biomet Holdings Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2015 Financial ResultsNov 23, 2015: Zimmer Biomet Holdings to Present at the 27th Annual Piper Jaffray Healthcare ConferenceOct 29, 2015: Zimmer Biomet Holdings Reports Third Quarter 2015 Financial ResultsOct 19, 2015: U.S. Supreme Court To Hear Stryker’s Appeal In Zimmer Patent Infringement SuitOct 13, 2015: Zimmer Biomet Spine to Showcase Advanced Surgical Technologies and Techniques at North American Spine Society 2015 MeetingKey benefits of buying this profile include:You get detailed information about the company and its operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.The profile analyzes the company’s business structure, operations, major products and services, prospects, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and their biographies and key competitors.Understand and respond to your competitors’ business structure and strategies, and capitalize on their weaknesses. Stay up to date on the major developments affecting the company.The company’s core strengths and weaknesses and areas of development or decline are analyzed and presented in the profile objectively. Recent developments in the company covered in the profile help you track important events.Equip yourself with information that enables you to sharpen your strategies and transform your operations profitably.Opportunities that the company can explore and exploit are sized up and its growth potential assessed in the profile. Competitive and/or technological threats are highlighted.Scout for potential investments and acquisition targets, with detailed insight into the companies’ strategic, financial and operational performance.Financial ratio presented for major public companies in the profile include the revenue trends, profitability, growth, margins and returns, liquidity and leverage, financial position and efficiency ratios.Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research.Key elements such as SWOT analysis, corporate strategy and financial ratios and charts are incorporated in the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.Note: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company
                                    




Search inside this report




Close Window
Search inside this report
















Online Download
$125


Purchase






Site License
$250


Purchase






Global Site License
$375


Purchase










 



Research assistance



US: 800.298.5699
Int'l: +1.240.747.3093
















      Download our eBook: How to Succeed Using Market Research
    

      Learn how to effectively navigate the market research process to help guide your organization on the journey to success.
    

        Download eBook
    



Share this report









Other tasks

Printer format
Order by fax
Currency converter







































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 







Medical Devices Market Research Reports & Medical Devices Industry Analysis | MarketResearch.com



















About Us
Solutions 

Resources

eBooks/White Papers
Slideshares
Videos
Blog


Contact Us
Register
Log in
My Account
Logout














Browse Research










My Cart
















Menu  
                                    





 Close   X














Browse








About Us
Solutions
Resources
Contact Us

Log Out
Register
Log in














Market Research
»

Life Sciences

Medical Devices Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis


Medical devices are durable and disposable in nature.  These devices can be used for a wide variety of conditions for surgical procedures, home health care, clinical settings or in the medical office setting.  A medical device is an instrument, apparatus, implant, in vitro reagent or anything similar which can be used to diagnose, prevent or treat a disease within the body.  It can be as simple as a tongue depressor, medical thermometer or disposable gloves.  It can also be as complex as a computer which can assist in medical testing, an implant like a stent or a prosthesis.  Globally, the medical device market is over $209 billion.  
 Medical devices are classified in one of three regulatory classes, the classification is dependent on the intended use of the device and indications for use.  The US accounts for approximately 38% of the global medical device market.  China, Japan, Russia and Brazil have the most stringent regulatory compliance for medical devices. Research can be found within market research industry reports which will further outline economic industry trends, device regulation globally and challenges facing medical device leaders.
...Show More
...Show Less






Filter your search

Filter your search




Aesthetic Devices / Cosmetic Surgery (289)
Anesthesia (220)
Blood (193)
Cardiac Rhythm Management  (130)
Cardiovascular Devices (1655)
Catheters (543)
Country  Overviews (332)
Critical Care (25)
Dental Equipment (1301)
Diabetes (268)
Dialysis (141)
Disposables (413)
Drug Delivery Systems (101)
Durable Medical Equipment (632)
Electronics (126)
Endoscopy (268)
ENT (433)
Equipment & Supplies (1402)
General Medical Devices (886)
Gynecological Devices (184)
Home Health (185)
Implantable Devices (78)
Information Technology (5)
Infusion Products (246)
Manufacturing & Packaging (788)
Materials Science (12)
Medical Devices (262)
Medical Devices Company Reports (1401)
Medical Laser (181)
Minimally Invasive Surgery (1153)
Needles, Syringes, IV Access (564)
Neurology Devices (452)
Ophthalmic Devices (832)
Orthopedics (2136)
Patient Monitoring (881)
Regulation (331)
Respiratory Devices (907)
Stents (567)
Sterilization Equipment (162)
Surgical Equipment (1227)
Urology (104)
Virtual Reality (20)
Wearable Medical Devices (104)
Wound Care (1011)




Global  (6828)
Asia  (4339)
Europe  (3278)
North America  (2416)
South America  (643)
Oceania  (472)
Africa  (280)
Middle East  (203)
Caribbean  (10)
Central America  (9)




Research Assistance
US: 800.298.5699 
Int'l: +1.240.747.3093






Join Alert Me Now!
Receive bi-weekly email alerts on new research
Sign Up

Find out more on our blog



Medical Devices Industry Research & Market Reports

Sort by:

Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Price Low-to-High
Price High-to-Low
Date
Date (Older First)

Refine your search




Close Window
Refine your search








Title:







Publisher:







Keyword:







Price(USD):





 To 







Date:



Any Date
Last Month
Last 3 Months
Last 6 Months
Last Year
Last 2 Years





Region:



All Regions

                                                            Africa
                                                        

                                                               Algeria
                                                        

                                                               Angola
                                                        

                                                               Benin
                                                        

                                                               Botswana
                                                        

                                                               Burkina Faso
                                                        

                                                               Burundi
                                                        

                                                               Cameroon
                                                        

                                                               Cape Verde
                                                        

                                                               Central African Republic
                                                        

                                                               Chad
                                                        

                                                               Comoros
                                                        

                                                               The Congo
                                                        

                                                               The Congo
                                                        

                                                               Cote d'Ivoire
                                                        

                                                               Djibouti
                                                        

                                                               Egypt
                                                        

                                                               Equatorial Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Eritrea
                                                        

                                                               Ethiopia
                                                        

                                                               Gabon
                                                        

                                                               The Gambia
                                                        

                                                               Ghana
                                                        

                                                               Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Guinea-Bissau
                                                        

                                                               Kenya
                                                        

                                                               Lesotho
                                                        

                                                               Liberia
                                                        

                                                               Libya
                                                        

                                                               Madagascar
                                                        

                                                               Malawi
                                                        

                                                               Mali
                                                        

                                                               Mauritania
                                                        

                                                               Mauritius
                                                        

                                                               Mayotte
                                                        

                                                               Morocco
                                                        

                                                               Mozambique
                                                        

                                                               Namibia
                                                        

                                                               Niger
                                                        

                                                               Nigeria
                                                        

                                                               Reunion
                                                        

                                                               Rwanda
                                                        

                                                               Sao Tome and Principe
                                                        

                                                               Senegal
                                                        

                                                               Seychelles
                                                        

                                                               Sierra Leone
                                                        

                                                               Somalia
                                                        

                                                               South Africa
                                                        

                                                               South Sudan
                                                        

                                                               Sudan
                                                        

                                                               Swaziland
                                                        

                                                               Tanzania
                                                        

                                                               Togo
                                                        

                                                               Tunisia
                                                        

                                                               Uganda
                                                        

                                                               Western Sahara
                                                        

                                                               Zambia
                                                        

                                                               Zimbabwe
                                                        

                                                            Asia
                                                        

                                                               Afghanistan
                                                        

                                                               Armenia
                                                        

                                                               Azerbaijan
                                                        

                                                               Bangladesh
                                                        

                                                               Bhutan
                                                        

                                                               Brunei
                                                        

                                                               Cambodia
                                                        

                                                               China
                                                        

                                                               Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                                        

                                                               East Timor
                                                        

                                                               Georgia
                                                        

                                                               Hong Kong
                                                        

                                                               India
                                                        

                                                               Indonesia
                                                        

                                                               Japan
                                                        

                                                               Kazakhstan
                                                        

                                                               Kyrgyzstan
                                                        

                                                               Laos
                                                        

                                                               Macau
                                                        

                                                               Malaysia
                                                        

                                                               Maldives
                                                        

                                                               Mongolia
                                                        

                                                               Myanmar
                                                        

                                                               Nepal
                                                        

                                                               North Korea
                                                        

                                                               Pakistan
                                                        

                                                               Papua New Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Philippines
                                                        

                                                               Russia
                                                        

                                                               Singapore
                                                        

                                                               South Korea
                                                        

                                                               Sri Lanka
                                                        

                                                               Taiwan
                                                        

                                                               Tajikistan
                                                        

                                                               Thailand
                                                        

                                                               Turkey
                                                        

                                                               Turkmenistan
                                                        

                                                               Uzbekistan
                                                        

                                                               Vietnam
                                                        

                                                            Caribbean
                                                        

                                                               Anguilla
                                                        

                                                               Antigua and Barbuda
                                                        

                                                               Aruba
                                                        

                                                               The Bahamas
                                                        

                                                               Barbados
                                                        

                                                               British Virgin Islands
                                                        

                                                               Cayman Islands
                                                        

                                                               Cuba
                                                        

                                                               Curacao
                                                        

                                                               Dominica
                                                        

                                                               Dominican Republic
                                                        

                                                               Grenada
                                                        

                                                               Guadeloupe
                                                        

                                                               Haiti
                                                        

                                                               Jamaica
                                                        

                                                               Martinique
                                                        

                                                               Montserrat
                                                        

                                                               Netherlands Antilles
                                                        

                                                               Puerto Rico
                                                        

                                                               Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                                        

                                                               Saint Lucia
                                                        

                                                               Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                                        

                                                               Sint Maarten/ Saint Maarten
                                                        

                                                               Trinidad and Tobago
                                                        

                                                               Turks and Caicos Islands
                                                        

                                                               Virgin Islands
                                                        

                                                            Central America
                                                        

                                                               Belize
                                                        

                                                               Costa Rica
                                                        

                                                               El Salvador
                                                        

                                                               Guatemala
                                                        

                                                               Honduras
                                                        

                                                               Nicaragua
                                                        

                                                               Panama
                                                        

                                                            Europe
                                                        

                                                               Albania
                                                        

                                                               Andorra
                                                        

                                                               Austria
                                                        

                                                               Belarus
                                                        

                                                               Belgium
                                                        

                                                               Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                                        

                                                               Bulgaria
                                                        

                                                               Croatia
                                                        

                                                               Czech Republic
                                                        

                                                               Denmark
                                                        

                                                               Estonia
                                                        

                                                               Faroe Islands
                                                        

                                                               Finland
                                                        

                                                               France
                                                        

                                                               Germany
                                                        

                                                               Gibraltar
                                                        

                                                               Greece
                                                        

                                                               Guernsey
                                                        

                                                               Hungary
                                                        

                                                               Iceland
                                                        

                                                               Ireland
                                                        

                                                               Isle of Man
                                                        

                                                               Italy
                                                        

                                                               Jersey
                                                        

                                                               Kosovo
                                                        

                                                               Latvia
                                                        

                                                               Liechtenstein
                                                        

                                                               Lithuania
                                                        

                                                               Luxembourg
                                                        

                                                               Macedonia
                                                        

                                                               Malta
                                                        

                                                               Moldova
                                                        

                                                               Monaco
                                                        

                                                               Netherlands
                                                        

                                                               Norway
                                                        

                                                               Poland
                                                        

                                                               Portugal
                                                        

                                                               Romania
                                                        

                                                               San Marino
                                                        

                                                               Scotland
                                                        

                                                               Serbia and Montenegro
                                                        

                                                               Slovakia
                                                        

                                                               Slovenia
                                                        

                                                               Spain
                                                        

                                                               Sweden
                                                        

                                                               Switzerland
                                                        

                                                               Ukraine
                                                        

                                                               United Kingdom
                                                        

                                                            Global
                                                        

                                                            Middle East
                                                        

                                                               Bahrain
                                                        

                                                               Cyprus
                                                        

                                                               Gaza Strip
                                                        

                                                               Iran
                                                        

                                                               Iraq
                                                        

                                                               Israel
                                                        

                                                               Jordan
                                                        

                                                               Kuwait
                                                        

                                                               Lebanon
                                                        

                                                               Oman
                                                        

                                                               Palestinian Territories
                                                        

                                                               Qatar
                                                        

                                                               Saudi Arabia
                                                        

                                                               Syria
                                                        

                                                               United Arab Emirates
                                                        

                                                               Yemen
                                                        

                                                            North America
                                                        

                                                               Bermuda
                                                        

                                                               Canada
                                                        

                                                               Greenland
                                                        

                                                               Mexico
                                                        

                                                               United States
                                                        

                                                            Oceania
                                                        

                                                               American Samoa
                                                        

                                                               Australia
                                                        

                                                               Cook Islands
                                                        

                                                               Fiji
                                                        

                                                               French Polynesia
                                                        

                                                               Guam
                                                        

                                                               Kiribati
                                                        

                                                               Marshall Islands
                                                        

                                                               Micronesia, Federated States of
                                                        

                                                               Nauru
                                                        

                                                               New Caledonia
                                                        

                                                               New Zealand
                                                        

                                                               Niue
                                                        

                                                               Norfolk Island
                                                        

                                                               Northern Mariana Islands
                                                        

                                                               Palau
                                                        

                                                               Samoa
                                                        

                                                               Solomon Islands
                                                        

                                                               Tonga
                                                        

                                                               Tuvalu
                                                        

                                                               Vanuatu
                                                        

                                                            South America
                                                        

                                                               Argentina
                                                        

                                                               Bolivia
                                                        

                                                               Brazil
                                                        

                                                               Chile
                                                        

                                                               Colombia
                                                        

                                                               Ecuador
                                                        

                                                               Falkland Islands
                                                        

                                                               French Guiana
                                                        

                                                               Guyana
                                                        

                                                               Paraguay
                                                        

                                                               Peru
                                                        

                                                               Suriname
                                                        

                                                               Uruguay
                                                        

                                                               Venezuela
                                                        





 Search 











Global Medical Aesthetics Industry: Injectables, Energy-Based Devices, Cosmeceuticals, Cosmetic Surgery, Facial Aesthetics, Implants, Cosmetic Tourism. Market Analysis & Forecast to 2022
Aug 01, 2017  | USD 4,600
...Cosmetic Surgery, Facial Aesthetics, Implants, Cosmetic Tourism. Market Analysis & Forecast to 2022 (Published August 2017) is a most comprehensive analysis on this vertically growing market. This detailed report provides strategic business development information and ... Read More


Urology Devices Global Market-2023
Jul 24, 2017  | USD 4,950
...devices due to advantages such as fewer incisions, faster recovery rate and less hospital stays compared to open surgical intervention. Present trend in this market is development and usage of next-generation urology devices like laser ... Read More


Wound Closure and Advanced Wound Care Global Market  – Forecast To 2023
Jul 20, 2017  | USD 4,950
...edges of the tissues together or by directly acting on the wounds for better healing. Devices such as sutures, strips, sealants and adhesives, clips, staples, energy based devices, haemostats and skin grafts are used to ... Read More


Continuous Renal Replacement Therapy (CRRT) Market by Product (Systems, Disposables (Hemofilters & Bloodlines), & Dialysate), Modality (SCUF, CVVH, CVVHD, CVVHDF), Adoption & Procedures, and Region (Europe, North America, Asia-Pacific) - Forecast to 2022 
Jul 20, 2017  | USD 5,650
...global CRRT market is projected to reach USD 1.53 billion by 2022 from USD 1.09 billion in 2017, at a CAGR of 7.0%. Increasing global incidence of acute kidney injury, growing number of ICU patients, ... Read More


Asia-pacific Orthobiologics Market Forecast 2017-2025
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 1,250
...For the market study, the base year considered is 2016. Growing need for orthobiologics products in the region is up surging the growth of the Asia-Pacific orthobiologics market. MARKET INSIGHTS The Asia Pacific orthobiologics market ... Read More


Global Single-use Negative Pressure Wound Therapy Devices Market 2017-2021
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 3,500
...It is suitable for treating low-to-moderate exuding wounds and delivers up to 80 mm Hg pressure. Ready-to-use dressings are available, thereby reducing the requirement for trained nurses. Small, discrete pumps make single-use NPWT more accessible ... Read More


Europe Orthobiologics Market Forecast 2017-2025
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 1,250
...base year considered for the market study is 2016. Development of technology in European countries is the primitive factor influencing the growth of the orthobilogics market in Europe region. MARKET INSIGHTS The Europe orthobiologics market ... Read More


Global Ostomy Drainage Bags Market 2017-2021
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 3,500
...or any other cell debris. Ostomy surgeries in hospitals and other healthcare facilities increase the demand for ostomy drainage bags among inpatients. Inpatients, who may have undergone ostomies and have fresh stomas, require their drainage ... Read More


North America Orthobiologics Market Forecast 2017-2025
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 1,250
...forecast period. The base year deliberated for the study of the orthobiologics market is 2016. The rise in the orthobiologics material and increasing demand for spinal fusion surgeries are driving the orthobiologics market in North ... Read More


Global Orthobiologics Market Forecast 2017-2025
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 2,500
...a CACR of 6.97% between 2017-2027. The base year considered for the market study is 2016. The forecast period is 2017-2025. Evolvement in orthobiologics has led to the development of tissue regeneration products and bone ... Read More


Global Dental Implant And Prosthetics Market Forecast 2017-2025
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 2,500
...revenue generated by the market is expected to increase from $8696 million in 2016 to $17307 million by 2025. The major factors driving the growth of the market are the increasing incidences of dental caries, ... Read More


Global Dental Surgical Equipment Market 2017-2021
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 3,500
...of the oral and maxillofacial region, or damage due to any injury or defect involving soft and hard tissues. It can be as simple as a tooth extraction or as complex as a dental implant. ... Read More


Global Flexible Endoscopes Market 2017-2021
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 3,500
...endoscopes are used in diagnosis and treatment. Flexible endoscopes are relatively safe, and are widely used in the fields of gastrointestinal; gynecology; ear, nose, and throat (ENT); urology; and laparoscopy. Flexible endoscopes market is driven ... Read More


Global Analgesic Infusion Pumps Market 2017-2021
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 3,500
...such as cerebral palsy, spinal cord injury (SCI), cancer, sickle cell anemia, and medical conditions like labor pain, accident and trauma, post-surgical pain, and trigger pain can be relieved by analgesic infusion pumps. Technavio’s analysts ... Read More


The Global Neurostimulation Device Market Forecast 2017-2025
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 2,500
...of 2017-2025. Its net worth is estimated to rise up to $4004 million by the end of 2025. The fact that these devices aid in the therapeutic activation for many neurological diseases is majorly driving ... Read More


Hearable Devices Market by Product ((Headset (Traditional Headset, Earbuds), Headphone, and Hearing Aids (Smart, Regular)), Technology (Bluetooth, Wi-Fi), Application (Consumer, Healthcare), and Geography - Global Forecast to 2023
Jul 18, 2017  | USD 5,650
...grow at a CAGR of 9.98% between 2017 and 2023” The hearable devices market has entered the growth phase and is expected to grow further in the coming years. The market is expected to be ... Read More


Temperature Management Market by Product (Surface & Intravascular Systems - Warming & Cooling), Application (Acute & Perioperative Care), End User (Surgeon & Anesthesiologist), Medical Specialties (Pediatric, Orthopedic, Neurology) - Forecast to 2022
Jul 17, 2017  | USD 5,650
...temperature management market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 2.5% from 2017 to 2022, to reach USD 2.72 billion by 2022. Rising geriatric population, rising incidence of chronic conditions, and development of technologically ... Read More


Europe Medical Devices Report Q3 2017
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 1,345
...growth driven by robust fixed investment. The six main product areas will record mid singledigitCAGRs in weighted local currency terms, making Europe the slowest growing region in the globalmedical device market. Due to local currency ... Read More


Global Orthodontic Equipment and Consumables Market 2017-2021
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 3,500
...harder to keep clean, and are always at risk of being lost early because of tooth decay and periodontal diseases. Orthodontic treatment provides multiple benefits that include a healthier mouth, a more pleasing appearance, and ... Read More


Global Portable Medical Equipment Market 2017-2021
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 3,500
...includes patient monitoring devices, medical imaging devices, insulin pumps, and hearing aids. They are designed to monitor and treat the disorders at an earlier stage. The advent of various smart technologies and wireless capabilities makes ... Read More


Global Breastfeeding Supplies Market 2017-2021
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 3,500
...These supplies may also be used to stimulate lactation in mothers with irregular milk flow. The global breastfeeding supplies market is expected to witness a significant growth during the forecast period due to multiple drivers ... Read More


Latin America Medical Devices Report Q3 2017
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 1,345
...continue tobe the best performer, despite threats posed by trade negotiations, particularly between Mexico and the US.The MERCOSUR region will be driven by Brazil, but hindered by market restrictions in Venezuela. We have revised our ... Read More


Middle East And North Africa Medical Devices Report Q3 2017
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 1,345
...growth due to macroeconomic imbalancesderived from lower oil prices, particularly in GCC markets. Despite its slowdown, Saudi Arabia willcontinue to lead the GCC market, while Iran will spearhead the non-GCC market. The UAE will remain ... Read More


Asia Medical Devices Report Q3 2017
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 1,345
...aslightly weaker outlook for India, where growth rates will moderate, reflecting an increasingly competitiveoperating environment. Growth from increased patient volumes due to expanding healthcaresystems, ageing demographics and the rising incidence of chronic diseases will be ... Read More


Sub-Saharan Africa Medical Devices Report Q3 2017
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 1,345
...for most countries, including South Africawhich dominates the market. The market will remain reliant on imports and international aid and funding,therefore multinationals will continue to strengthen their presence. Overall, the main six product segmentswill record ... Read More



< prev 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
  next > 




Start New Browse


Consumer Goods
Food & Beverage
Heavy Industry
Life Sciences
Marketing & Market Research
Public Sector
Service Industries
Technology & Media
 Company Reports
Reports by Country
View all Market Areas
View all Publishers




































