










 


 

- Ecofin Limited's involvement in venture capital (via Ecofin Global Renewables Infrastructure Fund Lp)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/233413-ecofin-limited-section=people&subsection=detail&id=233413




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


-Ecofin LimitedGet alertedif - Ecofin Limited gets funded!- Ecofin LimitedEcofin Global Renewables Infrastructure Fund Lp - PromoterDeals involving - Ecofin Limited$24,680,000 raised with Ecofin Global Renewables Infrastructure Fund Lp on November, 2015$10,300,000 raised with Ecofin Global Renewables Infrastructure Fund Lp on November, 2015Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check - Ecofin Limited on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!




Ecofin Global Renewables Infrastructure Fund LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Ecofin Limited  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Ecofin Global Renewables Infrastructure Fund LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Ecofin North American Gp Ltd Ugland House, Po Box 309 
    Grand Cayman, E9, KY1-1104Phone: 44-207-451-2929 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-28


Amended


$24,680,000


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-11-25


New


$24,680,000


$24,680,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Ecofin Limited 
 Promoter 


 Ecofin North American General Partner Ltd 
 Promoter 


 Jean Conrad Hottinger 
 Director 


 John Murray 
 Director 


 Martin Negre 
 Director 













Ecofin | OUR SERVICES
































HOME


ABOUT ECOFIN


ABOUT ECOFIN


OUR INVESTMENT PHILOSOPHY


PEOPLE


RESPONSIBLE INVESTMENT


MEDIA CENTRE


AWARDS




OUR SERVICES


ASSET MANAGEMENT


CLOSED-END FUNDS


FUNDS




OUR SPECIALISATION


CONTACT US










HOME


ABOUT ECOFIN


OUR SERVICES
ASSET MANAGEMENT

CLOSED-END FUNDS

FUNDS



OUR SPECIALISATION


CONTACT US



Search Keywords
 








OUR SERVICES

Ecofin manages a number of separately incorporated funds pursuing both long-only and long/short hedge fund strategies in addition to managing segregated accounts for institutional and substantial investors. These funds are:  Ecofin Water & Power Opportunities plc is an authorised UK investment trust (a closed-end fund) which invests in the global utilities sector.  Its ordinary shares, subscription shares, convertible unsecured loan stock and zero dividend preference shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange. The investment trust was established in February 2002. Additional information on this fund is available on this website.  Ecofin China Power & Infrastructure Fund Limited is a long/short equity fund with a long bias which invests in companies involved in the development of infrastructure in China with a particular emphasis on the electric power, renewable energy, other utility and transportation industries. The fund was established in July 2009, is unregulated and is available only to qualified investors.  For more information on this fund, please contact Ecofin.Ecofin Global Long/Short Fund is a UCITs sub-fund domiciled in Ireland. The Fund is a long/short equity fund that iinvests in four sub-sectors: North American utilities, European utilities, global oil and gas, and global renewable energy. The Fund was launched in February 2011. For more information on this fund, please contact Ecofin.








Ecofin Limited is authorised and registered by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). Site Delivered by Investis


2017 Ecofin. All Rights Reserved
Disclaimer |
Accessibility |
Sitemap












Ecofin | ECOFIN FUNDS



































HOME


ABOUT ECOFIN


ABOUT ECOFIN


OUR INVESTMENT PHILOSOPHY


PEOPLE


RESPONSIBLE INVESTMENT


MEDIA CENTRE


AWARDS




OUR SERVICES


ASSET MANAGEMENT


CLOSED-END FUNDS


FUNDS




OUR SPECIALISATION


CONTACT US











Search Keywords
 








ECOFIN FUNDS

Ecofin Vista Long/Short Fund Limited is an open-ended hedge fund incorporated in the Cayman Islands.  The Fund's objective is to provide its investors with good absolute returns. The Fund invests in listed equity securities of global companies affected by an increasing drive towards energy efficiency, changes in energy policies and technological advances.  The fund invests mainly in North America, Europe and Asia into liquid listed equities.The Team takes a sustainable approach to investing.  They believe that adding a critical layer of ESG analysis to investment decisions, mitigating climate change-related tail risks through a fossil free portfolio and influencing corporate behaviour by engaging with companies' managements, will deliver the best risk adjusted returns for investors.  The Fund strategy is fundamental. It is managed with a low net exposure and is targeting returns that are uncorrelated to equity-markets, alongside moderate volatility. There is a strong emphasis on downside protection and preservation of capital. The investment process starts with top down macro analysis identifying key industry, regulatory, technology and environmental themes and concludes with fundamental bottom-up research, including ESG research, to assess specific company outlooks.The fund was established in December 2012, is unregulated and is available only to qualified investors.  Ecofin Global Renewable Infrastructure Fund Limited is an open-ended long only fund incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The fund invests in public equity securities of global companies owning predominantly carbon-free electricity generating assets. These companies offer a stable dividend due to the nature of the underlying assets and in addition offer the possibility of strong capex driven growth.  The underlying assets are typically fully contracted with high credit rated counterparties. The fund invests mainly in North America, Europe and Asia.The Team takes a sustainable approach to investing. They believe that adding a critical layer of ESG analysis to investment decisions and influencing corporate behaviour by engaging with companies' managements, will deliver the best risk adjusted returns for our investors.  In addition there is a recognition that long-term ownership, informed by fundamentals, of renewable power generating assets will contribute to the transition to a clean carbon economy.  The power generation sector accounts for 30% of global carbon emissions, is highly capital intensive, and therefore large corporate investment into renewable power generating assets is critical to achieve deployment plans needed. Increased renewable asset deployment leads directly to lower global carbon emissions.  The fund was established in November 2015, is unregulated and is available only to qualified investors.  For more information on these funds please contact us on info@ecofin.co.uk 








Ecofin Limited is authorised and registered by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). Site Delivered by Investis


2017 Ecofin. All Rights Reserved
Disclaimer |
Accessibility |
Sitemap











  Ecofin China Power & Infrastructure Fund









































FR























×
Member Sign In


Online Member Centre

Cision Communications Cloud

Cision PR Edition

CisionPoint

MediaSource Monitoring/Evaluation

Visible Intelligence

FastFinder

My CNW

CNW Access

Register for my CNW



Close










×
Search




Search



 Go !








 Advanced Search 


 Close 

















 See more news releases in      Utilities   Banking & Financial Services  

Ecofin China Power & Infrastructure Fund




























































 


















    LONDON, June 2 /CNW/ - Ecofin is pleased to announce the launch of the
Ecofin China Power &amp; Infrastructure Fund at the beginning of June 2009. The
fund is designed to generate compelling risk-adjusted returns in greater
China, building on the firm's global expertise in infrastructure and utilities
investing. The fund seeks to generate absolute returns with lower volatility
than the Chinese market through dynamic portfolio construction based on macro
and fundamental research.
    The Chinese government is in the midst of a massive upgrade of the
country's infrastructure focusing on transportation network, renewable energy,
and utility generation and distribution assets in the utility space. The
build-out of China's infrastructure and the transformation of the country's
energy consumption mix will be among the most important global investment
themes in the years to come, as China is set to become the world's largest
economy within a decade. In the short term the $586b stimulus spending package
with the majority going into infrastructure and energy space accelerates the
sector's long term growth and at the same time provides catalysts and
dispersion among the sub sectors.
    "In this environment the Fund will seek to profit from a number of
specific opportunities in the infrastructure and power universe. The secular
growth opportunity, visibility of cash flows, and the asset-backed nature of
the companies favour the risk profile of the sector, while the dispersion of
returns will provide fertile ground for long and short tactical allocation,"
said Bernard Lambilliotte, CIO of Ecofin.
    The long-biased long-short Fund will range between 20% and 100% net long,
with a max of 150% gross and no financial leverage. The fund will invest
mainly in large cap stocks, and will have monthly liquidity with 30 days
redemption notice.

    About Ecofin

    Ecofin is a leading specialist in the utilities and infrastructure
sectors worldwide, managing $3.4 billion across a range of hedge funds and
long-only funds and mandates. A portion of the funds is already invested in
China. Ecofin has a global team of 25 utility specialists, four of whom
specialize in China. Ecofin was founded in 1992, is SEC-registered and
FSA-regulated, and has offices in London, New York, Hong Kong and Geneva.

    This press release is being issued by Ecofin Limited ("the Investment
Manager").

    This press release does not constitute or form part of any offer to issue
or sell, or any solicitation of any offer to subscribe or purchase, any shares
in the Ecofin China Power &amp; Infrastructure Fund ("shares") nor shall it or the
fact of its distribution form the basis of, or be relied on in connection
with, any contract therefore. Recipients of this press release who intend to
apply for or purchase shares are reminded that any such application or
purchase may be made solely on the basis of the information and opinions
contained in the Fund's offering documents which may be different from the
information and opinions contained in this press release. No representation,
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is given as to the accuracy or
completeness of the information or opinions contained in this press release by
the Investment Manager and no liability is accepted by the Investment Manager
for the accuracy or completeness of any such information or opinions.




 For further information:  
For further information: on the Ecofin China Power & Infrastructure
Fund, and our full asset management capabilities, please feel free to contact
Vincent Barnouin or the Marketing Team on +44(0)20-7451-2929 or
info@ecofin.co.uk









  Release contains wide tables.
					  View fullscreen.
			




 Organization Profile








ECOFIN LIMITED
 More on this organization
 







Custom Packages
Browse our custom packages or build your own to meet your unique communications needs.
Start today.




CNW Membership
Fill out a CNW membership form or contact us at 1 (877) 269-7890




Learn about CNW services
Request more information about CNW products and services or call us at 1 (877) 269-7890


















































  ECOGRIF Quote - Ecofin Global Renewables Infrastructure Fund Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Ecofin Global Renewables Infrastructure Fund Ltd   ECOGRIF:KY          110.85USD         As of 12:00 AM EST 2/22/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   101.81 - 110.85                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         52Wk Range   101.81 - 110.85    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Multiple Region    Asset Class Focus   Equity    Geographic Focus   Multi    NAV (on 02/22/2017)   110.85    Total Assets (USD) (on -)   -    Inception Date   11/02/2015    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   0.80%    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   Ecofin Global Renewable Infrastructure Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in the Cayman Islands.The Fund's objective is to deliver a positive total return by investing in listed companies owning power generation assets and grids, primarily in North America, Europe and Asia.The Fund invests in companies with predictable cash flows, highly contracted assets.    Address  Ecofin LtdBurdett House15 Buckingham StreetLondon WC2N 6DUUnited Kingdom   Phone  44-20-7451-2929   Website   -              







 













The Interview - Bernard Lambilliotte, Ecofin: "We expect explosive development in China's renewable energy sectors" | Property Funds World










































Contact
About Us / Media
Ad guidelines
Cookies
 
 


Login
Register
 
 










Sign up for free newsletter 





Market Trends




 





news

Special Reports

Directory

Guides

Events

Training

Jobs




 





HomeInterviewsEquity Long Short

  


Tweet  

Tweet  





The Interview - Bernard Lambilliotte, Ecofin: "We expect explosive development in China's renewable energy sectors"

Tue, 18/08/2009 - 22:48 
Tags
						: 
Equity Long Short











Bernard Lambilliotte, chief investment officer of specialist utilities and infrastructure investor Ecofin, says the firm's newly-launched China Power & Infrastructure Fund is well poised to capitalise on the growth opportunities arising from China's USD586bn stimulus spending, much of which is being directed toward the infrastructure and energy space. GFM: What is the background to your company and fund? BL: Ecofin is a leading specialist in the utilities and infrastructure sectors worldwide, managing over USD3bn across a range of hedge funds, long-only funds and mandates, and invests through both public equities and private situations. The firm has a global team of 25 utility specialists, four of whom specialise in China. Ecofin was founded in 1992 and has offices in London, New York, Hong Kong and Geneva. The Ecofin China Power & Infrastructure Fund is the latest addition to Ecofin's global utilities investment platform. The fund pursues a long-biased long/short equity strategy and focuses on investment in large-cap, liquid public equities. It aims to generate compelling risk-adjusted returns in greater China and capitalise on the long-term growth potential in China's utility and infrastructure space. The fund seeks to generate absolute returns through dynamic portfolio construction and sector allocation based on macro and fundamental research. The fund was launched on July 1 with a starting capital of USD63m. Before the launch, Ecofin was already investing some of its assets in China though its global funds. GFM: Who are your key service providers? BL: The key service providers for the Ecofin China Power & Infrastructure Fund are Morgan Stanley International and Deutsche Bank as custodians and prime brokers, Citi Hedge Fund Services (Ireland) as administrator, Ernst & Young as auditor, and Simmons & Simmons in the UK and Maples and Calder in Cayman as legal advisers. GFM: Have there been any recent changes to the management team? BL: For the firm overall, the only change to the team has been the addition of David Silverstein in New York earlier this year. He came from Merrill Lynch where he was the no. 1 analyst in utilities high-yield debt as ranked by Institutional Investor for four of the past five years. He brings strong fixed-income expertise to our specialised utilities team. GFM: How and where do you distribute your funds? What is the profile of your current and targeted client base? BL: For the firm in general, we have long-term relationships across the investor spectrum. We have more than 200 current investors, spread fairly evenly between North America, Europe and Asia. Around 50 per cent of our hedge fund assets under management come from private banks and family offices, with the rest from funds of funds and institutional clients. We continue to work with a sovereign wealth fund, managing a custom long-only mandate, and we are developing strong relationships with more institutions, especially as we will reach the five-year anniversary for our Global Utilities Hedge Fund in October. The China Power & Infrastructure Fund will be distributed globally. GFM: What is your investment process? BL: As with our other funds, the China Power & Infrastructure investment team combines top-down macro analysis and bottom-up company fundamental research in making investment decisions and develops investment thesis using both catalyst events and mismatches between valuation and stock price. On the macro side, the investment team takes into consideration a range of factors such as economic activities, interest rates, commodity prices and the regulatory environment, and assesses the sensitivity of sub-sectors to each of these macro drivers. The team also leverages Ecofin's global platform as well as the firm's dedicated commodity research efforts. The investment team is split between London and Hong Kong and frequently meets with companies in China. Both absolute and relative valuation metrics are considered in making investment decisions. GFM: How do you generate ideas for your funds? BL: Ecofin's investment strategy in China focuses on sub-sector allocations. The team develops a detailed understanding of the sub-sectors and isolates key macro and fundamental drivers for each. The team also spends time looking at each company, including management visits, in order to understand key fundamental drivers. The combination of top-down and bottom-up views leads to a clearly articulated view on sub-sectors that inform our sub-sector allocations. We have often found our specialist angle enables us to establish views that differ from market consensus, and to identify catalysts and valuation arbitrage opportunities. GFM: What is your approach to managing risk? BL: The China Power & Infrastructure Fund employs Ecofin's existing risk management process and technology infrastructure. The risk team monitors the portfolio in terms of beta exposure, leverage and long-short ratios. Quantitative models are run to assess the portfolio's exposure to a range of factors such as the broader equity market movement and commodity prices. GFM: How has your recent performance compared with your expectations and track record? BL: The existing investments in China within the global hedge fund portfolio have delivered performance for the year to date more than 10 per cent higher than the broader Chinese market performance, but with 70 per cent of the volatility. Going forward we expect the fund to continue to produce superior risk-adjusted returns. GFM: What opportunities are you looking at right now? BL: The majority of China's ongoing USD586bn stimulus spending will go into the infrastructure and energy space, which accelerates long-term growth and also provides catalysts and dispersion among the sub-sectors. GFM: What events do you anticipate in your sector in the year ahead? BL: We will continue to witness the growth effect generated by China's stimulus spending efforts. We expect to see further market liberalisation of many-heavily regulated sectors, and tariff reforms as lower commodity prices and an inflationary environment create good conditions for a smoother transition to a more market-driven system. Furthermore, we expect explosive development in the renewable energy sectors. The new renewable energy development targets that the government is setting will drive China's domestic investment in the sector, while at the same time global demand will provide huge opportunities for China's low-cost equipment manufacturers. GFM: How will these developments affect your own portfolio? BL: We see exciting opportunities both on a long-biased basis in selective sectors but also dispersions among sub-sectors and companies. The portfolio will have a clear overweight toward sectors that we believe are likely to benefit from upward tariff adjustments and high growth, as well as winners in the renewable energy space. GFM: Are investors' expectations moving towards capital preservation? BL: Our investment universe covers the entire value chain from cyclical upstream suppliers to defensive downstream asset operators. The defensive portion of our universe, which consists of traditional utility companies, tends to outperform the market in downturns. Hence if we take a more conservative outlook on the market, we can still manage capital in a way that delivers superior risk-adjusted returns in the market. Overall we do believe that capital preservation and risk management have become more important since the credit crisis. However, the defensive characteristics of fund allocations in China, despite the rally this year, is reassuring in the sense that there is capital available to be allocated and any correction is unlikely to be too long or too deep. GFM: What differentiates you from other managers in your sector? BL: There is a lack of specialisation in China's equity market, and very few sector specialist funds at the moment. This provides a great opportunity for us to extract alpha on companies and industries. Ecofin has longstanding experience investing in the sectors worldwide and it is the same expertise and understanding of these industries that we are trying to apply to China. By investing in US and European companies that form part of the same value chain as Chinese companies, Ecofin forms a more rounded understanding of the demand supply situation for the Chinese companies. Our global commodity market research is also very relevant to their fundamentals. GFM: Do you foresee problems in raising mandates from investors through 2009? If so, what factors will drive investors back to your funds? BL: Investors are very cautious and many are facing liquidity constraints themselves. Capital is scarcer in the current environment, and liquidity is becoming a primary concern for investors. In this environment, Ecofin's China fund provides investors with dedicated exposure to China's infrastructure and utility space, high liquidity (monthly with 30 days' notice) and no financial leverage on capital. China, especially through our sectors, offers a rare spot of counter-cyclical and consistent growth as well as dispersion opportunity amid the global economic slowdown. We believe the supportive macro backdrop combined with Ecofin's specialist fundamental investment approach will enable us to achieve attractive returns. GFM: Do you have any plans for other product launches in the near future? BL: We continue to think about how we can generate profits for our investors, using our specialist investor knowledge across the industries that we cover and across capital structures. We believe there are some great opportunities in renewables, where we are already quite active, and in credit, where we have recently added to our team.







Like this article ? Get the free daily newsletter



print
email
 



 







Furtherreading
	

from Property Funds World  
Olivier Mollé and Gilles Sitbon, Sycomore Asset Management: “Basel III and Solvency II should be a game-changer for the way banks and insurers manage their capital reserves”
Mon 27/08/2012 - 09:36


Kilian Kentrup, Entrepreneur Partners: “Cultural understanding is an important advantage when using direct contact with management to interpret business decisions”
Wed 08/08/2012 - 12:03


Julien Stouff, Pictet Asset Management: “The purchase of convexity positions protect against and profit from major market moves”
Tue 22/05/2012 - 17:59


Jonathan Gordon, MET Capital Management: “We expect stocks to respond more to micro and fundamental aspects, which should be favourable for our strategy”
Mon 09/04/2012 - 17:36


Athanasios Ladopoulos, Swiss Investment Managers: “Directors’ share transactions should continue to provide ample investment opportunities”
Mon 17/10/2011 - 08:27



 
 







 







features 


Guides 
 
2017 Guide to setting up an Alternative Investment Fund in Europe
Wed, 2017-06-21 17:28

 
 
Guide to Relocation 2017
Mon, 2017-02-20 14:43

 

Special Reports 
 
Cybersecurity in Europe 2017
Wed, 2017-07-12 12:59

 
 
Mitigating compliance risk for PE managers
Thu, 2017-07-20 10:29

 
 
MiFID II: Meeting the compliance challenge
Sat, 2017-05-13 14:24

 
 
Cayman Alternative Investment Summit 2017
Wed, 2017-05-03 12:57

 
 
Bermuda Fund Services 2017
Fri, 2017-03-24 10:55

 
 
Ireland Alternative Investment Fund Services
Mon, 2017-02-06 10:29

 
 
Real estate decarbonisation: Strategies for enhanced investment value and green credentials
Tue, 2016-12-06 10:17

 
 
Cybersecurity for fund managers 2016
Wed, 2016-07-13 23:35


 
 
 







 












events

 Total Alts 
 Thursday, September 7, 2017 - 00:00  

 Catalyst Cap Intro: L/S Equity | Event Driven Investing 
 Monday, September 18, 2017 - 12:30  

 ALTSO’s 6th Annual Rocktoberfest 
 Thursday, October 5, 2017 - 18:00  

 Catalyst Cap Intro: Credit | Fixed Income Alternative Investing 
 Monday, October 16, 2017 - 12:30  

 The African Real Estate and Infrastructure Summit 
 Wednesday, October 25, 2017 - 09:00  

All Events



 
 






training

 International Trade Finance – Dubai 
 Sun, 2017-09-10 00:00  

 International Securities Settlements & Custodial Services - Dubai 
 Tue, 2017-09-12 00:00  

 EMIR 
 Fri, 2017-09-15 00:00  

 International Payments 
 Mon, 2017-10-02 00:00  

 Strategic Corporate Governance - Kuwait 
 Tue, 2017-10-10 22:00  

All Courses



 
 






listingsdirectory

 Augentius  
 Thu, 2017-07-06 13:44  

 IKONIC Fund Services Ltd. 
 Tue, 2016-11-29 11:28  

 Backstop Solutions Group 
 Tue, 2016-11-08 17:44  

 The Gemini Companies 
 Mon, 2016-10-17 12:51  

 FundCount LLC 
 Tue, 2016-10-04 10:30  

More Directories



 
 











specialreports

		Stay connected
		











   

   

   

   

   



    More  

 


other gfm  publications



 



News
Special Reports
Guides
Events
Directory
Jobs

Copyright © 2017 GFM Ltd. All Rights Reserved





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Ecofin Global Utilities and Infrastructure[...] (via Public) / Ecofin Global Utilities and Infrastructure Trust plc - Quoted Data Research Report



























                        Hello .
                    


 United States 







News


International News


Education


Environment


Healthcare


Technology


Internet




Science


Social and Non-Profit


Local News




Politicsand Policy


Government


Politics


Local Government


International Policy




Businessand Economy


Economy


Finance


Stock Markets




Jobs and Labor


Company News


Industry News


Aerospace


Agriculture


Chemicals


Commodities


Construction


Consumer Electronics


Defense


Energy


Nuclear Energy


Oil and Gas


Renewable Energy




Financial Services


Banking


Insurance




Fishing and Aquaculture


Manufacturing


Information Technology


Metals and Mining


Pharmaceuticals and Biotechnology


Real Estate


Professional and Business Services


Legal




Telecommunications


Tobacco


Retail


Transportation


Air Transportation


Maritime Transportation


Rail Transportation


Road Transportation




Utilities


Forestry and Wood Industry






Artsand Culture


Art


Books and Literature


Entertainment


Cinema


Media


Radio and Television




Music






Lifestyleand Leisure


Automotive


Home and Garden


Fashion and Luxury


Clothing and Textile




Food


Travel and Hospitality


Boating and Yachting




Sports


Baseball


Basketball


Boxing


Cricket


Cycling


Football (American)


Football (Australian)


Football (Soccer)


Golf


Hockey


Racing


Rugby


Sailing


Skiing and Winter Sports


Tennis


Volleyball











noodls browser compatibility check

The security settings of your browser are blocking the execution of scripts.
To use noodls, javascript support must be enabled. Please change your browser's security settings to enable javascript.
If you have changed your browser's security settings, you can click here.






related announcements
Local News


The Office of the Governor of the[...]
Governor Wolf Celebrates Opening of Compressed Natural Gas station in[...]


Planned Parenthood Federation of[...]
Planned Parenthood Slams “Skinny Repeal,” Which Includes Defunding, As[...]


New York State Division of State[...]
State Police arrest Pittsfield man and Columbia County woman for kidnapping


More
Finance


Home Loan Financial Corporation
HLFC Reports Earnings for the Quarter and Year Ended June 30, 2017


Sigma Designs Inc.
Sigma Designs Announces the Engagement of Financial Advisor to Explore[...]


Manning & Napier Inc.
Manning & Napier, Inc. Announces Quarterly Dividend


More











search






















Ecofin Global Utilities and Infrastructure Trust plc



05/23/2017 | Press release | Distributed by Public on 05/23/2017 08:56
Ecofin Global Utilities and Infrastructure Trust plc - Quoted Data Research Report







QuotedData


      Initiation | Investment companies 23 May2017


      Ecofin Global Utilities and Infrastructure Trust
    

      Structural growth, low volatility and high income
    




            12% per annum to shareholders over time. These
          

            sectors are traditionally less volatile than global equities
          



            Share price and discount
          

            Time period 26/09/2016 to 19/05/2017
          





            in general, and the manager expects strong demand for
          



            140
          



            0
          





            infrastructure spending globally and attractive returns
          



            130
          



            -5
          





            for providers of capital. EGL, with its focus on growth,
          



            120
          



            -10
          





            capital preservation and a high level of income (EGL
          



            110
          



            -15
          





            currently offers a yield of 5.2%), could be attractive to
          



            100
          



            -20
          




Ecofin Global Utilities and Infrastructure Trust (EGL) invests in utilities and other economic infrastructure equities (see definition on page 4) and is looking to deliver a total return (capital gains and income) of 6-
    

      investors looking for stable income. The current discount of 12.9% may also offer an opportunity.
    

      Developed markets utilities and other economic infrastructure exposure
    

      EGL seeks to provide a high, secure dividend yield and to realise long‐ term growth, while taking care to preserve shareholders' capital, through investing principally in a portfolio of equity and equity‐related securities of utility and infrastructure companies which are listed on recognised stock exchanges in European countries, the United States and other developed, OECD countries. It targets a dividend yield of at least 4% per annum on its net assets, paid quarterly, and can use gearing to achieve this. The portfolio is invested entirely in securities that pay a yield.
    

      Sector
    

Sector specialist:


Utilities


      Ticker EGL LN


      Base currency GBP


      Price 122.00p


      NAV 140.04p


      Premium/(discount) (12.9%)


      Yield* 5.2%


      *Note: Yield assumes that EGL is able to at least maintain the quarterly dividend rate at 1.6p.
    

      Sep/16 Nov/16 Jan/17 Mar/17
    

      Price (LHS) Discount (RHS) Source: Morningstar, Marten & Co
    

      Performance since launch
    

      Time period 26/09/2016 to 30/04/2017
    

      120
    

      110
    

      100
    

      90
    

      80
    

      Sep/16 Nov/16 Jan/17 Mar/17
    

      Price (TR) NAV (TR) MSCI Wld Utils Source: Morningstar, Marten & Co
    

      Period ended
    

      Share price total return
    

      30/04/17* 11.0 (0.4) 2.2 11.4 8.0
    

      (%)
    

      NAV
    

      total return
    

      (%)
    

      MSCI
    

      World Utilities
    

      TR. (%)
    

      MSCI
    

      World total return
    

      (%)
    

      MSCI
    

      UK total return
    

      (%)
    

      Domicile United Kingdom


      Inception date 26 September 2016


      Manager Jean-Hugues de Lamaze


      Market cap 112.1m


Shares outstanding 91.9m


      Source: Morningstar, Marten & Co *Note performance is calculated from EGL's launch on 26 September 2016 to 30 April 2017.
    

      Daily vol. (average) 350.2k shares


      Net gearing 2.3%*




          as at 30 April 2017, including net balances due from brokers
        

          NB: this note has been prepared for Ecofin Global Utilities and Infrastructure Trust by Marten & Co and is for information purposes only. It is not intended to encourage the reader to deal in the security or securities mentioned in this report. Please read the important information at the back of this note. QuotedData is a trading name of Marten & Co Limited which is authorised and regulated by the FCA. Marten & Co is not permitted to provide investment advice to individual investors.
        

          Contents
        

4 Fund profile




Developed markets utilities and infrastructure exposure with an income and capital preservation focus


4 Ecofin Limited




Experienced lead manager: Jean-Hugues de Lamaze




5 Strategy has room to grow




UK listed utilities sector has shrunk during the past decade


6 Established as a rollover vehicle for Ecofin Water and Power Opportunities




No formal benchmark




6 Market outlook and valuations


6 Recent history and valuations


7 Global utilities and interest rate sensitivity




Manager's view


8 High demand for infrastructure spending globally




Investment process


9 Well-resourced team




Idea generation




10 Analysis




Catalysts are key to investment decisions


11 Portfolio construction




Top-down overlay


11 Risk management




Investment restrictions




12 Focus on stocks with above-average dividend growth


12 Asset allocation


13 Suez (4.9%)


14 Innogy (4.7%)


14 SSE (4.3%)




Williams Companies (3.7%)


15 Covanta (3.4%)




Performance




17 Quarterly dividend payments targeting at least 4% of NAV per annum




Discount/premium


18 Fees and expenses




Management fee


19 Secretarial and administrative services




Depositary and prime brokerage agreement




19 Allocation of fees and costs


19 Capital structure and trust life


      Contents (continued)
    

19 Simple capital structure




Diversified share register


20


Competitive borrowing facility provided by prime brokerage facility with


custodian




Unlimited life with a continuation vote by the end of June 2019


20 Financial calendar




The board




21 David Simpson




Ian Barby


21 Iain McLaren




Martin Nègre


Fund profile


          Developed markets utilities and other economic infrastructure exposure with an income and capital preservation focus‌
        

          Further information regarding EGL can be found at Ecofin Limited's website: www.ecofin.co.uk


          EGL has a strong focus on capital preservation.
        

          Ecofin Global Utilities and Infrastructure Trust Plc is a UK investment trust, listed on the main market of the London Stock Exchange (LSE). The trust invests globally in the equity and equity related securities of companies operating in the utility and other economic infrastructure sectors. Economic infrastructure comprises utilities (of all kinds), airports, roads, energy, transport and telecoms (excluded from EGL's remit) but excludes social infrastructure such as hospitals and schools. EGL is designed for investors who are looking for a high level of income, would like to see that income grow, wish to preserve their capital and have the prospect of some capital growth as well.
        

          Reflecting its capital preservation objective, EGL does not invest in start-ups, small businesses or illiquid securities, as these may involve significant technological or business risk. Instead, it invests in businesses in developed markets, which it says have 'defensive growth' characteristics: a beta less than the market average (beta is a measure of the volatility of a security or a portfolio in comparison to the market as a whole); dividend yield greater than the market average; forward looking earnings per share (EPS) growth; and strong cashflow generation.
        

          It also operates with a strict definition of utilities and infrastructure as follows:
        



              Electric and gas utilities and renewable operators and developers - companies engaged in the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity, gas, liquid fuels and renewable energy
            



              Transportation - companies that own and/or operate roads, railways, ports and airports
            



              Water and environment - companies operating in the water supply, wastewater, water treatment and environmental services industries.
            

              EGL does not invest in telecommunications companies or companies that own or operate social infrastructure assets funded by the public sector (for example schools, hospitals or prisons).
            

              Ecofin Limited are specialists in utilities, infrastructure, alternative energy and environmental sectors. ESG research is incorporated into the investment process.
            

Ecofin Limited


              EGL's portfolio is managed by Ecofin Limited (Ecofin). Founded in 1992, Ecofin is an independent London-based asset management firm that specialises in investing in the utilities, infrastructure, alternative energy and environmental sectors with assets under management of circa $1 billion. Ecofin has a strong focus on sustainable investing and environmental, social and governance (ESG) research is incorporated into the investment process across all of Ecofin's strategies (ESG research focuses on the environmental, social and governance aspects of a corporate's behaviour).
            

In addition to EGL and other external mandates, Ecofin also manages EF Realisation Limited (see next section); Ecofin Vista Long/Short Fund Limited (a Cayman Island domiciled open ended hedge fund investing in listed equity securities of global companies affected by an increasing drive towards energy efficiency, changes in energy policies and technological advances); and Ecofin Global Renewable Infrastructure Fund Limited (an open-ended long only Cayman Islands domiciled fund investing in the listed securities of global companies owning predominantly carbon-free electricity generating assets). Although related, all of these alternative vehicles offer markedly different strategies.
            

              Experienced lead manager: Jean-Hugues de Lamaze
            

Jean-Hugues de Lamaze is senior portfolio manager for EGL and was named a partner of Ecofin in May 2016, having joined in 2008. Jean-Hugues was also the senior portfolio manager for EGL's predecessor vehicle, Ecofin Water & Power Opportunities (see below for details) for the six months prior to the September 2016 reconstruction. He has also led Ecofin's European team for nine years. Previously, Jean-Hugues co- founded UV Capital LLP and served as its chief investment officer, oversaw the Goldman Sachs European Utilities research team and was a senior European analyst, and Head of French Research & Strategy, at Credit Suisse First Boston.
            

              Jean-Hugues is a non-executive board member of Direct Energie S.A., a CFAF certified analyst and a member of the French Financial Analysts Society. He completed the INSEAD International Executive Programme, graduated from the Paris based business school Institut Supérieur de Gestion and earned his LLB in Business Law from Paris II- Assas University.
            

              The manager believes EGL's strategy could be applied to a much larger fund. Expanding EGL's size should lower its ongoing charges ratio and improve liquidity in its shares.
            

Strategy has room to grow


              EGL had a market capitalisation of £112.1m and total net assets of £128.6m (as at 19 May 2017). The manager believes that its strategy could easily be applied to a much larger fund. EGL's board believe that its high income and 'defensive growth' characteristics should prove attractive to investors and allow EGL to attract new shareholders and grow its asset base over time. All things being equal, expanding the size of the trust should have the dual benefits of lowering the ongoing charges ratio, as fixed costs are spread over a wider base, and improving liquidity in EGL's shares.
            

UK listed utilities sector has shrunk during the past decade


              EGL is the only UK listed closed-end fund to offer developed markets utilities and other economic infrastructure exposure.
            

              The number of names in the listed utilities sector has shrunk considerably over the past decade through take-over activity, which has reduced the opportunity set for investors looking for domestic UK utilities exposure. EGL's manager says that, as a consequence, utilities exposure is under represented in the portfolios of UK investors (both institutional and retail) and that those looking for exposure need to look further afield. This is in marked contrast to the US where private client portfolios traditionally include some meaningful utilities exposure. The manager finds this surprising, given the usually high level of income and the stability of returns that utilities offer (utilities tend to offer stable returns as they engage in activities that are essential to the economy of which they are a part).
            

              There are two utilities focused funds, listed on the LSE - EGL and Premier Energy and Water Trust (PEW) and they are distinctly different propositions (they might even be considered to be potentially complementary allocations). PEW, which is also a client of Marten & Co, is smaller than EGL (its ordinary shares have a market capitalisation of
            

              £29.9m as at 19 May 2017), has a high level of structural gearing that is provided by zero dividend preference shares (ZDPs) and has a high allocation to higher growth emerging markets (44% as at 31 March 2017). In this regard, EGL, with its focus on developed market utilities and other economic infrastructure, offers a unique proposition in the UK listed closed-end funds space.
            

              Established as a rollover vehicle for Ecofin Water and Power Opportunities‌‌
            

              EGL was established in September 2016 as one of two rollover vehicles for Ecofin Water and Power Opportunities (EWPO). Like EGL, EWPO was a London listed closed- end fund, managed by Ecofin, that aimed to provide a high secure dividend yield and long-term capital growth. However, EWPO operated with a wider investment remit than EGL. Like EGL, EWPO also used gearing (borrowing or leverage) with the aim of enhancing income, but EWPO's gearing was structural and was provided via zero dividend preference shares (ZDPs) and convertible unsecured loan stock (CULS) while EGL's is all through its prime brokerage facility. EWPO invested in unquoted investments and had a greater capacity to invest in companies outside of the OECD (up to 20%).
            

              The second rollover vehicle for EWPO is EF Realisation Limited. This is listed on the LSE under the ticker 'EFR' and was established to hold the illiquid and unquoted assets that were owned by EWPO, prior to its reconstruction, with the aim of conducting an orderly realisation by 26 September 2018. The realisation is to be effected in a manner that seeks to achieve a balance between returning cash to shareholders and maximising the value of its portfolio. Ecofin remains the manager of this fund.
            

              At the time of EWPO's reconstruction, shareholders were offered a cash exit of up to 50% of EWPO's net assets less the cost of the reconstruction. More information on EWPO and EF Realisation can be found at the manager's website.
            

              No formal benchmark
            

              EGL does not have a formal benchmark and is not constructed with reference to any index.
            

              EGL does not have a formal benchmark and its portfolio is not constructed with reference to an index. However, for the purposes of comparison, EGL compares itself to the MSCI World Utilities Index, the MSCI World Index and the All-Share Index in its own literature. A similar approach has been used in this note although the MSCI UK Index has been used to represent the UK market. Of the three indices, the MSCI World Utilities is arguably the most relevant although it should be noted that this index has a strong bias towards US companies (59.1% as at 31 March 2017).
            

Market outlook and valuations


Recent history and valuations


As illustrated in Figures 1 and 2, global utilities have broadly underperformed global equity markets during the last five years. Much of this underperformance came during 2012 and 2013, which, as illustrated in Figure 2, was a period that saw global equity markets performing strongly. Relative performance was much more stable during 2014, but 2015 saw some sharper moves as markets became concerned about the outlook for China and its then inflated stock market. Early 2016 saw a marked improvement in relative performance as concerns over China came to a head, the prospect of interest rate rises receded and other concerns, such as the UK's referendum on EU membership and the US election, came to the fore. An improving global outlook has since seen global equity markets move up another leg so that global equity market valuations, based on price/earnings (P/E) ratios as illustrated in Figure 3, are close to five year highs. Global utility valuations, in comparison, are much less demanding.
            

              Figure 1: MSCI World Utilities/MSCI World, rebased to 100, over five years
            

              110
            

              100
            

              Broad trend of underperformance by global utilties as global outlook improves
            

              Recent trend of underperformance as markets have become more risk-on (an environment were investors move to riskier and potentially higher yielding investments) post Trump and Brexit
            

              Q1 2017
            

              outperformance as reflation trade moderates
            

              90
            

              80
            

              70
            

              May/12 Nov/12 May/13 Nov/13 May/14 Nov/14 May/15 Nov/15 May/16 Nov/16
            

              Source: Morningstar, Marten & Co.
            

              Figure 2: MSCI World and MSCI World Utilities Index performance rebased to 100 over five years
            

              Figure 3: MSCI World and MSCI World Utilities F12m P/E ratios over five years
            

              160
            

              150
            

              140
            

              130
            

              120
            

              110
            

              100
            




                    90
                  



                    10
                  





                    May/12
                  



                    May/13
                  



                    May/14
                  



                    May/15
                  



                    May/16
                  



                    May/12 May/13
                  



                    May/14 May/15
                  



                    May/16
                  




              MSCI World MSCI World Utilities
            

              20
            

              18
            

              16
            

              14
            

              12
            

              MSCI World F12m P/E MSCI World Utilities F12m P/E
            

              Source: Bloomberg, Marten & Co. Source: Bloomberg, Marten & Co.
            

              Reflecting this performance, both global equity market valuations and global utility valuations are now towards the top end of their five-year ranges although, of the two, global utility valuations are less demanding relative to their history. For example, as illustrated in Figure 3, the MSCI World Utilities Index was trading at a 12-month forward P/E ratio of 17.0x at 19 May 2017, this being 6.9% above its five-year average of 15.9x and 3.4% below its five-year high (five-year range: 14.1x to 17.6x). This compares with the MSCI World Index, which was trading at a 12-month forward P/E ratio of 17.2x, this being 9.6% above its five-year average of 15.7x and 5.5% below its five-year high (five- year range: 11.3x to 18.2x). As also illustrated in Figure 3, global utility valuations appear to be inherently less volatile than broader global equity markets.
            

Global utilities and interest rate sensitivity


              Rising interest rates are generally considered to be negative for equities, as an asset class, with utilities being at the more sensitive end of the spectrum. The conventional logic is that utilities tend to have stable cash flows and so can support higher levels of debt within their capital structures than many other equities. However, with higher levels of debt comes greater sensitivity of profits to changes in interest rates.
            

              In reality, the relationship may actually be more complicated. Taking a medium to longer term perspective, there is evidence to suggest that the correlation between the performance of the utilities sector and interest rates is weak. A simplistic view might say higher interest rates tend to depress the earnings of indebted companies, such as many utilities, and also increase the discount rate used by the market to ascribe a value to their future earnings, both depressing valuations. However, utilities are largely regulated businesses whose pricing is periodically reset through tariff reviews. Most regulators will allow interest rate movements to be passed through to the end user, thereby offsetting the longer-term impact of interest rate rises and allowing utilities to earn a real return reflective of market conditions. Similarly, in more inflationary environments, which are usually accompanied by rising interest rates, utilities are frequently permitted to increase their tariffs in nominal terms. Both effects will tend to have a positive impact on earnings and exert upward pressure on valuations. Other sectors may not benefit from such automatic adjustments. EGL's manager says that pure regulated utilities have some correlation to interest rates but globally, and especially in Europe, utilities tend to be diversified with a variety of business models and degrees of regulation.
            

              Looking forward, there is the prospect of further market volatility as interest rates move along the path towards normalisation. However, comparing utility valuations against the broader market suggest that some of this might already factored into current prices. The manager thinks that this could be an attractive entry point for the longer term investor, particularly given the prospect of increasing volatility in equity markets.
            

Manager's view


              Strong demand for infrastructure spending globally will support higher returns for providers of capital.
            

High demand for infrastructure spending globally


              Global infrastructure spending, in both developed and emerging markets, is forecast to grow strongly over the next decade or more. The manager expects that this high demand will allow providers of capital for infrastructure investments to earn higher returns.
            

              Figure 4: Global annual infrastructure investment Figure 5: Global power generation, transmission and
            

              distribution, forecast cumulative investment requirements (2014-2035)
            

              4500
            

              4000
            

              3500
            

              3000
            

              $bn
            

              2500
            

              2000
            

              1500
            

              1000
            

              500
            

              0
            

              2006 2009 2012 2015 2018E 2021E 2024E
            

              4
            

              3
            

              2
            

              1
            

              0
            

              Power plant Transmission and distribution
            

              Source: PWC, Outlook To 2025 Data Modeller Source: IEA, World Energy Investment Outlook 2014
            

              In the developed world, the average age of infrastructure assets has been rising steeply in recent years, aided by a period of austerity in the post financial crisis period. Increasingly there are calls to upgrade large swathes of transport, power, water and telecommunications infrastructure; to replace ageing infrastructure; to adapt it to the development of new technologies, notably renewable energy, and to support economic growth. Emerging markets, in comparison, already dedicate a large proportion of their GDP to developing infrastructure, but clearly further investment is required as they are still unable to meet the needs of large proportions of their populations. The manager points out that climate change and population growth also create their own challenges. Despite ever increasing efficiency, the world needs to produce more energy in a cleaner way. This is driving spending to alter the energy mix (a reduction in dirtier fossil fuels and nuclear power with an increase in renewables and shale gas).
            

Reflecting these developments, data from PWC's 'Outlook To 2025 Data Modeller' suggests a marked acceleration in annual investment in utilities and transportation (power, water, roads, rail, airports and ports) infrastructure during the next eight years (see Figure 4 above). Data from the International Energy Agency's World Energy Investment Outlook 2014 (See Figure 5) suggests that a significant portion of investment in power generation, transmission and distribution will occur in developed markets and China: North America and Europe combined account for just over 30% of global infrastructure spending between 2014 and 2035, while China should account for c 25%. The manager considers that this growth in capital expenditure is a very positive trend - capital expenditure is largely regulated and therefore guarantees a return on assets in the manager's view.
            

Investment process


              EGL's portfolio is managed using an investment process that is driven primarily by bottom up stock selection, based on extensive fundamental research of potential investments, which is coupled with a top down overlay that informs the overall geographical and sector positioning. Figure 6 provides an illustration of the investment universe.
            

              Figure 6: EGL's investment universe
            

              North America
            

              Pan-Europe Other
            

              Number of companies (approximately) 150 100 25


              Total market capitalisation $1,063bn $673bn $211bn


              Average yield (%) 3.5% 5.0% 3.1%


              Source: Ecofin Limited
            

Well-resourced team


              The portfolio manager, Jean-Hugues de Lamaze, is responsible for the construction of EGL's portfolio and individual stock selection decisions. He is supported by a team of six analysts who build and maintain valuation models, generate investment ideas and make recommendations to Jean-Hugues. Their research responsibilities are broken down along regional and sub-sector lines.
            

              The portfolio manager is also supported by a trader and a risk management team of two. The trader contributes to the investment process by suggesting potential trading ideas and analysing the technical aspects of potential trading activity. The risk management team analyses and monitors various aspects of risk relating to EGL's
            

              portfolio. This includes analysing correlations, monitoring position sizes and running portfolio simulations.
            

              Ecofin Limited is a recognised specialist in the utilities and infrastructure space.
            

Idea generation


              Ideas are generated through a number of sources, both quantitative and qualitative. Analysis of industry drivers and subsector trends direct the manager and analysts' research effort, informing where to look for potential opportunities.
            

              Further to this, Ecofin Limited is a recognised specialist in the utilities and infrastructure space. EGL's manager says that, because of its strong reputation, management teams of investee or potential investee companies are keen to meet the Ecofin team. EGL's manager says that this supports idea generation and, through its superior access to management teams, Ecofin is able to undertake superior analysis and gain stronger insight than a non-specialist manager might be able to achieve.
            

Analysis


              Ecofin Limited does not rely on sell-side analysts' estimates and, instead, conducts its own in house research and builds its own proprietary models. This allows it to identify situations where it has a different view to that of the market and where there may be a potential opportunity. A wide range of valuation metrics are used to make assessments of the risk/reward characteristics of potential investments. The choice of metrics reflects the needs of the various sub-sectors. The managers use what they describe as a 'multi- angle valuation approach' to build confidence in their estimates. Figure 7 illustrates the key valuation metrics used in the main subsectors in which EGL invests.
            



              Regulatory asset base (RAB) - Regulatory formula is used to derive future earnings. The manager assesses the premium/discount, to the RAB valuation, at which a company is trading.
            



              Discounted cash flow (DCF) is used in situations where a business generates visible and forecastable cash flow streams.
            



              Sum of the parts (SOTP) is used when a business has multiple divisions. It is used to measure hidden value and to assess the potential for value accretive disposals.
            



              Valuation multiples (Multiples) are used for more cyclical stocks. The manager looks to identify earnings and cash flow momentum and so focuses on forward looking metrics. The price-earnings ratio (P/E), cashflow per share and EV/EBITDA are all key.
            





      Figure 7: Key valuation metrics by sector
    




            Pure regulated utilities
          



            Environment
          



            Energy
          



            Transportation
          



            Renewable energy developers
          



            Engineering, procurement and construction contractor
          





            RAB
          



            Multiples
          



            SOTP
          



            SOTP
          



            Multiples
          



            Multiples
          





            DCF
          



            DCF
          



            DCF
          



            DCF
          



            DCF
          



            SOTP
          





            Multiples
          




      Source: Ecofin Limited
    

Catalysts are key to investment decisions


      Having identified a difference in its valuation of a stock versus the market, the manager then looks to identify suitable catalysts for the market to reshape its expectations about the stock. The manager says that is a key part of the investment process. The team may be able to identify a valuation anomaly, but this is of limited use if there is no
    

      opportunity to monetise the differential. Ideas are challenged amongst the investment team to ensure they have high conviction.
    

Portfolio construction


      EGL maintains a diversified portfolio of between 40 and 60 holdings. Position sizes will typically range between 1.25% and 5.0% and are determined by the manager's assessment of risk versus reward. A position could be outside these bounds where, for example, the manager is working to increase or reduce a holding or has a particularly strong view. However, the manager says he is disciplined in trimming holdings as they rise (although the formal limit is 15% of NAV, the manager says that 8% is his limit as he wants to avoid a situation where one position dominates the portfolio). The manager expects portfolio turnover per annum to be in the range of 40 to 80%.
    

      EGL's manager is not concerned with the split between utilities and infrastructure.
    

      When constructing the portfolio, no consideration is given to the split between utilities and infrastructure - the manager is looking for the best opportunities at any given time, but the manager likes to maintain a balance between regulated and unregulated exposures. The portfolio is constructed to have what the manager describes as 'defensive growth' characteristics. EGL's holdings currently have betas in the range of
    

      0.5 (e.g. UK regulated utilities) to 1.2 (e.g. renewable energy companies) with an average of circa 0.7.
    

      Analysis by the risk management team, discussed below, also influences portfolio construction.
    

Top-down overlay


      Top down macroeconomic analysis informs the shape of EGL's portfolio in terms of geographic and sectoral positioning. Consideration is given to:
    



          Differing regulatory regimes and trends in legislation
        



          Government energy policies
        



          Demand growth
        



          Energy commodity prices
        



          Industry capex trends
        



          Credit market conditions and ease of access
        



          Interest rates.
        



Risk management


      The risk team works closely with the portfolio manager to assist in investment decisions. It has automated in-house tools that provide real-time risk monitoring and details of exposures. The team monitors hard risk limits, guidelines and typical ranges, and uses a traffic light system to indicate which limits are coming under pressure. Where a position moves to 'orange' the risk management team will work with Jean-Hugues to move the position back to green. Key metrics for the traffic light system are portfolio beta (a measure of a portfolio's volatility relative to the market), volatility, dividend yield and liquidity.
    

      The risk team also analyses potential biases within the portfolio (geography, sector, market cap, momentum and valuations); exposures to key risk factors (e.g. correlations to energy, interest rates etc.); conducts scenario analysis; and stress tests the portfolio.
    

      Investment restrictions
    

      It is expected that EGL will primarily invest in the UK, Continental Europe, the US, Canada and other OECD countries. However, its articles of association state that EGL can invest up to 10% of its portfolio in non-OECD countries. The company is permitted to invest up to 10% of its assets in debt securities and a significant portion may be comprised of cash from time to time.
    

      EGL is also permitted to invest up to 15% of its portfolio in other collective investment schemes, including UK investment companies, but it is not permitted to invest in vehicles that are also managed by its own investment manager. No single position can exceed 15% of the portfolio, at the time of investment, although the manager takes a more conservative approach, limiting investments to a maximum of 8% of NAV.
    

      EGL does not invest in unquoted equities. Furthermore, it does not invest in unlisted securities save for certain bond or derivative instruments which are typically not listed.
    

      EGL does not invest in telecommunications companies; companies which own or operate social infrastructure assets funded by the public sector (for example schools, hospitals or prisons); or early stage listed companies which involve significant technological or business risk.
    

      Although not a formal requirement, all of EGL's holdings pay a yield (currently at least 2%). EGL's manager say that non-yielding companies do not typically meet their investment requirements.
    

      EGL is permitted to use currency hedging instruments, but usually its portfolio is unhedged.
    

      Focus on stocks with above-average dividend growth
    

      All of EGL's holdings pay a yield. The manager is expecting dividend growth, for the portfolio, of 6.1% per annum over the next five years.
    

      The manager invests in companies that he expects to exhibit strong dividend growth characteristics. Having modelled dividends across EGL's entire portfolio, the manager estimates a compound annual growth rate of 6.1% over the next five years. Two-year EPS growth is 6.0%, which is below the market average of 10.8%.
    

      Asset allocation
    

      Figure 8: Geographic allocation as at 31 March 2017 Figure 9: Sub-sector allocation as at 31 March 2017
    

      Emerging markets
    

      Renewables
    

      Other OECD 6.0%
    

      4.7%
    

      / yieldcos
    

      16.7%
    

      North America 39.2%
    

      Europe (including UK) 50.1%
    

      Integrated utilities 28.5%
    

      Regulated utilities and infrastructur e
    

      54.8%
    

      Source: Ecofin Global Utilities and Infrastructure Trust Source: Ecofin Global Utilities and Infrastructure Trust
    

      Circa 50% of EGL's portfolio is invested in Europe but the typical allocation is 45% Europe, 45% US with the rest of the world up to 10%.
    

      EGL had 48 holdings as at 31 March 2017, all of which are paying a yield. The portfolio's beta is in the region of 0.7 and the portfolio's yield was 4.6% as at 31 March 2017. This is significantly above the market average of 2.8% but at the lower end of the usual range for Ecofin.
    

As illustrated in Figure 8, EGL's largest geographical allocation is to Europe and this accounted for fractionally over half of the portfolio as at the end of March 2017. However, the manager says that the typical allocation for the portfolio is 45% Europe, 45% US and the rest of the world up to 10%. Regulated utility and infrastructure assets accounted for 54.8% of the portfolio, integrated utilities 28.5% and the balance is invested in renewables and yieldcos (companies set up to own assets that provide predictable cashflows). Figure 10 shows the top holdings in the portfolio at the end of March 2017. Details of the top five companies, including some commentary on the manager's views on each, are provided below.
    

      Figure 10: Top 10 holdings as at 31 March 2017
    

      Holding Sector Geography Allocation (%)
    

      Suez Water and waste management France 4.9


      Innogy Renewable energy Germany 4.7


      SSE Electricity UK 4.3


      Williams Companies Energy infrastructure US 3.7


      Covanta Waste to energy US 3.4


      APA Group Gas Australia 3.0


      Algonquin Power and Utilities Renewable energy and multi-


      utilities
    

      Canada 3.0
    

      American Electric Power Electricity US 2.9


      Snam Rete Gas Gas Italy 2.9


      Severn Trent Water supply and waste water treatment


      UK 2.8
    

      Total35.6


      EGL has committed to use gearing to enhance portfolio income.
    

      Source: Ecofin Global Utilities and Infrastructure Trust
    

As discussed on page 20, as at 30 April 2017, EGL had net gearing of 2.3%, up from 3.1% as at the end of March but down from 11.1% as at the end of February and 11.8% as at the end of January. The reduction in gearing during the last couple of months reflects a tactically more risk averse stance after strong gains in some holdings, approaching political events in Europe and NAV growth during the period. All of EGL's gearing is provided by its prime brokerage facility (see page 20 for details), through which EGL can borrow in major currencies for a low cost of Libor + 0.5%. EGL's investment objective contains an explicit reference to using gearing to enhance the portfolio's income, and so it seems reasonable that EGL should generally be fully invested and have positive gearing unless there are exceptional circumstances. EGL's articles of association permit it to gear up to a maximum of 25%, but a more realistic upper limit is between 18-20% in the manager's view.
    

      EGL's manager is positive on what he describes as Suez's leading position in the global water market. He says that this is enhanced by the recent acquisition of GE Water.
    

Suez (4.9%)


      Suez (www.suez.com/en) is a French based utility company which operates in the water treatment and waste management businesses in over 70 countries. The company was formerly a division of Suez Group and was spun out as a stand-alone entity in 2008. Engie (formerly GDF Suez) is the largest shareholder with a 35% stake.
    

      EGL's manager considers that Suez has a dominant market position, a well-defined growth strategy, and a commitment to financial discipline. He says that, while organic growth has been strong in international markets, it has been subdued in the Eurozone and the group would be a clear beneficiary from a pick-up in inflation and economic
    

      growth in Europe. He is positive on the recent acquisition of GE Water, which he says expands the company's position in the US and in the Asia Pacific region, and increases its presence in industrial water, a high value-added segment of the water market.
    

Innogy (4.7%)


      EGL's manager believes Innogy offers a sustainable 6% yield. He likes Innogy's defensive qualities and believes it could be an attractive acquisition target.
    

      Innogy (www.innogy.com) was formed in 2016, by IPO, as a new company owning the renewables, retail, and grid and infrastructure businesses of its parent, the German energy company, RWE. RWE and its main competitor, E.ON, both restructured their operations last year reflecting the German government's programme to phase out nuclear power in Germany and radically increase the proportion of power generation from renewable sources. Innogy, now 75% owned by RWE, is a regulated utility which provides electricity and natural gas to consumers.
    

      The company has a market capitalisation of €20bn and its shares, which have traded at a valuation discount to its peers since the IPO in October 2016, offer a prospective yield of c. 6%, well above long German bund yields and, in EGL's manager's view, sustainable. Jean-Hugues says that the shares have defensive qualities and there is potential for merger and acquisition activity in the sector; Innogy would be an attractive target in his view.
    

SSE (4.3%)


      EGL's manager believes that SSE could benefit from inflation in the UK.
    

      SSE (www.sse.com) is the second largest British energy utility and the UK's largest generator of electricity from renewable sources. SSE supplies electricity and gas to some 9.1 million homes, offices and businesses in the UK and Ireland, and has a 33% interest in Scotia Gas Networks, the UK's second largest gas distribution company, which supplies gas to 5.8 million customers in Scotland and the South of England. SSE's renewable energy production is from hydro-electric and wind sources.
    

      EGL's manager says that SSE's commitment to real dividend growth remains at the core of its financial targets. The company's shares yield about 6% currently and Jean- Hugues believes that the reappearance of some inflation in the UK will be beneficial to the company's bottom line.
    

Williams Companies (3.7%)


      EGL's manager believes that Williams Companies is well positioned to benefit from growth in demand for natural gas and natural gas liquids.
    

      Williams Companies (co.williams.com) is an energy infrastructure company which, together with a master limited partnership which it controls, is engaged in the gathering, treatment and processing of natural gas, principally in Texas, Oklahoma and the Rocky Mountain region of the United States, and in interstate gas transportation. Williams operates some 15,000 miles of interstate pipelines and its 'crown jewel' is one of the major natural gas pipelines in the US, TRANSCO, which connects several large producing regions in the Northeast with the major demand centres in the Southeast and Gulf Coast. Its pipelines deliver approximately 14% of the natural gas consumed in the United States.
    

      Williams is a pipeline infrastructure company, which Jean-Hugues believes is well positioned to capitalise on demand growth for natural gas and natural gas liquids. He says that, since a proposed merger with Energy Transfer was called off in 2016, Williams' business model has been deleveraged and de-risked through asset sales and contract renegotiations, and its structure has been simplified. He expects earnings and distributable cash flows will grow at higher rates than are currently factored into its share price.
    

      Covanta (3.4%)
    

      EGL's manager likes Covanta's waste-to-energy services and the company's potential for free cash flow growth. This could support deleveraging and dividend growth.
    

      US based Covanta (www.covanta.com) is a leading provider of waste-to-energy services (circa 70% share of the US market). The majority of its operations are in the US, but it also has three facilities in Europe and one in China. The company generates revenues from waste disposal contracts with municipalities as well as from sales of the electricity and recycled metals produced as outputs.
    

      Jean-Hugues considers that Covanta provides municipalities with an environmentally sustainable alternative to landfill for waste while also generating electricity. He says that it generates stable cash flows, backed by contracts and hedges on 85% of revenues, and further supported by solid 25% EBITDA margins. He believes that Covanta is capable of delivering more than 10% free cash flow growth through 2020 and says that this will support deleveraging and dividend growth. In the meantime, Covanta's dividend yield of 6.5% is both attractive and sustainable in his view.
    

You can see up-to-date information on the QuotedData website.


Performance


      Since the November downdraft, EGL's NAV has outperformed the full selection of indices, whilst its share price has lagged the full selection of indices.
    

It has been just over seven months since EGL's launch and so it would be misleading to make any concrete conclusions regarding its performance record. This is particularly pertinent as the period since EGL's inception has been quite volatile for global equity markets. This has been exacerbated for utilities which were broadly left behind during the cyclical rally that followed President Trump's electoral victory (see Figure 12 below); global equity markets are now trading at, or close to, all-time highs. This is illustrated in Figure 11, which shows that while EGL's performance since launch has been comparable to that of the MSCI World Utilities Index (although with lower NAV volatility) these performances are behind those of the MSCI UK and MSCI World. EGL's share price has been more volatile than all three indices. This may reflect EGL's size and its shareholder base, which appears to have a strong presence of longer-term investors that may be slow to turnover their shares. Despite this, aggregate volumes are respectable (an average of 350.2k shares per day since launch) and the manager has observed a general trend of institutional holders being replaced by private wealth managers. It would still seem reasonable to us that, if EGL's board is successful in its ambitions to grow the trust, liquidity should improve and share price volatility should reduce as a consequence.
    

Figure 12 shows the discrete monthly performances of EGL versus the indices since its launch. These show that November 2016, the month of President Trump's election, saw negative returns for EGL's share price, NAV and all three indices, and utilities underperformed global markets (as represented by the MSCI World) and the UK market (as represented by the MSCI UK) markedly. With gradual reassessment of the policy implications of Trump's electoral victory, and changes in the relative performance of European utilities, December 2016 saw rebounds for all of the metrics although, of the indices, the MSCI World Utilities saw the strongest recovery with EGL's NAV not that far behind. EGL's share price also saw a recovery, but with a noticeable lag as most of this came through in January 2017. As illustrated in Figure 12, utilities outperformed global and UK markets in February 2017 as investors took a slightly more cautious stance, a trend which continued through March. Strength in a number of its European holdings contributed to EGL's outperformance in March.
    

      Figure 11: Cumulative total return performance to 30 April 2017
    




            1 month (%)
          



            3 months (%)
          



            6 months (%)
          



            Since launch*
          

            (%)
          



            Volatility (%)**
          





            EGL NAV
          



            (2.6)
          



            5.6
          



            (2.0)
          



            (0.4)
          



            0.73
          





            EGL share price
          



            5.2
          



            4.9
          



            0.3
          



            11.0
          



            1.87
          





            MSCI World Utilities
          



            (2.7)
          



            3.5
          



            (1.0)
          



            2.2
          



            0.84
          





            MSCI World
          



            (1.9)
          



            2.7
          



            6.1
          



            11.4
          



            0.71
          





            MSCI UK
          



            (1.3)
          



            3.0
          



            5.8
          



            8.0
          



            0.61
          




      Source: Morningstar, Marten & Co. *Note: EGL was launched on 26 September 2016. **Note: Volatility is the standard deviation of daily returns from EGL's launch on 26 September 2016 to 30 April 2017.
    




            October
          



            November
          



            December
          



            January
          



            February
          



            March
          



            April
          



            Cumulative
          





            2016 (%)
          



            2016 (%)
          



            2016 (%)
          



            2017 (%)
          



            2017 (%)
          



            2017 (%)
          



            2017 (%)
          



            perf. - Dec
          





            to April
          




      Figure 12: Discrete monthly total return performance
    




            EGL NAV
          



            2.9
          



            (10.9)
          



            5.0
          



            (0.9)
          



            4.4
          



            3.8
          



            (2.6)
          



            10.0
          





            EGL share price
          



            3.1
          



            (10.2)
          



            0.8
          



            5.7
          



            (2.6)
          



            2.4
          



            5.2
          



            11.8
          





            MSCI World Utilities
          



            5.2
          



            (8.3)
          



            5.6
          



            (1.1)
          



            5.2
          



            1.2
          



            (2.7)
          



            8.1
          





            MSCI World
          



            4.4
          



            (0.8)
          



            3.6
          



            0.6
          



            4.0
          



            0.6
          



            (1.9)
          



            7.0
          





            MSCI UK
          



            0.9
          



            (1.9)
          



            5.3
          



            (0.5)
          



            3.1
          



            1.2
          



            (1.3)
          



            7.9
          




      Source: Morningstar, Marten & Co
    

      Figure 13: EGL NAV/MSCI World Utilities Index* - rebased to 100 since launch
    

      106
    

      103
    

      Trump elected President
    

      EGL's NAV has seen an uptick in performance driven by European holdings
    

      100
    

      97
    

      94
    

      91
    

      Sep/16 Oct/16 Nov/16 Dec/16 Jan/17 Feb/17 Mar/17 Apr/17
    

      Source: Morningstar, Marten & Co.
    

      Figure 13 illustrates EGL's NAV total return performance relative to that of the MSCI World Utilities Index (in sterling terms). This illustrates that EGL's NAV underperformed this index in Q4 as EGL's portfolio had significantly less invested in US securities (which rose in the wake of President Trump's election) while UK and European utilities declined. However, since the November downdraft, EGL's NAV has outperformed cumulatively all three indices over the following five months. Figure 13 also illustrates that there has been a marked uplift in relative performance during March and April. The manager says that the portfolio had been positioned for, and therefore benefitted from, an improvement in a number of European holdings.
    

      Quarterly dividend payments targeting at least 4% of NAV per annum‌
    

      Dividends are paid on the last business day of February, May, August and November.
    

      EGL has a clear dividend policy. It targets a dividend yield of at least 4% on its net assets and can use gearing, and if necessary distributable reserves, to augment its portfolio yield. As a new company, EGL does not have revenue reserves and plans to distribute all of its net revenues. It does, however, have distributable reserves (the result of cancelling its share premium account) and these can also be used to smooth dividends. Dividends are paid quarterly on the last business day of February, May, August and November each year.
    

      For EGL's first accounting period (from launch to 30 September 2017) the maiden dividend was paid in November 2016 at 1.6p per share, which was followed by a second interim dividend at the end of February of 1.6p per share and a third at the end of May (declared). EGL's manager has advised us that it is expected that this initial period, being longer than a year, will include five dividend payments. However, going forward, it is expected that, for a given financial year, the first interim dividend will be paid in February, with the second, third and fourth interim dividends paid in May, August and November respectively.
    

      The board advises that it seeks to pursue a progressive dividend policy and so, barring exceptional circumstances, it seems reasonable that the board will only want to make upwards revisions when changing the quarterly dividend rate and so should be seeking to ensure that any increases are sustainable. The board has said that it will at least maintain the current quarterly rate of 1.6p for the current financial year, this suggests a minimum total annual dividend of 6.4p for the year ending 30 September 2017. This is equivalent to a yield of 5.2% on the share price of 122.0p as at 19 May 2017.
    

      The portfolio is invested entirely in securities that produce income. These are overwhelmingly equities that pay dividends (98.8% of the portfolio as at 31 March 2017) and, to a limited extent, bonds (1.1% of the portfolio).
    

      Discount widening during the latter part of 2016 may reflect both the cyclical rally and increasing expectations of interest rate rises in the US supressing demand for utilities exposure.
    

Discount / premium


As illustrated in Figure 14, EGL began trading at a discount of 19.6%, but this quickly narrowed, post launch, reaching a minimum discount of 1.5% on 4 October 2016. This initial tightening was short lived and EGL's discount widened and then settled into a trading range. This may in part reflect the cyclical rally towards the end of 2016 with investors' appetite for more defensive exposures, such as that offered by EGL, being less in demand as well as an increased prospect of interest rate rises, particularly in the US. The market has traditionally seen interest rate rises as being negative for equities in general but particularly for utilities, which tend to have relatively high levels of debt in their capital structures. As discussed on page 15, there have been sales by some institutions since the reconstruction of EWPO but these holders have been replaced by private wealth managers (for example, Charles Stanley's share of EGL increased from 6.6% as at 30 October 2016 to 10.9% as at 31 March 2017, whilst Asset Value Investors sold its 4.9% stake in its entirety over the same period.
    

      EGL is trading in a discount range of 8% to 18%. The average discount since launch is 12.61%.
    

      Share repurchases could be counterproductive. EGL may be better served by focusing on growing.
    

      In recent times, EGL has traded at discounts in a range of between 8% and 18%, while its average discount since launch has been 12.61%. The discount as at 19 May 2017 was 12.9%, which is considerably wider than the board would like or expect it to be. The trust is authorised to repurchase up to 15% and allot up to 10% of its issued share capital, which gives the board a mechanism with which it can influence the discount. Any repurchases or allotments must be NAV accretive for remaining shareholders after transactions costs. The board says that it will consider using share repurchases to assist in limiting any sustained discount and discount volatility but there is no formal discount control mechanism, or discount target.
    

      More resources are being allocated to increase awareness of EGL. This includes the appointment of Michael Hart, who is focused on marketing EGL.
    

      To date, the trust has not repurchased any of its shares. Given EGL's current size, share repurchases might have a limited impact on the discount as they would also serve to reduce liquidity and put upward pressure on EGL's ongoing charges ratio (its fixed costs being spread over a smaller asset base). Instead, EGL might be better served by working to increase its size.
    

      The board and manager share this view and more resource is being allocated to increase awareness of the trust among investors. This includes the appointment of Michael Hart to market EGL and work alongside Elspeth Dick in investor relations. The trust has also moved to making daily NAV announcements instead of the previous weekly announcements. The board and manager hope that this improved visibility will allow the market to form superior NAV estimates that should provide investors with a greater degree of comfort and ultimately contribute to reducing the discount and its volatility.
    

      Figure 14: Premium/(discount) since launch
    

      0
    

      -4 EGL's average


      discount since launch is 12.61%
    

      -8
    

      Discount trading broadly in line with average since launch
    

      -12
    

      -16
    

      -20
    

      Sep/16 Oct/16 Nov/16 Dec/16 Jan/17 Feb/17 Mar/17 Apr/17
    

      Source: Morningstar, Marten & Co.
    

Fees and expenses


      Management fee
    

      EGL does not pay a performance fee.
    

      Under the terms of its investment management agreement with Ecofin Limited, EGL pays a base management fee of 1.25% per annum of its net assets, which is calculated and paid quarterly in arrears. There is no performance fee.
    

      Secretarial and administrative services
    

      BNP Paribas Securities Services S.C.A., London branch, provides administrative services to EGL for an annual base fee of £110,258 paid monthly in arrears. In addition to its fixed fee, the administrator is entitled to a variable fee based on the company's net assets. This is charged at 2.25 basis points of the first £75m of net assets, 1.90 basis points between £75m and £200m, 1.60 basis points between


      £200m and £300m and 0.6 basis points above £300m. BNP Paribas Secretarial Services Limited provides company secretarial services to EGL for a fee of £72,555 per annum. All of these fees are payable under EGL's administration agreement. This can be terminated by either party on six months' notice.


Depositary and prime brokerage agreement


      Under the terms of EGL's depositary agreement, Citibank Europe Plc, UK branch, acts as EGL's depositary. For these services, it charges EGL a fee of 3.75 basis points per annum of its net assets. The depositary agreement can be terminated by either party on 90 days' notice.
    

Citigroup Global Markets Limited acts as EGL's custodian. Its services are provided under the terms of its prime brokerage agreement under which the custodian also provides borrowings to EGL. As discussed on page 20, EGL pays a rate of Libor + 0.5% to borrow in major currencies.
    

Allocation of fees and costs


      EGL's management fee and finance costs are charged 50% to revenue and 50% to capital. All other costs are charged wholly to revenue. EGL's board expects its ongoing charges to be in the region of 1.50% per annum.
    

Capital structure and trust life


      Simple capital structure
    

      EGL has one class of ordinary share in issue. It can gear up to 25% of net assets.
    

      EGL has a simple capital structure with one class of ordinary share in issue. Its manager has discretion to borrow up to 25% of EGL's net assets but its articles of association state that it will not have any structural gearing. This is a distinct difference from its predecessor, EWPO, whose ordinary shares were geared by both ZDPs and CULS. EGL's ordinary shares have a premium main market listing on the LSE and, as at 13 April 2017, there were 91,872,247 in issue with none held in treasury.
    

Diversified share register


As illustrated in Figure 15, which provides an illustration of EGL's shareholder base and its largest investors, EGL's share register has a strong institutional presence, but is well diversified. The top 10 largest investors account for 52.1% of EGL's issued share capital and there is also a long tail of smaller institutional holders. Most of the large holders were on EWPO's register for some time before the reconstruction. Some larger institutions have reduced their stakes since, while private wealth managers have been significant buyers.
    

      Figure 15: EGL shareholder base as at 30 April 2017
    

      11.3%
    

      47.9%
    

      2.6%
    

      3.1%
    

      3.4%
    

      3.8%
    

      8.6%
    

      6.1%
    

      4.7%
    

      4.6%
    

      4.0%
    

      Charles Stanley
    

      Artemis Fund Management M&G Investments BlackRock Inv. Management Hargreaves Lansdown Dexia Credit
    

      Investec Wealth & Investment Union Bancaire
    

      CG Asset Management Walker Crips
    

      Other
    

      Source: Ecofin Global Utilities and Infrastructure Trust
    

      EGL can borrow up to 25% of its net assets although 18% to 20% is a more realistic upper limit.
    

      Competitive borrowing facility provided by prime brokerage facility with custodian‌‌‌
    

      EGL is permitted to borrow up to 25% of net assets and has a prime brokerage facility, provided by Citigroup Global Markets, for this purpose. Citigroup Global Markets is the custodian of EGL's assets and, under the terms of the facility, lends against these. This high security of collateral means that EGL is able to borrow at very competitive rates; EGL is able to borrow at LIBOR + 0.5% for major currencies. The terms of the prime brokerage facility require that EGL relies on this solely for its borrowings. The weighted average cost of borrowings, as at 30 April 2017, was circa 1.1%.
    

      As at 30 April 2017, EGL had net gearing of 2.3%. This is a relatively low level of net gearing for the trust and reflects the manager's cautious stance at that date. Net gearing of around 15% is a more natural level for EGL with a realistic upper limit being 18-20%. The manager says that the 25% limit is in place to provide flexibility and is only likely to be used in more extreme market conditions. It is noteworthy that this facility provides EGL with much greater flexibility to vary its level of gross gearing than was possible for EWPO. EWPO's gearing was provided by zero dividend preference shares and convertible unsecured loan stock and so was structural.
    

      First continuation vote is due three years from incorporation and then at five-yearly intervals thereafter.
    

Unlimited life with a continuation vote by the end of June 2019


      EGL has been established with an unlimited life, but its articles of association require that it offer its shareholders a continuation vote by the end of June 2019 (three years from incorporation) and then at five yearly intervals thereafter. If the resolution is not passed, the directors will be required to bring forward proposals to liquidate, open-end or otherwise reconstruct the company. This puts pressure on the board to ensure that the fund's investment objective is relevant to shareholders' needs and that the fund meets that investment objective.
    

Financial calendar


      The trust's year-end is 30 September and it intends to publish its first annual report to cover the period between its day of incorporation, 27 June 2016, and 30 September
    

2017. It is anticipated that the annual results will usually be released in December of each year (the interim report should be published shortly) and that the first AGM will be held in early 2018. As discussed on page 17, EGL pays quarterly dividends on the last business day of February, May, August and November each year.
    

      All of the current board transferred across from EWPO's board, ensuring continuity.
    

The board


      All board members stand for re-election annually.
    

      EGL's board comprises four directors (details of their individual experience are provided below); all members are non-executive and, with the exception of Martin Nègre, are considered to be independent of the investment manager. Martin is not considered to be independent as he is also chairman of three other funds managed by Ecofin - EF Realisation Company Limited, the Ecofin Vista Long-Short Fund and the Ecofin Global Renewables Infrastructure Fund. All four members were EWPO directors prior to its reconstruction.


      EGL's board members do not have any other shared directorships. All members have personal investments in the trust.
    

      EGL's articles of association require that all board members offer themselves for re- election annually. Ian Barby was previously chairman of EWPO (he was appointed to the board in 2004) and stood down as chairman following the reconstruction. He has since said that he will not seek re-election as a director of EGL at its first AGM (scheduled for early 2018). EGL's articles also limit total directors' fees to £200k.
    

Other than EGL's board, its directors do not have any other shared directorships and, as illustrated in Figure 16, all of the directors have personal investments in the trust. This is generally considered to be favourable as it shows commitment to the trust and helps to align directors' interests with those of shareholders. It is also noteworthy that, while Martin Nègre is not considered to be independent of the investment manager, he has a very large personal investment in EGL. The average length of service is 9.5 years or 8.2 years excluding that of Ian Barby who is due to retire.
    

David Simpson


      David Simpson is a qualified solicitor and was a partner at KPMG for 15 years until 2013, culminating as global head of M&A. Before that he spent 15 years in investment banking, latterly at Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd. He is a trustee of Cardiff University and a director of ITC Limited (India's fourth largest company by market capitalisation). David represents British American Tobacco, which owns approximately 30% of ITC and is its largest shareholder.
    

Ian Barby


      Ian Barby, former chairman of EWPO, was a vice-chairman of Mercury Asset Management Plc from 1990 to 1998 and subsequently a managing director of Merrill Lynch Investment Managers. He is non-executive chairman of Invesco Perpetual UK Smaller Companies Investment Trust Plc and Schroder Income Growth Fund Plc, and a non-executive director and chairman of the audit committee of Pantheon International Plc.
    

Iain McLaren


      Iain McLaren is a chartered accountant and was a partner at KPMG for 27 years, including senior partner in Scotland from 1999 to 2004, retiring from the firm in 2008. He is the senior independent director and audit committee chairman of Cairn Energy
    

      Plc. He is also a non-executive director of Baillie Gifford Shin Nippon Plc, Edinburgh Dragon Trust Plc and Investors Capital Trust Plc. He is a past president of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland.
    

Martin Nègre


      Martin Nègre was the Chairman of EWPO until 31 March 2005. He was, until June 2001, the chief executive officer of Northumbrian Water Plc, then a subsidiary of Suez Lyonnaise des Eaux, and Suez Lyonnaise's chief corporate representative in the UK. Prior to that, he was Suez Lyonnaise's international director in Paris and then its Asia- Pacific president in Hong Kong and Singapore. Before that, he spent 21 years with Alsthom and GEC Alsthom, the Anglo/French engineering company, where he was a senior executive and the chief executive officer of the power generation division. He is a non-executive director of Northumbrian Water LTD, Bolux SICAV Luxembourg and Messrs Hottinger & Cie, Paris.
    

      Figure 16: Board member - length of service and shareholdings
    




            Director
          



            Position
          



            Date of appointment*
          



            Length of service including EWPO (years)
          



            Annual director's fee
          

            (GBP)
          



            Share- holding*
          



            Years of fee invested**
          





            David Simpson
          



            Chairman
          



            23 May 2014
          



            3.0
          



            31,500
          



            65,395
          



            2.5
          





            Iain McLaren
          



            Chairman of the Audit Committee
          



            29 March 2011
          



            6.2
          



            27,000
          



            20,000
          



            0.9
          





            Ian Barby
          



            Director
          



            5 January 2004
          



            13.4
          



            24,300
          



            437,136
          



            21.9
          





            Martin Nègre
          



            Director
          



            5 December 2001
          



            15.5
          



            24,300
          



            2,342,628
          



            117.6
          




      Average (service length, fee, shareholding, fees invested) 9.5 29,750 716,290 35.7


      Source: Ecofin Global Utilities and Infrastructure Trust, Marten & Co. *Note: Date of appointment reflects appointment to EGL's predecessor, EWPO. **Note: shareholdings as per most recent company announcements as at 19 May 2017. Years of fee invested based on EGL's ordinary share price of 122.00p as at 19 May 2017.
    

      QuotedData Ecofin Global Utilities and InfrastructureTrust


      QuotedData is a trading name of Marten & Co, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority
    

      123a Kings Road, London SW3 4PL 0203 691 9430
    

www.quoteddata.com


      Registered in England & Wales number 07981621, 2nd Floor Heathmans House
    

      19 Heathmans Road, London SW6 4TJ
    

      Edward Marten
    

      ([email protected])
    

      Christopher Bunstead
    

      ([email protected])
    

      Investment company research:
    

      James Carthew
    

      ([email protected])
    

      Matthew Read ([email protected])
    

      IMPORTANT INFORMATION
    

      This note was prepared for Ecofin Global Utilities and Infrastructure Trust by Marten & Co (which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority).
    

      This note is for information purposes only and is not intended to encourage the reader to deal in the security or securities mentioned within it.
    

      Marten & Co is not authorised to give advice to retail clients. The research does not have regard to the specific investment objectives, financial situation and needs of any specific person who may receive it.
    

      This note has been compiled from publicly available information. This note is not directed
    

      at any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person's nationality, residence or otherwise) the publication or availability of this note is prohibited.
    

      Accuracy of Content: Whilst Marten & Co uses reasonable efforts to obtain information from sources which we ourlieve to be reliable and to ensure that the information in this note is up to date and accurate, we make no representation or warranty that the information contained in this note is accurate, reliable or complete. The information contained in this note is provided by Marten & Co for personal use and information purposes generally. You are solely liable for any use you may make of this information. The information is inherently subject to change without notice and may become outdated. You, therefore, should verify any information obtained from this note before you use it.


      Investment Performance Information: Please remember that past performance is not necessarily a guide to the future and that the value of shares and the income from them can go down as well as up. Exchange rates may also cause the value of underlying overseas investments to go down as well as up. Marten & Co may write on companies that use gearing in a number of forms that can increase volatility and, in some cases, to a complete loss of an investment.


      No Advice: Nothing contained in this note constitutes or should be construed to constitute investment, legal, tax or other advice.


      No Representation or Warranty: No representation, warranty or guarantee of any kind, express or implied is given by Marten & Co in respect of any information contained on this note.


      Exclusion of Liability: To the fullest extent allowed by law, Marten & Co shall not be liable for any direct or indirect losses, damages, costs or expenses incurred or suffered by you arising out or in connection with the access to, use of or reliance on any information contained on this note. In no circumstance shall Marten & Co and its employees have any liability for consequential or special damages.


      Governing Law and Jurisdiction: These terms and conditions and all matters connected with them, are governed by the laws of England and Wales and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. If you access this note from outside the UK, you are responsible for ensuring compliance with any local laws relating to access.


      No information contained in this note shall form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any offer or commitment whatsoever in any jurisdiction.
    

      Initiation │ 23 May 2017 Page  23
    












Sharing and Personal Tools

Please select the service you want to use:

Newsvine
Digg
Delicious
StumbleUpon
Technorati
Buzz
Favorites
Google Reader





Public link

Please use the above public link if you want to share this noodl on another website.


Close





Smartlinks
| Ecofin Global Utilities and Infrastructure Trust plc
| Ecofin Limited
| Local News
| Finance
| Markets and Exchanges
| Stock Markets
| Security Markets
| Stock Markets
| Security Markets
| Company News
| Energy
| Oil and Gas
| Oil and Gas Downstream and Midstream Activities
| Oil and Gas Upstream Activities
| Financial Services
| Investment Services
| Manufacturing
| Professional and Business Services
| Accounting and Auditing
| Utilities
| Waste Management
| Water Supply
| Automotive
| Luxury Goods
| Travel, Leisure and Recreation Industry
| Tour Operators and Travel Agencies
| Investment Funds and Trusts
| London Stock Exchange (LSE)




 Back


 View original format











Copyright ©2006-2017 Public Technologies Inc.  | 
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Contact




