


EDGEWOOD LIQUORS, INC. -  MarylandCorporates – Company Profiles of Maryland


























Home















FIND 






 
Home » E » EDGEWOOD LIQUORS, INC.












QR Code Of This Company





This is a QR Code for EDGEWOOD LIQUORS, INC.. If you have a QR Code scanning app, you can simply scan this image to have this business's information displayed on your phone.




Related Companies


ELLICOTT HILLS VILLAS I CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION, INC.
EARECKSON PLACE CORP.
EAGLE NEST PROPERTIES, LLC
EASTERN STATES ADVENTIST HEALTH SERVICES, INCORPORATED
EXECUTIVE AUTO CARE, LLC
EDEN VALLEY, INC.
EAST FREDERICK SELF-STORAGE LLLP
ECONOMY GLASS REPAIR SERVICES, INC.
EAST DIAMOND LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
ET SALES MANUFACTURER REPRESENTATIVES, INC.
EVEREST BROKERAGE, INC.
E.R.D., INC.
EVERGREEN CLUB, LLC
EQUASTONE SECURITIES, LLC
ENOCH CHAN PRODUCTIONS & PHOTOGRAPHY, LLC
ETS FINANCIAL, INC.
EXECUTIVE CELLULAR SERVICES, INC.
EASTOVER PLAZA IMPROVEMENTS, LLC
EAST COAST MARINE INC.
EXCEPTIONAL FOODS, LLC
ERTHE INVESTMENTS LLC
EVERGREEN PRINTING & PUBLISHING COMPANY, INC.
ENGINEERING & CONSTRUCTION SERVICES, INCORPORATED
EMJOYCE ASSOCIATES, LLC
EAGLE PRO, L.L.C.







EDGEWOOD LIQUORS, INC.










This profile contains information from public web pages.

Company Profile



Company Name
EDGEWOOD LIQUORS, INC.


Company No
d00093773


Status
DISSOLVED


Good Standing
No


Business Code
Ordinary Business - Stock


Date of Formation
01/22/1963


State of Formation
MD


Stock/Nonstock
Stock


Close/Not Close
Unknown


Resident Agent
STANLEY SCHULMAN

10219 REISTERSTOWN ROAD

OWINGS MILLS, MD 21117



Company Overview
				
EDGEWOOD LIQUORS, INC. is a company incorporated in Maryland and its company number is d00093773. EDGEWOOD LIQUORS, INC. was registered on 01/22/1963. The company's status is listed as DISSOLVED.	










Contact Information



Company Name
EDGEWOOD LIQUORS, INC.


Telephone
n/a


Principal Office Address
STANLEY SCHULMAN

10219 REISTERSTOWN ROAD

OWINGS MILLS, MD 21117


Email
n/a



Additional Information



Estimated Revenue
no information


Employees
no information


Brands
no information



Company Map
		
This is Google map of EDGEWOOD LIQUORS, INC. address: STANLEY SCHULMAN, 

10219 REISTERSTOWN ROAD, 

OWINGS MILLS, MD 21117, . If you find error address, please submit another address using the form in the map, then search again.


Data Disclaimer
				
The information provided on marylandcorporates.com is collected from a variety of public sources. marylandcorporates.com website aim to provide the most comprehensive data , however this is dependant on the level of information filed in the public domain.
Data could have changed since the last update. marylandcorporates.com website advise our visitors to express caution if in doubt, and to seek professional advice before commencing legal action, based on any information contained herein.
When you visit marylandcorporates.com website, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device that uniquely identifies your browser. We uses cookies in its advertising services to help advertisers and publishers serve and manage ads across the web. We may set one or more cookies in your browser when you visit a website, including We sites that use our advertising cookies, and view or click on an ad supported by our advertising services.

 




Company Index:  
0-9 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
G 
H 
I 
J 
K 
L 
M 
N 
O 
P 
Q 
R 
S 
T 
U 
V 
W 
X 
Y 
Z 

Home  |  
About Us  |  
Privacy Policy  |  
Contact Us



© 2013 MarylandCorporates - Company Profiles of Maryland







Edgewood Group -  ColoradoCorporates – Company Profiles of Colorado


















Home















FIND 


Search for company name, business locations, officers, contacts ..　　　





 
Home » E » Edgewood Group



 



QR Code Of This Company





This is a QR Code for Edgewood Group. If you have a QR Code scanning app, you can simply scan this image to have this business's information displayed on your phone.




Related Companies


Express Business Credit L.L.C
Eastern Hills Christian Reformed Church, Inc.
Efficiency Energy, Llc
Eudora Commons Owners Association, Inc.
Eitech Services, Llc
Energy Now Distribution, Llc
Excel Commercial Cleaning
Edwards & Company, J.D.
Ets, Llc
Eccssp Consulting, Llc
Electric Excellence Co. Inc.
Eldorado Software Inc.
Enhanced Mechanical Systems, Llc
Edtech Consulting, Llc
Evil Snowboards Llc
Epic Athletic Performance, Inc.
El Arco Watersports
E-Tsing Inc
Ebab Family Partners, Lllp
Evergreen Energy Solutions And Solar
Earthwizeshopping Incorporated
Embedded Concepts, Llc
Exposure, Llc
Emr Labs, Llc
E. F. Hutton Television Network, Inc.







Edgewood Group



 

This profile contains information from public web pages.

Company Profile



Company Name
Edgewood Group


Company No
20051305640


Business Type
Limited Partnership


Status
Exists


Date of Formation
08/10/2005


Citizenship
Domestic


State of Incorporation
CO



Company Overview
				
Edgewood Group is a company in Colorado and its company number is 20051305640. Edgewood Group was registered on 08/10/2005. The company's status is listed as  Exists.	


 


Contact Information



Company Name
Edgewood Group


Telephone
n/a


Business Address
15141N WASHINGTON Broomfield, CO 80020


Email
n/a


Website
n/a



Officers/Directors
				
n/a	

Additional Information



Estimated Revenue
no information


Employees
no information


Brands
no information



Company Map
		
This is Google map of Edgewood Group address: 15141N WASHINGTON,  Broomfield, CO 80020. If you find error address, please submit another address using the form in the map, then search again.


Data Disclaimer
				
The information provided on coloradocorporates.com is collected from a variety of public sources. coloradocorporates.com website aim to provide the most comprehensive data , however this is dependant on the level of information filed in the public domain.
Data could have changed since the last update. coloradocorporates.com website advise our visitors to express caution if in doubt, and to seek professional advice before commencing legal action, based on any information contained herein.
When you visit coloradocorporates.com website, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device that uniquely identifies your browser. We uses cookies in its advertising services to help advertisers and publishers serve and manage ads across the web. We may set one or more cookies in your browser when you visit a website, including We sites that use our advertising cookies, and view or click on an ad supported by our advertising services.

 




Company Index:  
0-9 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
G 
H 
I 
J 
K 
L 
M 
N 
O 
P 
Q 
R 
S 
T 
U 
V 
W 
X 
Y 
Z 

Home  |  
About Us  |  
Privacy Policy  |  
Contact Us  |  
UKOfficerBoard  |  
TheUnclaimedFund



© 2013 ColoradoCorporates - Company Profiles of Colorado















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Verify real user


























Verify real user














Home :: Edgewood Management LLC





























» Edgewood Growth Fund
								For U.S. Investors Only
							

Edgewood Management LLC
								Investment Manager
							

» Edgewood L Select
								For Non-U.S. Investors Only
							







					
					Invest
					
					
					
Account Login
Contact Us









Edgewood Management LLC
Edgewood Management LLC

About Us
Philosophy & Process
Large Cap Growth
Literature


 







 
A replay of the Q2 2017 Edgewood Webinar is now available,  please click here to view the archived webcast. 





 
The Q2 2017 Edgewood Large Cap Factsheet is now available.  Please click here to view the report.



What’s New
Previous
Next





Quick Links

Log into My Account 
View Product Information
Learn About Edgewood Management LLC

Mailing List

	Sign up for our mailing list to receive information and updates about Edgewood.

Sign Up


Why Edgewood?

	Focus

	Edgewood manages a concentrated stock portfolio of large cap growth companies it deems to be of high quality.

	Experience

	The six Edgewood Portfolio Managers each have over 30 years of investment professional experience.

	Motivation

	Edgewood invests alongside our clients as we stand by our beliefs that these are the best and most valuable investment ideas.

	Cohesiveness

	The members of Edgewood’s Investment Committee have worked together since 2006 and apply a team approach to investing.


Our Mission

	Our mission is to produce sustainable long-term performance investing in growth companies Edgewood deems to be of high quality. We work to achieve this by owning the best 22 companies we can find; all have had significant earnings growth and can be purchased at a discount to Edgewood's projected fair value. Our goal is to own these businesses for three to five years.
Ways to Invest

	Depending on your investment needs, our strategy is available in a variety of product types. Visit the links below to learn more:

Separately Managed Accounts
Edgewood Growth Fund
Offshore Fund



 
 


About Us
History
Our Team
News & Updates

Philosophy & Process
Idea Generation
Due Diligence
Decision Making
Portfolio Risk Management
Sell Discipline

Large Cap Growth
Performance
Portfolio

Literature
Contact Us



Legal Disclaimer / Terms of Use


			
				535 Madison Avenue /
			
				15th Fl /
			
				New York /
			
				NY 10022 /
			
				(212) 652.9100 
			
		





Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user














Logging and Sawmilling Journal Devember/January 2013 -Edgewood Forest Products has an edge
















Subscribe Archives Calendar ContactTimberWestMadison's Lumber DirectoryAdvertiseMedia Kit LSJ Home Forestnet




 




Untitled Document






        December/January 2012
On the Cover:
It’s a busy time in B.C. forests as the industry is enjoying healthier lumber markets in the U.S. and still strong demand from China. All of that is helping to keep B.C. loggers such as Mike Closs, and his Link-Belt carrier/Waratah processor combination, very active. (Photo: Paul MacDonald)
Logger training
A new Logging Fundamentals Training Program on Vancouver Island is helping to fill a growing labour gap created by the retirement of skilled workers.
View from the Top:
      Interview with Don Demens, President of Western Forest Products
Western Forest Products is now the major player in the forest industry on the B.C. coast, being the region’s largest lumber producer. Company President Don Demens talks about Western Forest Products’ $125 million capital plan, making strategic investments in its facilities, including new autograding equipment.
Major mill upgrade at Canfor Radium
Canfor has reopened its operations at Radium Hot Springs, B.C., following a $38.5-million capital investment to upgrade the sawmill and build a new planer mill. When the mill is running at full capacity later this year, it’s expected to produce 240 million board feet annually.

Special Focus — 
Saskatchewan forest industry comeback
Edgewood Forest Products has an edge
Access to quality wood fibre is giving Saskatchewan’s Edgewood Forest Products, which started operations in early 2012, the opportunity to produce higher quality products.
Solid sawmilling success in Saskatchewan
      Saskatchewan’s Dean Christensen has built a solid small sawmill business, and is now looking at expanding his product line beyond white spruce into birch and tamarack.
Planning for the future in the next year province
        Like many loggers, Saskatchewan’s 
      A & A Logging feels fortunate to have survived the recent industry downturn, and is now considering what it needs equipment-wise to move into the future.
stability in Saskatchewan forests
      Norrish Logging is sensing that stability is returning to Saskatchewan’s forest industry after a downturn that took its toll on the mills and contractors alike.      

The Edge
      Included in The Edge, Canada’s leading publication on research in the forest industry, are stories from the Canadian Wood Fibre Centre and Alberta Innovates - Bio Solutions.
The Last Word
      Is remote command and control of logging equipment the way of the future? Columnist Tony Kryzanowski believes it is.
Tech Update — Log Haul Trailers
Suppliernewsline




       






     Or CLICK to download a pdf of this article

Edgewood Forest Products has an edge
Access to quality wood fibre is giving Saskatchewan’s Edgewood Forest Products, which started operations this past January, the opportunity to produce higher quality products.
By Tony Kryzanowski
When B.C.-based C & C Wood Products looks for acquisitions, the decorative wood paneling and lumber producer first takes a long, hard look at the wood basket attached to the facility. It liked the profile of the timber allocated to the mothballed Weyerhaeuser stud mill in Carrot River, Saskatchewan, so it purchased the mill and renamed it Edgewood Forest Products.
“We do have very high quality fibre,” says Andy Borsa, longtime mill manager, adding that there is the potential to produce higher quality products from the wood basket.
C & C Wood Products was excited by that prospect. Trees in northern Saskatchewan grow slowly. Therefore, the Carrot River stud mill produces very tight grain, small knot, high density and high strength lumber. This results in an attractive appearance product, which can mean a lot to big box store clients. The average log diameter feeding the stud mill is about six inches.
“We spent a good deal of time considering the wood supply that the mill traditionally had and working with the provincial government to ensure access to it was maintained,” says Ron Dunn, C & C Wood Products Group vice-president and chief operating officer.
“The resulting wood basket complements the stud mill very well and will continue to do so on a sustainable basis. We have some great options for products from the logs available, including some of our value added items.”
Longtime Edgewood Forest Products employee and mill manager, Andy Borsa.
This purchase marks another step outside of B.C. for Quesnel-based C & C Wood Products. About seven years ago, it purchased another mothballed Weyerhaeuser sawmill in Grande Cache, Alberta, largely because of the exceptional, tight grain, high strength, small knot, lodgepole pine wood basket attached to that sawmill, and renamed it Foothills Forest Products.
The Carrot River stud mill, which started up in January after five years of being in mothballs, not only opened a new frontier for C & C Wood Products, but it also represents an important milestone for Saskatchewan’s forest industry. In 2006, the province witnessed a near collapse of its forest industry precipitated by the closure of Weyerhaeuser’s pulp mill in Prince Albert as well as a drop in softwood lumber and panel board demand because of the United States housing crisis.
A number of forestry operations from sawmills to plywood plants to oriented strandboard plants shut down in reaction to both events. However, the recent re-commissioning of the Carrot River stud mill as Edgewood Forest Products and the Prince Albert pulp mill as Paper Excellence—as well as the reallocation of Weyerhaeuser’s large forest management area (FMA) to a number of other forest companies—signals the start of a new era for Saskatchewan’s forest industry.
But it is unlikely that even C & C Wood Products expected the positive things that happened when the line started producing lumber in Carrot River. Within only four days, the stud mill had achieved full production with 12 fewer employees.
“Production ramped up at a surprising speed and totally exceeded our expectations,” says Dunn. “We were very impressed with all the people involved in the start-up of the Carrot River mill. They are all a great group of individuals to work with.”
Borsa says staff were able to ramp up production so quickly because of how well maintained the mill was prior to the five years that it was shut down. The stud mill was also able to attract many of the experienced tradespeople who had worked there previously, back to their jobs. Borsa himself has been working on the Carrot River site for 36 years, in a management capacity since 1980 and as the plant manager since 1993. He says one reason why the stud mill is now able to operate with fewer employees is because working for a smaller company requires less administration and the stud mill has looked at ways to operate more efficiently. At present, it provides 50 jobs.
As part of its purchase agreement, C & C Wood Products also purchased Weyerhaeuser’s plywood plant in Hudson Bay, Saskatchewan, which has yet to reopen. Edgewood Forest Products is eager for that to happen as the opening of the plywood plant will provide the stud mill with a better home for its oversized logs, which are 13” and over.
The reopening of the stud mill in Carrot River, Saskatchewan opens a new chapter in the province’s forest industry under the leadership of new owners, C & C Wood Products, based in Quesnel, B.C., and has been a boost for the community. The reopened operation attracted many of the mill’s experienced employees back to their jobs.
Carrot River, about two-and-a-half hours northeast of Saskatoon, has a long association with the forest industry. In 1975, a government Crown corporation called the Saskatchewan Forest Products Corporation built a modern dimension lumber sawmill on the current stud mill site, as well as a plywood mill in Hudson Bay, providing logging jobs for local residents.
“This is a good area for a sawmill because we are right on the edge of the whole northern forested area, which puts us reasonably close to the raw material, but we’re not isolated,” says Borsa. “We have good infrastructure such as rail service, natural gas, decent power rates and a good highway system.” However, he acknowledges that distance to market has always been a challenge for the stud mill. With Weyerhaeuser, product was typically shipped to the American Midwest. Now, sales are more focused on the domestic market.
The government-owned dimension sawmill was converted to a stud mill in 1993 because private companies active in the area that were using smaller diameter timber had shut down. The government reacted by deciding to send smaller diameter timber to Carrot River to produce studs and larger logs to Hudson Bay to produce plywood.
A short time later, the Crown corporation entered into a partnership with MacMillan-Bloedel (MB), which had constructed a waferboard plant in Hudson Bay. This resulted in a new business entity called Saskfor-MacMillan Ltd. in an effort to more efficiently harvest the wood in the FMA supplying the waferboard plant, the stud mill and the plywood mill. The partnership was more efficient in managing the forest because it required fewer logging contractors as they could now harvest both the hardwood and softwood in one pass.
A series of quick ownership changes then occurred, with MB purchasing the government’s interest in the partnership. Eleven months later in 1999, Weyerhaeuser became the stud mill’s owner with its purchase of MB and that ownership scenario continued until the end of 2006 when Weyerhaeuser closed the stud mill. It also closed the pulp mill in Prince Albert, as well as the OSB plant and plywood plant in Hudson Bay. C & C Wood Products helped to breathe life back into the industry when it purchased the stud mill and the plywood plant in 2010.
Borsa says many Carrot River and area residents were happy and relieved to hear that C & C Wood Products had purchased the mill because of its importance to the community, not only for the jobs it provides directly but also logging jobs throughout northeastern Saskatchewan from Prince Albert to Hudson Bay.
“The five year closure was tough,” says Borsa, “although there wasn’t a mass exodus from Carrot River because I think people were optimistic that it would start again. When you talk to local business people, they are very happy and everyone is behind the mill 100 per cent. Being a small town, it’s very important economically.” He adds that the closure was especially hard on local logging contractors. A few managed to stay in business by picking up contracts wherever they could.
Today, the stud mill produces three to six inch width lumber in lengths from six to nine feet. They also produce some one inch thick appearance grade material in various lengths. The stud mill will produce 40 million board feet annually on one shift but is designed for two-shifts capable of double that production. Borsa says ramping up to two shifts will depend on the lumber market. At 40 million board feet, the stud mill is consuming about 150,000 cubic metres of softwood, consisting of about 70 per cent white and black spruce with the remainder jack pine.
“In 1993, when the mill was converted from a dimension mill to a stud mill, the equipment was all state-of-the-art,” says Borsa. “There’s been a few more bells and whistles added since, but basically, it’s still the same equipment.”
Eight and nine foot cut-to-length logs enter the stud mill on two infeed decks and are processed either through the 12” Nicholson A5 debarker or the 17” Nicholson A5 debarker, leading into seven sort bins.
The Edgewood Forest Products stud mill processes high quality, eight and nine foot cut-to-length logs. The tight grain, high strength logs produce a premium product.
The logs are then ribbon fed through an Optimil chip ’n saw. The stud mill is able to ribbon feed from each bin and achieve good recovery because the logs are sorted by diameter. After the chip ’n saw, the lumber encounters a Newnes four-sided scanner. Any material requiring remanufacturing is diverted through a Newnes board edger. All on-grade material drops down and bypasses the edger. All the lumber ends up in a Newnes 10-bin sorter and then to the stacker.
The lumber is kiln dried and sent to the planer mill where it is finished on a Coastal high speed stud planer and manually graded. Based on the grade mark, the finished lumber is trimmed on a Newnes multi-saw trimmer and sorted and stacked using a Newnes 16-bin sorter and stacker. The lumber is strapped using a Signode strapper, wrapped, and placed in queue for delivery either by truck or by rail.
The focus now is to generate income for the stud mill’s new owner, but Borsa says an eventual move into more value-added production would give the stud mill a better future.
“It obviously would give us a new market and another opportunity when commodity lumber prices go in the tank, so I think it’s important, a good strategy and the right direction. But to get there is going to take a bit of time,” he concludes.
 
 


 

 
This page and all contents ©1996-2015 Logging and Sawmilling Journal (L&S J) and TimberWest Journal.
    For personal or non-commercial use only.
    Any questions or comments on this site can be directed to Rob Stanhope, Principal (L&S J).
    Site design by Spilled Ink Studio
 


       






STRONG PRODUCTS GROUP, LTD., LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - MISSION VIEJO, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



MISSION VIEJO



Business Services, Nec



Business Services, Nec



                            STRONG PRODUCTS GROUP, LTD., LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
                                    



 





















S 


STRONG PRODUCTS GROUP, LTD., LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



27191 COMBA MISSION VIEJO, CA 92692
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated CA
 Annual Revenue $51,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services, Nec
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Strong Products Group, Ltd., Limited Partnership was founded in 2010. The company is located in Mission Viejo and incorporated in California. Strong Products Group, Ltd., Limited Partnership specializes in Business Services, Nec. Strong Products Group, Ltd., Limited Partnership has 1 employees and estimated revenues of $51,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 




    Brand Leadership | Edgewood Consulting Group    

























Edgewood Consulting Group
where insights drive innovation®





“The team at Edgewood provided a fresh and creative approach that made a real difference in building our business.” – Eric Beringause,
Former President & CEO,
Advanced Refreshment

Brand Leadership
Brands are the lifeblood of the CPG industry.  Both Manufacturers and Retailers understand the powerful rational and emotional connection between a product and the consumer.  Of course the challenge is establishing, maintaining and building Brands in a world of fierce competition and fragmented media and retail outlets.




overview
benefits
case study


Edgewood Consulting has significant experience as both practitioners and consultants in brand leadership. Our consultants have led successful initiatives in the following areas:

Traditional brand management across categories with leading CPG manufacturers.
New product development in numerous Food, OTC and Hard Good categories both in the US and internationally.
Rebranding initiatives that reposition a brand or company through the creation of new and differentiated identities.
Brand Development through Licensing, both as the Licensee and Licensor of various major equities.


 
Edgewood Consulting also provides a unique perspective and insight into the importance of Brands relative to the retail environment. In our view, Brand Leadership is a critical foundation for the effective development of Shopper Marketing, Category Management and most any important retailer initiative. Manufacturers need to first establish their own equity and credibility in a category or section of the store before creating and partnering in the development of in-store solutions with retailers.




The creation, nurturing and development of a Brand delivers an ongoing revenue stream, higher margins and greater promotional lifts.  Retailers are increasingly aware of the power and impact that strong Brands make to drawing traffic to their stores.  With that said, if a Brand doesn’t have equity with shoppers, or fails to provide a positive consumer experience, all the support in the world won’t create value.





Insights – The client had a small but high growth line of products in a unique segment that was being overlooked due to category softness. Evaluation of shopper behavior revealed that shelf configuration was not reflective of purchase dynamics and limiting the brand’s future growth opportunity.
Innovation – New shopper-based strategies were communicated to retailers. The client’s brand was highlighted as key not only to context growth but within the broader category of Meal Preparation, higher profitability and benefits to the overall store banner.
Implementation – Converted strategic initiative into tactical recommendations that could be implemented at retail. Included new shelf configuration that reflects consumer purchase process and category profitability and growth along with assortment recommendations to enhance overall efficiency and effectiveness.











 





