










 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Edmond De Rothschild Private Merchant Banking Llp: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:36 AM ET

Company Overview of Edmond De Rothschild Private Merchant Banking Llp



Snapshot People




Company Overview



4 CARLTON GARDENSLondon,  SW1Y 5AAUnited Kingdom










Key Executives for Edmond De Rothschild Private Merchant Banking Llp


Edmond De Rothschild Private Merchant Banking Llp does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "A T Promotions Limited Europe &&& Creative Ltd Europe (aq) Limited Europe (Dargan Road) Limited Europe (M K P) Maine Office Ltd Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Edmond De Rothschild Private Merchant Banking Llp, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Richard D. Beggs - Head of Private Banking at Edmond de Rothschild Private Merchant Banking LLP



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Richard D. Beggs
Head of Private Banking at Edmond de Rothschild Private Merchant Banking LLP



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History 


Richard D. Beggs
Head of Private Banking at Edmond de Rothschild Private Merchant Banking LLP



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 75 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Henrik O. Schliemann

Partner at Edmond de Rothschild Private Merchant Banking LLP




Paul F. Knox

Managing Director at J.P. Morgan Private Bank





Alison J. Bishop

Senior Wealth Manager & Executive Director to Coutts Private Office at Coutts & Co.




Yassi Sohrabi

Executive Director at J.P. Morgan Private Bank





James R. Walker

Former Managing Director at J.P. Morgan Private Bank




Roberta Gamba

Former Head of Portfolio Construction at J.P. Morgan Private Bank





Rebecca A. Eastmond

Former Head of Philanthropic Services UK at J.P. Morgan Private Bank




Olivier J. de Givenchy

Managing Director at J.P. Morgan Private Bank





Nicolas Dominique Armand Budry

Fund Manager at J.P. Morgan Private Bank




Christopher David Fletcher

Chief Financial Officer at Stonehage Fleming Family & Partners Ltd.







See 65 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 65 More 


 


 Paths to Richard D. Beggs



            Richard D. Beggs          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Richard D. Beggs






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Richard D. Beggs.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Head of Private Banking

                                    2013 - Current                


Edmond de Rothschild Private Merchant Banking LLP


                  Edmond de Rothschild Private Merchant Banking LLP, part of Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) SA, is a company headquartered in London, UK, that provides investment advice.                




Head of UK Investments

                                    2006 - 2012                


J.P. Morgan Private Bank


                  JPMIB-UK is a conservative manager which focuses on long-term capital preservation and appreciation. They  incorporate a forward-looking macroeconomic view of world markets in their asset allocation process, tailoring their investment approach to each clients' profile.The firm utilizes proprietary analytic tools to construct portfolios from a variety of asset classes, integrating risk management and tactical rebalancing in their investment process.JPMIB-UK distributes products managed both within the parent group and externally. They use an open architecture approach, targeting 'best of breed' third-party products for alternative investments such as hedge funds and private equity, where manager performances vary significantly.                





 Other Affiliations




              Richard D. Beggs is affiliated with
                            Edmond de Rothschild Private Merchant Banking LLP, J.P. Morgan Private Bank.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	
    Investment Solutions | Edmond de Rothschild




























































































































Rechercher































		Back to homepage
	
											
		Private Banking
	
















Facebook






Twitter






Google +






LinkedIn





















Investment Solutions

















Our expertise

                    Adapting to your needs
				






The Edmond de Rothschild Group has always been recognised for its expertise and it provides you with investment services suited to your needs.















Our approach
Personalised investment 










Our investment services adjust to your expectations and wealth management strategy. Your Private Banker can provide you with assistance and investment advice. In each case, our teams are there to provide you with the best possible investments solutions. They will direct you to the products best suited to your risk profile and your yield expectations, even in periods of low rates or turbulent markets.













What defines us?
A tailor-made culture 









true



Discretionary Investment Management
We recognise each client’s needs and approach to managing their investment portfolio are different. Using an array of tools we offer both classic and special mandates. For special mandates we develop a bespoke investment strategy, both innovative and personalised to suit your specific strategy, risk profile and objectives.


Focused advisory service
​Clients and bankers work in partnership, identifying and generating new investment ideas in the strategies or themes of interest to clients who want focussed advice on investments outside of a portfolio construct.  Investment ideas benefit from our market proximity and experience and allow client to benefit from the strong financial market experience of our bankers and to react actively o market events and investment opportunities.


Execution Service
As an independent investor, you make your own investment decisions and carry out the trades you feel are right for you supported by our highest standards of execution service.


Alternative investments



Managing Risks



Customised securities selection
We select the in-house, external securities and investment vehicles best-suited to your situation, on the stock market and among convertible, bond and monetary products. Your private banker will give you access to several hundred funds with the market's best managers and to our dedicated teams of analysts specialised in equities and the bond markets.


Private Equity
​Identifying and investing, or co-investing, in future trends can produce significant dividends. The Group has significant private equity heritage and expertise which can be accesses through your private banker.


Reporting and digital platform

















Need more information ?
Contact us





Edmond de Rothschild Private Merchant Banking LLP
4 Carlton Gardens SW1Y 5AA  LondonUnited Kingdom
+44 20 7845 8845









Write to us




































	
    Private Banking  | Edmond de Rothschild




























































































































Rechercher































		Back to homepage
	
											
		Private Banking
	
















Facebook






Twitter






Google +






LinkedIn





















Private Banking
















Your online account access
Private E-Banking 














Private e-banking provides online access to your private bank account via desktop, tablet and other mobile devices.




Login


















ONLINE VIEWING FACILITIES:


The value of each individual investment


Performance of your portfolio and individual investments


Asset allocation by type of security and by currency


Transaction history


Pending orders


Customised reports


 
ONLINE CLIENT SERVICES:


Purchase securities


Sell securities


Place spot foreign exchange trades


Create forward foreign exchange contracts






     

















Our business 

                    Preserving and building your wealth 
				






Our Private Banking business takes a global approach to managing your wealth. The Rothschilds have been bankers and entrepreneurs for seven generations. They have demonstrated the importance of protecting, growing and transferring family values and assets over that time.
















            "
            Independence, creativity and thoroughness have underpinned the Rothschilds' success for 250 years. Private Banking expresses these values through a combination of innovation and risk management." 

Benjamin de Rothschild

















Our approach
Understanding your needs and goals 










Effective wealth management primarily means growing your assets. However, it must also enable you to look ahead two or three generations.All family assets are different and every family is unique. Your Private Banker's intimate understanding of your needs means that they will be able to help you make the right decisions today for the future.  From investments to succession planning, our goal is to provide you with the best advice to protect and grow your assets, your trusted advisor will design a personalised, high-performance strategy tailored to your financial goals and risk profile.













What defines us? 
Specialist advice and international expertise  









true



A complete services offering
Whether you require wealth planning and structuring, customised portfolio management, asset diversification, corporate advisory consulting, real estate investments, artwork acquisition or philanthropy, our teams can assist you with every aspect of your personal and family wealth management.


A highly innovative approach
The professionals at the Edmond de Rothschild Group are renowned for their agility and innovation skills.  


Technical and specialised expertise
​From value picking and open-architecture investment fund selection to investment advisory, real estate risk analysis and private equity investments, our team members are all leading experts in their sector.


Rigorous risk monitoring and assessment
​As a result of its entrepreneurial profile, the Edmond de Rothschild Group pays particular attention to overall risk analysis and management from both personal and financial standpoints.


A dedicated and trusted advisor
Each one of our wealth management advisors develops a special, long-term relationship with their clients. Your advisor is always on hand, aware of your concerns and ready to answer your questions and meet your needs.


Personalised solutions
We are a banking group sized to meet each of our clients' personal needs and objectives, whether personal, professional or family.  This has allowed us to be a very agile and creative centre of excellence adept at developing strategies and solutions tailored to our clients specific needs and objectives. 


An international presence and outlook 
The Edmond de Rothschild Group has 31 offices in 19 countries. Regardless of if you are in Hong Kong, Geneva, London, Milan, Tel Aviv, Paris or Luxembourg, your private bank is always close by. Our multilingual and multicultural teams are trained to deal with a full range of local and international issues.



















Investment services

Investment services suited to your needs
Learn more 








Asset management

The widest possible selection of investments
Learn more 








Wealth engineering

The best possible decisions to structure and increase your asset
Learn more 








Financing and corporate solutions

The best advice to executives and their families
Learn more 








Exclusive services and opportunities

Access to exclusive opportunities
Learn more 








Asset management















Need more information? 
Contact us





Edmond de Rothschild Private Merchant Banking LLP
4 Carlton Gardens SW1Y 5AA  LondonUnited Kingdom
+44 20 7845 8845









Write to us


































    Edmond De Rothschild Private Merchant Banking LLP | United Kingdom | DueDil
    Search for a company or director
  Sign InSign InProductTeamsCustomersPlansAboutInternationalBlogHelpTalk to sales 020 3137 8490
    Product
  
    Teams
  
    Customers
  
    Plans
  
    About
  
    Contact DueDil
  
        Edmond De Rothschild Private Merchant Banking LLP
    GB|ActiveReportAdd to ListKey InformationActivityNews & SocialPeopleLocationsDirectorsOwnershipGroupDocumentsFinancialsCredit RiskTurnover
                                          1.8M
                                                                                        GBP78.70%
                                          Net Assets
                                          2.5M
                                                                                        GBP67.02%
                                          Return on Capital Employed (%)
                                          -247.3
                                                                                        %Debt to Capital (%)
                                          57.51
                                                                                        %DetailsCompany nameEdmond De Rothschild Private Merchant Banking LLPCompany numberOC377099Legal Entity Identifier213800LRPSETF2FZUZ64
                                                         Source
                                  Company typeOtherIncorporation date20 Jul 2012Type of accounts filingFull AccountsLatest annual returns
                            12 Jul 2017
                        Next annual returns due
                                26 Jul 2018
                                                                                            Latest annual accounts
                                    31 Dec 2015
                                Next annual accounts due
                                30 Sep 2017
                                                                                            SIC 2003
                                —
                            SIC 2007
                                —
                            WebsiteAdd websiteSocial MediaRegistered Address4 Carlton GardensLondonSW1Y 5AAUnited KingdomTrading addresses and phone numbers
                            Find contact information in the Locations tab.
                        Go to LocationsDescription
            
                
            
    Edmond De Rothschild Private Merchant Banking LLP was incorporated on 20 Jul 2012        and is located in London.
                The company's status is listed as "Active".                             
                It currently has  2 directors.
    
                        The company's first directors were Edmond De Rothschild (UK) Limited, Lcf Edmond De Rothschild Securities Limited, Christoph Michael Ladanyi.                        Edmond De Rothschild Private Merchant Banking LLP
                    does not have any subsidiaries.        RegulationFinancial Conduct Authority See the FCA status of any company. For Enterprise users only.
                        Cash5,020,000 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Liabilities3,382,000 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Net Assets2,499,000 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Assets5,870,000 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Registered NamesFromUntilPrevious Name30 Jun 2008PresentWidgets R Us Ltd01 Jun 197030 Jun 2008Widgets Were Us LtdRegistered NamesFind out if this company has traded using a different registered name.See sampleCompany characteristicsIndustry Keywords
                                        investment
                                    
                                        advisory services
                                    
                                        business owners
                                    
                                        family office
                                    Size
                                    Small
                                
                                Turnover
                                (Min
                                to
                                6.5M)
                            Age
                                    Startup
                                
                                0-5 years
                            Location
                                    SW1Y
                                AboutChoose a DescriptionDueDil DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionHelp keep this company's profile up to date.Add a DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionThe provision to offer a broad range of strategic, corporate and investment and advisory services to business owners, their companies, family offices and wealthy individuals. Limited by guarantee.LocationChoose an AddressRegistered addressTrading address4 Carlton GardensLondonSW1Y 5AAUnited Kingdom4 Carlton GardensLondonSW1Y 5AAUnited KingdomView mapView map
                                    Get rich data on the companies that matter to you.
                            
                                    DueDil provides company information to help businesses find opportunities and mitigate risk.
                            Make your business more agile and resilient today.View PlansLearn MoreGrow RevenueStreamline OnboardingMinimise RiskImprove Collaboration×