










 



  EDMARSA Quote - Edmond de Rothschild MARS Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Edmond de Rothschild MARS   EDMARSA:IM      Liquidated   EDMARSA:IM was liquidated   EUR             Fund Type   Open-End Fund                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Global Allocation    Asset Class Focus   Mixed Allocation    Geographic Focus   Global    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (m EUR) (on 04/09/2013)   93.675    Inception Date   07/31/2008    Last Dividend (on 10/31/2011)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   1.50%    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   Edmond de Rothschild MARS is an open-end fund incorporated in Italy. The Fund aims to achieve absolute performance, regular and non-correlated to traditional asset classes by investing primarily in shares of other UCITS speculative.    Address  Edmond de Rothschild SGR SpACorso Venezia 3620121 MilanoItaly   Phone  39-02-760611   Website   www.edmond-de-rothschild.com              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Edmond de Rothschild SGR SpA: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























edmond de rothschild sgr spa
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Edmond de Rothschild SGR SpA operates as an investment management firm. The Company offers portfolio management and advisory services to individuals, institutions, trusts, private funds, charitable organizations, and investment companies. Edmond de Rothschild serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

Palazzo Chiesa
Corso Venezia 36
Milano, 20121
Italy


Phone:
39-02-76-061-1


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.edmond-de-rothschild.com





Board Members




Board Members
Company


Maurice Levy
Publicis Groupe SA


























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































































Citigroup Inc. Boosts CA Inc. (CA) Price Target to $36.00 - American Banking News




















































Home
Get Email Updates
About
Disclaimer
Contact
Privacy Policy









 
			

















Business News
U.S. News
World News
Stock Ratings

Analysts' Upgrades
Analysts' Downgrades
Analysts' EPS Estimates
Analysts' Price Targets
Analysts' New Coverage


Corporate Earnings

Earnings Results
Earnings Guidance
Earnings Previews


Dividends
Insider Trades
Options
Press Releases






















CA Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 











 Recent Stories


Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Proofpoint (PFPT)


Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corporation (WMC)


Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for TCP Capital Corp. (TCPC)


Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Supernus Pharmaceuticals (SUPN)


Short Interest in Urban Outfitters, Inc. (URBN) Drops By 12.4%


Wendy’s Company (The) (NASDAQ:WEN) Short Interest Down 10.9% in July


HomeStreet (HMST) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates


Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for U.S. Silica Holdings (SLCA)


Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Caesars Entertainment Corporation (CZR)


Matador Resources (MTDR) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes


Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Laredo Petroleum (LPI)


Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN)


SunPower Corporation (NASDAQ:SPWR) Short Interest Down 8.7% in July


Short Interest in United Bankshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:UBSI) Drops By 22.0%


Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest


PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL) Short Interest Update


Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:PTEN) Short Interest Down 10.5% in July


Paychex, Inc. (NASDAQ:PAYX) Short Interest Update


PDC Energy, Inc. (PDCE) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest


O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest





 






						Citigroup Inc. Boosts CA Inc. (CA) Price Target to $36.00					

June 28th, 2017  • 0 comments • Filed Under •
 by ABMN Staff



							Filed Under: Market News 






Tweet










CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) had its price target raised by equities research analysts at Citigroup Inc.  from $34.00 to $36.00 in a report issued on Wednesday. The brokerage presently has a “neutral” rating on the technology company’s stock. Citigroup Inc.’s target price suggests a potential upside of 3.12% from the stock’s current price.
A number of other brokerages have also recently issued reports on CA. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 target price on shares of CA in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of CA from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  restated a “market perform” rating on shares of CA in a research report on Friday, May 12th. Raymond James Financial, Inc.  restated a “market perform” rating on shares of CA in a research report on Thursday, June 22nd. Finally, DA Davidson  restated a “neutral” rating and set a $12.00 target price on shares of CA in a research report on Friday, May 19th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. CA  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $34.88.


 Get CA Inc. alerts:



CA (NASDAQ CA) traded down 1.80% on Wednesday, hitting $34.28. 1,878,048 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $14.32 billion, a PE ratio of 18.53 and a beta of 0.92. CA has a 12 month low of $30.01 and a 12 month high of $34.99. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $31.93 and its 200 day moving average is $32.09. 




CA (NASDAQ:CA) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.05. CA had a net margin of 19.20% and a return on equity of 17.15%. The firm had revenue of $1.01 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $996.59 million. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.60 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up .3% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities research analysts expect that  CA will post $2.38 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, June 13th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 25th were given a dividend of $0.255 per share. The ex-dividend date  was Tuesday, May 23rd. This represents a $1.02 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.92%. CA’s payout ratio is currently 55.14%. 
WARNING: This report was originally  posted by American Banking News and is owned by of American Banking News. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be viewed at https://www.americanbankingnews.com/2017/06/28/ca-inc-ca-rating-reiterated-by-citigroup-inc.html. 
In related news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total value of $1,075,510.28. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 168,455 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,000,367.10. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own  0.90% of the company’s stock. 
Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in shares of  CA by 2,711.1% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 20,716,899 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $657,139,000 after buying an additional 19,979,935 shares during the period.  Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in  CA by 27.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 26,311,643 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $834,606,000 after buying an additional 5,729,276 shares in the last quarter.  Norges Bank purchased a new position in  CA during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $105,650,000.  Macquarie Group Ltd. raised its position in  CA by 4.6% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 23,245,474 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $738,510,000 after buying an additional 1,029,064 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, FIL Ltd raised its position in  CA by 13.1% in the first quarter. FIL Ltd now owns 8,352,008 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $264,926,000 after buying an additional 964,522 shares in the last quarter. 71.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 
About CA
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.





Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 































Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!











			© Copyright American Banking and Market News 2006-2017. All rights reserved. 

Privacy Policy and Disclosures |
			About | Advertising 
			| Contact







Content on this website is not meant to be a recommendation or an offer to buy or sell any security. Click here to read our full disclaimer.











































	
    Home | Edmond de Rothschild































































































































Rechercher














































Facebook






Twitter






Google +






LinkedIn

























+











Outlook & Convictions n°1

This publication presents Edmond de Rothschild’s key convictions for macroeconomics, asset allocation strategy, and the principal asset classes.











A highly charged day for Gitana Team

At 08:30 GMT this Monday, the first oceanic trimaran designed to fly offshore was launched in Vannes, south-west Brittany, under the proud gaze of her owners, Ariane and Benjamin de Rothschild, her designers and builders, and of course the whole of Gitana Team supporting skipper Sébastien Josse. 











Sustainable development lies at the core of the Group’s commitment and the unique nature of its investment product offering

The Edmond de Rothschild Group’s 2016 Sustainable Development Report has just been released. In their introductory message, Ariane and Benjamin de Rothschild focus on the need to leverage the uniqueness of the Group which incorporates sustainable development as a central theme in its commitment, reflecting our ability to anticipate and respond in innovative ways to the changing outside world and our aspiration to make a positive contribution to society’s progress. 











Big Data: the digital revolution that is transforming businesses

What economic reality hides behind the word Big Data? Is the Big Data trend here to stay? Does Big Data really offer companies potential for creating value, and if so, which players are concerned?








+










Outlook & Convictions n°1









A highly charged day for Gitana Team









Sustainable development lies at the core of the Group’s commitment and the unique nature of its investment product offering









Big Data: the digital revolution that is transforming businesses



























































	
    Cookies | Edmond de Rothschild


































































































































Rechercher












































Facebook






Twitter






Google +






LinkedIn


















Cookie Settings

Your cookie settings on this website



Technical cookies
These cookies are necessary in order for our website to work properly 
                    Yes




Performance & tracking cookies
These cookies measure our site traffic and allow us to improve its functionalities

                No

                Yes




Social network cookies
These cookies allow you to connect to, share on and see comment within social networks 
                                                                                                                                           No
                                                                                                                                       




Ad Serving cookies
Our sites do not contain any advertising 
                    No





 













Data management




Cookies policy




This cookies policy outlines how the information collected on this website is handled. 
Cookies
All the websites of the Edmond de Rothschild Group and its subsidiaries use cookies for statistical purposes and to improve the experience of its users. One kind of cookie that we use (a technical cookie) is essential to improve your browser experience (e.g.: to avoid having to identify yourself each time you login).
What is a cookie?
Cookies are files which are stored on your computer to keep track of your visits to the website and your preferences as you move between pages. Sometimes they are used to save settings between visits. Cookies allow statistics to be gathered about how users view website content in order to enhance its functionality and its user-friendliness.
How are cookies used on this website?
The cookies we store on the websites of the Edmond de Rothschild Group and its subsidiaries are used to:
gather anonymous statistics concerning website visits and visitors as well as its pages so that we can determine which parts of the website are working well and which need to be improved
to improve the speed and performance of the website pages
Deleting or modifying cookies
You may decline the cookies set by the website at any time by deleting them. This can be done via the settings of your Internet browser.




































	
    Terms and conditions | Edmond de Rothschild































































































































Rechercher












































Facebook






Twitter






Google +






LinkedIn





















Terms and conditions














Copyright
 The entire content of the present website is subject to copyright with all rights reserved. Any reproduction, in whole or in part, transmission (by any technical means), modification, link into or use of any information displayed on the website for public or commercial purposes is prohibited unless with Edmond de Rothschild Group prior written approval.
You may only download the pages of this website on your hard disk or print them for your personal use and provided you include all mentions relating to copyrights or other mentions concerning intellectual property rights on each copy and do not use any of the pages in any other work or publication in whatever medium stored.
The information and opinions contained in the present website site are provided for personal use and informational purposes only and are subject to change without notice.
No offer
 The content of this internet site is purely informative, and is not aimed at promoting the services of Edmond de Rothschild Group. It is intended to widen awareness of the bank's reputation. No information appearing on this site shall be deemed as an offer for services or products, in particular bank products, from Edmond de Rothschild Group. nor as an offer or the solicitation for a purchase or sale of securities or of any other investment product. The bank does not offer any online services or benefits on this site. Nothing on this site shall be deemed as a public call nor selling, whatever its form, qualification or denomination nor shall it be construed as a proactive behaviour from Edmond de Rothschild Group. towards third parties. Every contact with the bank from third parties must be considered as the latter's sole initiative.
Third parties’ content
 Through the present website, Edmond de Rothschild Group hosts video, audio, graphic and text content emanating from external contributors. Edmond de Rothschild Group does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on its website, and will remove content uploaded by external contributors, if properly notified that such content infringes on another's intellectual property rights. If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed in any way by the content hosted on the present website, please immediately contact Edmond de Rothschild Group and provide Edmond de Rothschild Group with all information allowing to establish your intellectual property rights.
Limitation of liability
 Banque Privée Edmond de Rothschild S.A, shall have no liability for any direct or indirect loss or damage suffered or incurred as a result of your relying on information or material published on this website.
No reliance and no warranty
 While Edmond de Rothschild Group uses reasonable efforts to obtain information from sources believed to be reliable, no warranty expressed or implied is made regarding the accuracy, reliability, actuality and completeness of any information or opinion contained in this website.
Moreover, the information displayed on the website does not constitute, and shall not be considered under any circumstances, as investment, legal, tax or other advice. As an investor, you should seek independent advice before undertaking any financial transactions based on information contained in the present website. The value of investments may go down as well as up and favorable past performance shall constitute no guarantee of favorable future performances.
Confidentiality and integrity
 Edmond de Rothschild Group will use reasonable efforts to ensure the security of its website against intrusion and viruses, but is unable to guarantee the confidentiality and integrity of Internet communications. Accordingly, you acknowledge that messages sent to Edmond de Rothschild Group by electronic means may be intercepted and/or modified as regards to both their content and origin. Edmond de Rothschild Group excludes all liability in this respect.
Data protection
 The use of the present website by visitors does not require the transmission of personal data by Edmond de Rothschild Group and Edmond de Rothschild Group does not intend to collect or process visitors’ personal data through its website.
Notwithstanding the above and to the extent that IP addresses can be considered as personal data, you agree that your use of the website may imply the automatic transmission of your IP address to Edmond de Rothschild Group through cookies or other comparable technical means. In any event, Edmond de Rothschild Group undertakes not to transfer your IP address or any other of your personal data to any third party, in Switzerland or abroad.
Governing laws
 Use of the present website is exclusively subject to the laws of Switzerland and the courts of Geneva, Switzerland shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all claims or disputes arising in relation to, the website and its use.



































	
    Contact webmaster | Edmond de Rothschild































































































































Rechercher












































Facebook






Twitter






Google +






LinkedIn





















Contact webmaster

















Your feedback is important to us
Contact us





Edmond de Rothschild
Digital Marketing & Communication department International










Write to us




































	
    Sustainable Development Reports | Edmond de Rothschild































































































































Rechercher































		Back to homepage
	
											
		Sustainable development
	
















Facebook






Twitter






Google +






LinkedIn





















Sustainable Development Reports



















7/5/2017ReportsSustainability Report 2016Download document
7/5/2016Reports2015 Sustainable Development Report Learn more
6/30/2015Reports2014 Sustainable Development Report Learn more



































	
    Careers | Edmond de Rothschild


































































































































Rechercher































		Back to homepage
	
											
		Careers
	
















Facebook






Twitter






Google +






LinkedIn





















Careers
















Our employees
The key to our success 










We owe the success of our business to the women and men on our teams. Our employees' commitment is the foundation of the excellent service the Edmond de Rothschild Group guarantees its clients. We make sure that each one can advance in their career by providing an environment that promotes professional development. 
















Our culture, our values
Concordia, Integritas, Industria



Learn more


















Profiles sought 










We know that the world is changing quickly and we're looking for a range of profiles. Experience in finance is an asset.
Young graduatesTo provide the best for our clients, we recruit young employees from diverse backgrounds with degrees acknowledged for their excellence and who identify with our values. They are entrepreneurs who like teamwork, and are curious and committed. They form a talent pool which contributes to the Edmond de Rothschild Group's prestige.We attend many career forums and offer internships at different stages of students' education.Experienced candidates
Our business lines recruit people at different stages in their careers. Please contact us.














The recruiting process 










Our recruiting process is designed to match the skills and personality of each candidate with our needs and professional environment. It always includes meetings with selected business professionals and an HR representative.Would you like to join us? Our current offers are available in the "Employment Offers" section. Or, feel free to send us an unsolicited application.

















Private Banking

A 360° approach to protect and grow our clients’ wealth
Learn more 








Asset management

A multi-specialist model to provide the best of asset management
Learn more 








Corporate Finance

Recognized legitimacy among entrepreneurial families
Learn more 








Private Equity

Long-term view and innovative opportunities
Learn more 








Institutional and Fund Services

State-of-the-art expertise at your service
Learn more 








Asset management














Edmond de Rothschild offices
Our global presence 




















Business


Business
Private Banking
Institutional and Fund Services
Asset Management
Corporate Finance
Private Equity




Country


Country




City


City












Write to us






































	
    Legal information































































































































Rechercher

















































Facebook






Twitter






Google +






LinkedIn





















Legal information













The news, analyses and data published on this website are indicative, not contractual in nature and may change without notice. They do not constitute an offer of purchase or sale or financial advice or any undertaking whatsoever on the part of Edmond de Rothschild (Italia) SGR SpA or of Edmond de Rothschild (France) Succursale Italiana.Previous performance mentioned on this website is no indication of future performance. Edmond de Rothschild SGR Spa and Edmond de Rothschild (France) Succursale Italiana accept no liability for the content or use, or for the direct or indirect consequences of the use, of news and analyses on this regularly updated website. All such news and analyses have been collected and processed by what the Company believes are reliable sources. This website is directed primarily at Italian individuals and legal entities. Access to the products and services shown on this website may be subject to legal restriction or prohibition in certain countries. Individuals accessing these products and services should ensure that they meet the legal requirements applying in their country of residence. Consultation of the website does not mean that you should not consult your own financial, legal and fiscal consultants before forming an opinion on the use of the products concerning the website. Potential users should carefully consider the suitability of investments in light of their own personal positions and financial resources. Before signing up for any product, you are therefore advised to read the contractual documents on the investment carefully. Holders of personal access codes to certain website functions have sole liability for the use of those codes, which must not be disclosed to third parties. The use of all or any part of this website (logo, photographs, design, analyses, news, data, assessments, etc.) is totally prohibited. Data may not be reproduced without prior written agreement, requests for which should be sent to Edmond de Rothschild SGR SpA or Edmond de Rothschild (France) Succursale Italiana. Cookies and tracking: By using the website, you recognise that the information it contains is the property of Edmond de Rothschild SGR SpA and Edmond de Rothschild (France) Succursale Italiana, which own the website.Copyright© La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque 2000 - 2008. All rights reserved



































	
    ListNews | Edmond de Rothschild































































































































Rechercher































		Back to homepage
	
											
		Corporate
	
















Facebook






Twitter






Google +






LinkedIn

































More news

































