

Robert Coomber Holderith: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:39 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of EGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares EM Equity Value ETF



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Robert Coomber Holderith  Portfolio Manager, EGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares EM Equity Value ETFAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 17 different industries.52--
Background

		Mr. Robert Coomber Holderith, also known as Bob, Founded Emerging Global Advisors, LLC in September 2008 and has been its President since September 2008. Mr. Holderith is a Registered Representative at ALPS Distributors Inc. He serves as Portfolio Manager of EGA funds in its fund complex. He served as Chairman and President of EGA Emerging Global Shares Trust funds in its fund complex. Mr. Holderith served as Chief Compliance Officer at the Emerging Global Advisors, ... LLC. Prior to that, Mr. Holderith was the Managing Director of Institutional Sales and Investment Analytics at ProShare Advisors LLC and ProFund Advisors from June 2006 to August 2008. He was a member of the Emerging's ETF steering, product development, strategic and tactical distribution and product launch teams. Previously, Mr. Holderith spent nine years at UBS, where he led a variety of product, asset management and senior sales initiatives as a Consultant and a Program Manager. He was a senior member of the firm's wealth management team and helped develop the Emerging's ETF models, advisory ETF portfolio management platform, discretionary asset management programs, equity model portfolios, security screening system and portfolio management trading system. Previously, Mr. Holderith was a Corporate Vice President and Director of UBS Financial Services Inc from January 2000 to May 2006. He has extensive experience in ETF products and modeling ETF portfolios including developing ETF based business models since 2000. He has been a Trustee at Ega Frontier Diversified Core Fund since 2012. Mr. Holderith was a Director of UBS Wealth Management USA.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
225 Franklin StreetBoston, Massachusetts 02110United StatesPhone: 617-385-9580Fax: 877-303-7454
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
UBS Financial Services Inc.ProShare Advisors LLCEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares Emerging Markets Metals & Mining ETFEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares Energy GEMS ETFEmerging Global Advisors, LLCEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares China Infrastructure ETFEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares Brazil Infrastructure ETFColumbia ETF Trust II - Columbia India Small Cap ETFColumbia ETF Trust II - Columbia India Infrastructure ETFColumbia ETF Trust II - Columbia Emerging Markets Consumer ETFEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares Basic Materials GEMS ETFEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares Consumer Goods GEMS ETFEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares Consumer Services Gems ETFEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares Health Care Gems ETFEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares Industrials GEMS ETFEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares Technology GEMS ETFEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares Utilities GEMS ETFEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares Telecom GEMS ETFColumbia ETF Trust II - Columbia EM Quality Dividend ETFColumbia ETF Trust II - Columbia India Consumer ETFColumbia ETF Trust II - Columbia EM Strategic Opportunities ETFEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares Beyond BRICs Emerging Asia Consumer ETFColumbia ETF Trust II - Columbia Beyond BRICs ETFColumbia ETF Trust II - Columbia Emerging Markets Core ETFEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares Emerging Markets Core Balanced ETFEga Frontier Diversified Core FundEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares Emerging Markets Dividend Growth ETFEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares EM Dividend High Income ETFEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares Asia Consumer Demand ETFEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares Blue Chip ETFEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGA Emerging Markets Consumer FundEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGA Beyond BRICs Opportunities FundEGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGA Emerging Markets Core FundColumbia ETF Trust II - Columbia EM Core ex-China ETF


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact EGA Emerging Global Shares Trust - EGShares EM Equity Value ETF, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Ega Emerging Global Shares Trust (EGA): Login, Bill Pay, Customer Service and Care Sign-In




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











No-Action Letter: Emerging Global Advisors, LLC (February 27, 2013)
















Home | Previous Page


























Investment Company Act of 1940 — Section 15(a)
Emerging Global Advisors, LLC and EGA Emerging Global Shares Trust
February 27, 2013
RESPONSE OF THE OFFICE OF CHIEF COUNSEL
DIVISION OF INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
Our Ref. No. 801-69832
Your letter dated February 27, 2013, requests our assurance that we would not recommend enforcement action to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“Commission”) under section 15(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (“1940 Act”) against Emerging Global Advisors, LLC (“EGA”) or EGA Emerging Global Shares Trust (“Trust”) if, under the circumstances described below, EGA provides services and receives compensation under an amended investment advisory agreement between EGA and the Trust and establishes a unified fee (“Unified Fee”) without obtaining shareholder approval.
BACKGROUND
You state the following:
The Trust
The Trust is a Delaware statutory trust registered as an open-end, management investment company under the 1940 Act.  The Trust was formed in 2008.  The Trust currently has 22 operating series, each of which operates as a separate investment portfolio that is an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”).
The Trust has two investment advisers that are not affiliated with each other: ALPS Advisors Inc. (“ALPS”) and EGA, each of which provides investment advisory services to the Trust pursuant to a separate investment advisory agreement with the Trust.1
EGA
EGA is registered with the Commission as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (“Advisers Act”).  EGA serves as an investment adviser to the Funds pursuant to an investment advisory agreement, entitled “Sub-Advisory Agreement,” between EGA and the Trust on behalf of each of the Funds (“EGA Agreement”).  The EGA Agreement was approved in accordance with section 15(a) of the 1940 Act.  Under the EGA Agreement, EGA is responsible for the investment program of the Funds, including deciding what securities to purchase and sell, and the provision of reports to the board of trustees of the Trust (“Board”) and to ALPS.  As compensation for EGA’s services, the Trust pays EGA a management fee based on each Fund’s average daily net assets.  
ALPS
ALPS, a Colorado corporation, serves as the Funds’ investment adviser pursuant to an investment advisory agreement, entitled “Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement,” between ALPS and the Trust on behalf of each of the Funds (“ALPS Agreement”).  The ALPS Agreement was approved in accordance with section 15(a) of the 1940 Act, most recently by shareholders of the Funds as part of a proxy solicitation culminating in shareholder meetings held in 2011 and 2012 (“ALPS Solicitation”).  Under the ALPS Agreement, ALPS is charged with responsibility for the investment program of the Funds.  As investment adviser, ALPS oversees EGA’s day-to-day portfolio management of the Funds and provides reports to the Board. 
Proposed Amendments to the EGA Agreement
EGA as Sole Investment Adviser
The Board is considering retaining EGA as the sole investment adviser for the Funds because EGA has recently received an order from the Commission allowing funds for which it serves as investment adviser to operate as ETFs (“EGA Order”).2  As a result, the Funds can now operate as ETFs under the EGA Order if EGA serves as the sole investment adviser.
A shareholder vote is not required to terminate the ALPS Agreement.  By its terms, the EGA Agreement would not terminate even if the ALPS agreement were terminated. As the sole investment adviser, EGA would not be called upon to provide any additional services not already covered by the EGA Agreement.  Accordingly, a shareholder vote would not be necessary for EGA to continue to provide advisory services to the Funds pursuant to the EGA Agreement.
In the event that the Board and ALPS agree to terminate the ALPS Agreement, EGA and the Trust would like to make certain changes to the EGA Agreement without obtaining shareholder approval.3  While EGA could continue to provide investment advisory services to the Funds pursuant to the EGA Agreement in its current form, EGA and the Trust would like to amend the EGA Agreement in order to reflect that ALPS would no longer be serving as investment adviser and to make conforming changes to the EGA Agreement.  The proposed amendments would not change the services provided by EGA or the compensation paid to EGA under the EGA Agreement, although the aggregate management fees payable by the Funds would decrease if ALPS were no longer an investment adviser.4 
Unified Fee
In addition, EGA proposes to amend the EGA Agreement to introduce a “Unified Fee,” whereby EGA would pay from its advisory fee all of the Fund’s ordinary operating expenses (except for EGA’s advisory fee, taxes, interest, rule 12b-1 fees,5 brokerage expenses, litigation expenses, and extraordinary or other non-routine expenses, all of which would continue to be borne by the Funds).  Although EGA proposes to assume these expenses under the Unified Fee, EGA does not propose to increase the advisory fees currently charged under the EGA Agreement or to otherwise change or reduce any of the services currently provided by EGA.6
ANALYSIS
Section 15(a) of the 1940 Act generally provides that no person may serve as an investment adviser to a registered investment company except pursuant to a written contract that, among other things, has been approved by the vote of a majority of the company’s outstanding voting securities.  Any material change in an advisory agreement creates a new contract that must be approved in accordance with section 15(a).7
Removing References to ALPS from the EGA Agreement
You argue that shareholder approval is not required to remove references to ALPS from the EGA Agreement because these changes are non-material.8  You state that the current EGA Agreement could continue in effect as-is without shareholder approval because the provisions that refer to ALPS would simply have no effect once ALPS is no longer serving as an investment adviser to the Funds.  For example, EGA would no longer be required to provide reports requested by ALPS when ALPS is no longer an investment adviser to the Trust.  Significantly, the removal of references to ALPS from the EGA Agreement would not alter any of EGA’s affirmative obligations under the EGA Agreement with respect to the Funds or the Board, and therefore would not reduce the nature and quality of services provided to the Funds by EGA.   
You further believe that shareholder approval of the proposed amendments to the EGA Agreement would serve no useful purpose.  If shareholders voted in the affirmative, the EGA Agreement would be formally amended.  If they voted against the amendments the EGA Agreement would remain as-is, and the provisions that reference ALPS would simply have no effect. You state that there is no real decision for shareholders to make, and thus a vote would serve no purpose.
You note that during the ALPS Solicitation in connection with ALPS’ change in control in 2011, the Funds experienced significant difficulty in achieving quorum and obtaining shareholder votes, and the proxy solicitation was highly disruptive to all of the parties, including the Funds’ shareholders.  You believe that a proxy solicitation to obtain shareholder approval of the amendments to the EGA Agreement outlined above would likewise be expensive, time consuming and disruptive, and would not provide shareholders with any meaningful benefits.
Adding the Unified Fee to the EGA Agreement
You believe that the adoption of the Unified Fee would be advantageous to the Funds’ shareholders because EGA will take on the obligation to pay the Funds’ ordinary operating expenses without any increase in EGA’s advisory fee.  You state that the Funds are currently obligated to pay these expenses, although EGA has consistently entered into annual voluntary expense waiver and reimbursement agreements with the Trust that typically cap a Fund’s ordinary operating expenses at the same rate as EGA’s advisory fee.  Under the Unified Fee, EGA’s obligation to bear these expenses would become part of the EGA Agreement, and would therefore no longer be subject to EGA’s voluntary renewal of the expense waiver and reimbursement agreements.  
You assert that there is substantial precedent that would allow EGA to adopt the Unified Fee without obtaining shareholder approval of an amendment to the EGA Agreement, particularly where there is no increase in EGA’s advisory fees and no diminution in the services that EGA provides to the Funds.9  You argue that the adoption of the Unified Fee would be more advantageous to the Funds’ shareholders than the facts in recent Commission staff guidance (which addressed the aggregation of advisory and administration fees) because EGA proposes to assume all of the Funds’ ordinary operating expenses (not just administrative fees) without any increase in the fees charged under the current EGA Agreement.  
You also believe that a majority of the Funds’ shareholders would always vote for EGA to assume the obligation to pay the Funds’ ordinary operating expenses in order to eliminate the possibility that the Funds’ net expenses might increase in the future.  Accordingly, you argue that no purpose would be served by holding a vote for the adoption of the Unified Fee.10 
Based on the facts and representations set forth in your letter, we would not recommend enforcement action to the Commission against EGA or the Trust under section 15(a) of the 1940 Act if EGA provides services and receives compensation under an amended investment advisory agreement between EGA and the Trust and establishes a Unified Fee without obtaining shareholder approval.  Our position is based particularly on your representations that:
The proposed amendments would not reduce or modify in any way the nature and level of advisory services provided to the Funds by EGA and 
The total advisory fees paid to EGA under the amended EGA Agreement and Unified Fee would not exceed the advisory fees payable under the current EGA Agreement.

We note that any future material change to the amended EGA Agreement, including any amendment that results in increasing the Unified Fee, would require approval by shareholders in accordance with section 15(a).
This response expresses our view on enforcement action only and does not express any legal conclusions on the issues presented. Because our position is based upon all of the facts and representations in your letter, any different facts or representations may require a different conclusion.
Catherine A. Courtney
Senior Counsel
1   With respect to 21 of the 22 operating series (“Funds”), ALPS is identified as each Fund’s investment adviser in Fund registration statements and product descriptions, and EGA is identified as each Fund’s sub-adviser in Fund registration statements and product descriptions. EGA is the sole investment adviser to EGShares Emerging Markets Core ETF, an operating series of the Trust, pursuant to a separate investment advisory agreement between EGA and the Trust, which is not part of this request for no-action relief. 
2   Emerging Global Advisors, LLC and EGA Emerging Global Shares Trust, Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 30184 (August 28, 2012) (notice) and 30212 (September 25, 2012) (order).  You state that when the Trust filed its initial registration statement in 2008, ALPS had received a similar order (“ALPS Order”), but EGA had not.  ALPS Advisers, Inc., ALPS ETF Trust and ALPS Distributors, Inc., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 28235 (April 9, 2008) (notice) and 28262 (May 1, 2008) (order).  
3   The proposed amendments to the EGA Agreement would be considered by the Trust’s Board.  The amendments would be made only if approved by a majority of the Board’s trustees, including a majority of the trustees who are not interested persons of EGA.  The Trust will promptly notify the Trust’s shareholders of the amendments by delivery of the revised prospectus or supplement after the Board approves the amendments and the revised EGA Agreement becomes effective, which is expected to coincide with the termination of the ALPS Agreement. 
4   Because of EGA’s current voluntary expense waiver and reimbursement agreement, net expenses for the Funds may be the same even after ALPS ceases to serve as investment adviser, as well as after the proposed adoption of a Unified Fee.
5   The Funds have established rule 12b-1 plans but have no current intention of implementing them and will not do so without obtaining further Board approval.
6   The Funds’ net expenses under the Unified Fee also are not expected to increase as compared to current net expenses after expense waivers and reimbursements because EGA has typically capped ordinary operating expenses at the same rate as its advisory fee.
7   See Franklin Templeton Group of Funds, Staff No-Action Letter (July 23, 1997) (“Franklin Templeton”); American Odyssey Funds, Inc., Staff No-Action Letter (Oct. 7, 1996) (“American Odyssey”).
8   See American Odyssey. 
9   See Advisory Contracts — Combined Investment Advisory and Service Fees, Investment Management Staff Issues of Interest (Oct. 5, 2012).  See also Franklin Templeton.
10   See Washington Mutual Investors Fund, Inc., Staff No-Action Letter (May 14, 1993); accord, Limited Term Municipal Fund, Inc., Staff No-Action Letter (Nov. 17, 1992).  

Incoming Letter

The Incoming Letter is in Acrobat format.
 
http://www.sec.gov/divisions/investment/noaction/2013/emerging-global-advisors-022713-15a.htm




Home | Previous Page
Modified: 02/28/2013







