










 























 



 CI Capital Partners Closes Fund III With Capital Commitments Of $750 Million 
         










    










 






 











 









CI Capital Partners Closes Fund III With Capital Commitments Of $750 Million

Jan 04, 2016, 06:45 ET
		  		  					
						 from   CI Capital Partners LLC 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEW YORK, Jan. 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- CI Capital Partners LLC ("CI Capital" or the "Firm"), a leading New York-based private equity firm, announced today the closing of its third fund, CI Capital Investors III, L.P. (the "Fund" or "Fund III"). Fund III was in the market for less than three months and closed at the Fund's target and hard cap of $750 million. The demand for Fund III far exceeded the Firm's self-imposed hard cap. 
Fund III will continue CI Capital's strategy of making control investments in middlemarket buyouts primarily in North America. CI Capital's senior investment team members have invested together for over a decade through a variety of economic conditions in multiple industry sectors. CI Capital currently has $1.9 billion of assets under management.  
Fund III received strong support from CI Capital's existing investors and the Firm selectively added a new and diverse group of investors including endowments, foundations, pension funds, financial institutions and family offices. Founding CEO Frederick Iseman and the other investment professionals at CI Capital have also made significant personal commitments to Fund III of over $100 million. 
"We are pleased to announce the final closing of Fund III. We appreciate the trust both our existing and new investors have shown us," said Frederick Iseman, Chairman and CEO of CI Capital. "The successful fundraising underscores both the strength of our team and our investors' enthusiasm for our investment approach. We look forward to investing Fund III on behalf of all our investors." 
"Monument Group was privileged to work with CI Capital on this very successful fundraise," said John McCormick, Managing Director at Monument Group. "The significant investor interest and support was among the strongest Monument Group has seen in our more than 20 year history and is a testament to the CI Capital team's depth and breadth of experience."
Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz served as legal counsel on the Fund III capital raise.
About CI Capital Partners
CI Capital Partners LLC, a North American private equity firm, has been investing in middle-market companies since 1993. CI Capital forms partnerships with experienced management teams and entrepreneurs to build substantial businesses through add-on acquisitions, organic growth and operational improvements. Since the firm's inception, CI Capital and its portfolio companies have made more than 150 acquisitions representing over $7 billion in enterprise value. CI Capital's existing portfolio consists of companies that collectively generate annual revenue of over $2.5 billion, EBITDA of over $250 million and employ approximately 10,000 people. To learn more about CI Capital Partners, please visit www.cicapllc.com.
About Monument Group
Monument Group is a leading, independent private fund placement agent managed by a senior team with significant buyside investment heritage. Since its inception in 1994, Monument Group has assisted a range of general partners around the world to raise 74 funds, totaling $81 billion of equity. These clients represent a broad variety of investment strategies including buyouts, debt, distressed, energy and natural resources, growth, infrastructure and real estate. Monument Group has offices in Boston, London, Tokyo and Hong Kong.
Monument Group, Inc., is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA); Monument Group Europe LLP is authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority; Monument Group, L.P. is licensed as a Type II Financial Instruments Dealer in Japan; Monument Group (HK) Limited is licensed to conduct Type 1 regulated activities in Hong Kong.
For Press Inquiries:Daniel YungerKEKST (212) 521-4879
 SOURCE  CI Capital Partners LLC  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.cicapllc.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jan 19, 2016, 14:00 ET
Preview: Maroon Group Acquires CNX Distribution













Sep 01, 2015, 11:35 ET
Preview: Tech Air Acquires Gas & Alloy Supply Co.






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

eGarden III Fund L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











eGarden III Fund L.P.
List of persons related to the company eGarden III Fund L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of eGarden III Fund L.P..

CIK Number: 0001692788Company address: 27 HOSPITAL RD, CAYMAN CORPORATE CENTRE C/O WALKERS CORPORATE LIMITED GEORGE TOWN KY1-9008Phone number: (852) 2312-1687



People related to eGarden III Fund L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryFang Yan Zau  Alexanderc/o eGarden III Capital Limted, Rm. 3511 Bank of America Tower,12 Harcourt RoadCentralHong KongeGarden Capital Limited  SAME IIIRoom 3511, Bank of America Tower 12 Harcourt RoadCentralHong Kong




eGarden III Fund L.P. on the Web












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












 SECGems: eGarden III Fund L.P. 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 eGarden III Fund L.P. 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
1













	 
	
	 27 HOSPITAL RD, CAYMAN CORPORATE CENTRE
	 
	  C/O WALKERS CORPORATE LIMITED
	
	   GEORGE TOWN, 
	   E9, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 CAYMAN ISLANDS
		
	
	   (852) 2312-1687    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2016-12-27eGarden III Fund L.P.








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001692788
State of Incorporation
E9
Country of Incorporation
CAYMAN ISLANDS
Fiscal year end
1231










Form D Related Persons# Filings





 Alexander Fang Yan Zau


1




 SAME eGarden III Capital Limited


1







 








db
 
 











































UDF III - UDF Online








































































 








Email us
Twitter - UDFrealestate
Facebook - United Development Funding 

 






























Investment Products



UDF III
UDF IV
UDF INCOME FUND V





United Development Funding III (“UDF III”) L.P.
(Please note that UDF III is closed to new subscriptions.)
OVERVIEW
Historically available to large institutional investors, UDF III offers the individual investor the opportunity to participate in an attractive alternative to traditional real estate investments. Our investment approach for UDF III is based on an established business model, extensive real estate finance experience and strategic, long-standing relationships in the housing industry. Our flexible financing structure enables us to respond quickly in an industry with significant capital needs and limited resources to meet those needs.

OFFERING HIGHLIGHTS

Our investment strategy is based on financing the acquisition and development of land for median-priced residential housing.
Our investment strategy is based on financing the acquisition and development of land for median-priced residential housing. Land acquisition is the critical first step in the launching of any neighborhood development. While most traditional real estate investments focus on the end product, UDF III takes advantage of the opportunity to offer solutions to homebuilders and developers long before the sale of the individual home lots.
Our intended portfolio of loans will predominately consist of short-term land acquisition and development loans, generally 24 to 36 months in length. Our interest income will be scheduled monthly with principal repaid upon sale of the single family lot and will not be contingent upon the construction and sale of individual homes. Through extensive market research and analysis, UDF III will target markets with strong local economies and sustainable growth. In many cases, the single family lot developments we plan to finance will have been pre-sold to national homebuilders. We believe this investment strategy will deliver risk-adjusted returns.
Investment Highlights:



Loans for the acquisition and development of single-family residential lots


Strategic alliances with national and large regional residential homebuilders and developers


Select geographic markets with moderate to strong growth trends




Investment Goals
UDF III is committed to offering innovative, forward-thinking solutions with the goal of:

Providing attractive income with immediate cash flow
Preserving, protecting and returning capital contributions
Delivering earnings stability through monthly distributions

 
Risk Factors
There can be no assurance the investment objectives described herein will be achieved. An investment is subject to substantial risks. These risks include absence of a public market for these securities, lack of an operating history, absence of loans identified for acquisition, limited transferability and lack of liquidity, possibility of substantial delay before distributions are made, reliance on the fund’s general partner, payment of significant fees to the general partner and its affiliates, potential conflicts of interest, and lack of diversification in mortgage loans until significant funds have been raised.








RESOURCES 
SEC FILINGS
INVESTOR FORMS
INVESTORS
ACCOUNT LOGIN











Corporate United Development Funding
1301 Municipal Way, Suite 200
Grapevine, Texas 76051
Investor Relations:  1 (800) 859-9338
Media Inquiries:  Jeff Eller (469) 916-4883 or
Email: mediarelations@umth.com
Quick LinksINVESTORS
LEGAL







 © 2017 United Development Funding | All Rights Reserved.
 All photos for illustrative purposes only. 
 








 




















