 



Coty Inc. Announces New Organizational Structure and Future Executive Team to Strengthen Its Global Leadership Position in Beauty | Business Wire
























































Coty Inc. Announces New Organizational Structure and Future Executive 
      Team to Strengthen Its Global Leadership Position in Beauty




Effective Subject to Completion of the Merger with P&G’s 
      Fragrance, Color Cosmetics, Salon Professional & Hair Color and Styling 
      Businesses






November 03, 2015 08:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Coty Inc. (NYSE:COTY) announced today a new organizational structure and 
      the future leadership team for the company, both of which will become 
      effective subject to completion of Coty’s merger with The Procter & 
      Gamble Company’s (NYSE:PG) fine fragrance, color cosmetics, salon 
      professional and hair color and styling businesses (“P&G Specialty 
      Beauty Business”). These changes are expected to best position the 
      company to advance Coty’s global leadership position in Beauty.
    


      Bart Becht, Chairman and Interim CEO of Coty commented: “The new Coty 
      will bring together a very experienced and diverse executive team, 
      skilled at managing complex global consumer operations, and driving 
      innovation, creativity and growth, all of which are a prerequisite for 
      future success. This deeply experienced team combined with the new 
      category-focused and consumer-centric structure, and our portfolio of 
      world-class brands, are all expected to play key roles in making Coty a 
      strong global leader and challenger in Beauty and driving profitable 
      growth and shareholder value over time.”
    

      Coty’s new organizational structure will be category focused, putting 
      the consumer first, by specifically targeting how and where they shop 
      and what and why they purchase. Each Division will have full end-to-end 
      responsibility to optimize the consumers’ beauty experience in their 
      relevant categories and channels in this new organizational design and 
      translate this into profitable growth. Accordingly, post-merger, Coty’s 
      business will be organized into three divisions:
    


        Coty Luxury Division, focused on fragrances and skin care
      

        Coty Consumer Beauty Division, focused on color cosmetics, retail hair 
        coloring and styling products and body care
      

        Coty Professional Beauty Division, focused on servicing salon owners 
        and professionals in both hair and nail care
      


      Coty will also be launching a new department, called Growth and Digital, 
      which will be focused on accelerating growth. It will regularly review 
      the company’s portfolio strategy and focus on working with each of the 
      three divisions to improve its capabilities in innovation, sales and 
      traditional and digital marketing.
    

      Each of the Luxury, Consumer Beauty, and Professional Beauty divisions 
      will be led by a President, who will be supported in the areas of supply 
      chain, finance, human resources and information services. The divisions 
      will be overseen by an executive team consisting of the three 
      Presidents, the Functional Heads and the Chief Executive Officer. The 
      executive team will provide strategic direction, pursue M&A 
      opportunities, build out corporate capabilities and address public 
      company obligations.
    

      As part of the new organizational structure, Coty plans to relocate its 
      executive management offices to London. Being operationally located in 
      London will allow Coty to more effectively operate as a global leader, 
      with closer proximity to the company’s key strategic markets around the 
      world. The executive management team expected to be based in London, 
      includes, but is not limited to, the office of the Chairman and Chief 
      Executive Officer, Finance, Human Resources, Legal and Growth and 
      Digital. The company will continue to be incorporated in Delaware and 
      traded on the New York Stock Exchange.
    

Leadership


      The new Coty leadership team combines the expertise and talents of 
      executives from Coty, P&G Specialty Beauty and other leading companies. 
      These highly experienced team members, all of whom have extensive 
      experience nurturing and growing consumer brands, bring deep and 
      complementary skills, which the company plans to leverage to benefit 
      Coty employees, licensors, customers, suppliers and shareholders.
    

Bart Becht, Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer - Mr. 
      Becht will continue to be responsible for making Coty into a global 
      leader and challenger in Beauty and enhancing shareholder value in the 
      process. Before joining Coty in 2011 as chairman, Mr. Becht served as 
      chief executive officer of Reckitt Benckiser, a leading global consumer 
      goods company, from 1995 to 2011. He has over 30 years of business 
      experience building consumer brands around the world. Mr. Becht will 
      remain based in London following the close of the transaction.
    

Patrice de Talhouët, Chief Financial Officer – Mr. de Talhouët 
      will continue to oversee the finance organization. In addition, he will 
      be responsible for all M&A activities as well as information systems and 
      real estate. Prior to joining Coty, he spent seven years at Mars, Inc. 
      in various executive finance positions and 12 years at Alcatel-Lucent. 
      Mr. de Talhouët will transition from New York to London following the 
      close of the transaction.
    

Camillo Pane, Chief Growth and Digital Officer - Mr. Pane will 
      advise on Coty’s portfolio strategy and be responsible for the 
      development of Coty’s innovation, marketing and sales capabilities 
      across all divisions, as well as directing Coty’s digital media and 
      e-commerce activities. He spent almost 20 years at Reckitt Benckiser, 
      and was most recently Reckitt’s Senior Vice President, Global Category 
      Officer Consumer Health. Mr. Pane will be based in London following the 
      close of the transaction.
    

Edgar Huber, President Coty Luxury - Mr. Huber will oversee 
      Coty’s Fragrances and Skin Care division. Mr. Huber is an accomplished 
      executive with over 25 years of experience in building brands across the 
      beauty and fashion industry. Mr. Huber spent 15 years at L'Oréal, the 
      majority of which was in the L'Oréal Luxury Products Division working on 
      brands such as Ralph Lauren Fragrances, VIKTOR AND ROLF, Yves Saint 
      Laurent Beauty and Giorgio Armani Cosmetics. Most recently he was 
      President and Chief Executive Officer of Lands’ End. Mr. Huber will be 
      based in Paris following the close of the transaction.
    

Esi Eggleston Bracey, President, Coty Consumer Beauty - Mrs. 
      Eggleston Bracey will oversee Coty’s Color Cosmetics, Hair Coloring and 
      Styling, and Body Care division. She is Executive Vice President, Global 
      Color Cosmetics, P&G, where she leads the COVERGIRL and Max Factor 
      businesses across more than 80 global markets. Mrs. Eggleston Bracey has 
      over 24 years of experience, including over 15 years in Beauty and 
      Personal Care, and was responsible for transforming COVERGIRL into the 
      iconic pop culture brand it is today, as well as expanding P&G Cosmetics 
      internationally with the modernization of Max Factor. She will 
      transition from Geneva to New York following the close of the 
      transaction.
    

Sylvie Moreau, President, Coty Professional Beauty - Mrs. Moreau 
      will be responsible for overseeing Coty’s salon business in hair and 
      nail care. She is currently Executive Vice President of Wella, the Salon 
      Division of P&G. Over her 21-year career, Mrs. Moreau has held a variety 
      of positions in local, regional and international roles, managing many 
      iconic brands. She has spent the last seven years in P&G’s Salon 
      Professional division where she was instrumental in the business 
      turnaround. Mrs. Moreau will remain based in Geneva following the close 
      of the transaction.
    

Mario Reis, Chief Global Supply Officer - Mr. Reis will be 
      responsible for running Coty’s fully integrated, end-to-end supply 
      chain, covering procurement, manufacturing and warehousing & 
      distribution, facilitating the acceleration of profitable growth as well 
      as driving cost leadership at Coty. Prior to joining Coty, Mr. Reis 
      spent 16 years with Danone, where he held several senior executive 
      positions in Global Operations. Mr. Reis will remain based in Geneva 
      following the close of the transaction.
    

Jules Kaufman, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary - Mr. Kaufman 
      will continue to oversee Coty’s legal affairs worldwide, including, 
      among other things, acquisitions and divestitures, governance, 
      compliance, licenses and patents and regulatory issues. Since joining 
      Coty in 2008, Mr. Kaufman has helped guide Coty's growth through 
      multiple acquisitions, and through its evolution from a privately held 
      into a publicly listed company. He previously served as Vice President 
      and Division General Counsel for Colgate-Palmolive Company’s 
      Europe/South Pacific Division. Mr. Kaufman will transition from New York 
      to London following the close of the transaction.
    

Ralph Macchio, Chief Scientific Officer - Mr. Macchio will be 
      responsible for all Scientific and Global Regulatory & Consumer Affairs 
      at Coty. Mr. Macchio has been with Coty since 1992 and has held various 
      positions of increasing R&D responsibility at the company. Mr. Macchio 
      will remain based in Morris Plains, New Jersey following the close of 
      the transaction.
    

Sébastien Froidefond, Chief Human Resources Officer - Mr. 
      Froidefond will manage all corporate human resources activities, 
      including talent management, organizational and people development, 
      performance management, compensation and benefits and human resources 
      information systems. Prior to joining Coty, Mr. Froidefond was Human 
      Resources Vice President for the Global Consumer Healthcare division of 
      Sanofi. Mr. Froidefond will transition from Paris to London following 
      the close of the transaction.
    

      Jean Mortier will retire from Coty and will be succeeded, effective 
      immediately, by Edgar Huber as President Global Markets. Jean has agreed 
      to stay with Coty through June 2016 as a Special Advisor to the CEO. 
      Jean will be responsible for helping to transition Edgar Huber into his 
      new role, transitioning licensor relationships to Camillo Pane and Edgar 
      Huber, aiding in the transfer of P&G licenses to Coty, assisting with 
      the anti-trust review process and helping to restructure our joint 
      venture and distributor relationships. Coty would like to recognize and 
      thank Jean for his many contributions to the Coty business and company 
      and wish him well in his future endeavors.
    

      As previously disclosed, the merger with P&G’s Specialty Beauty Business 
      is expected to close in the second half of calendar year 2016, subject 
      to regulatory clearances, works council consultations, and other 
      customary conditions.
    

Forward Looking Statements


      Certain statements in this press release are forward-looking statements. 
      These forward-looking statements reflect Coty’s current views with 
      respect to the completion of the merger with the P&G Beauty Business. 
      These forward-looking statements are generally identified by words or 
      phrases, such as “anticipate,” “expect,” “should,” “would,” “could,” 
      “intend,” “plan,” “project,” “seek,” “believe,” “will,” “opportunity,” 
      “potential,” and similar words or phrases. Actual results may differ 
      materially from the results predicted due to risks and uncertainties 
      including inaccuracies in our assumptions in evaluating the transaction, 
      difficulties in integrating the P&G Specialty Beauty Business into Coty 
      and other difficulties in achieving the expected benefits of the 
      transaction. All statements in this communication, other than those 
      relating to historical information or current conditions, are 
      forward-looking statements. We intend these forward-looking statements 
      to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking 
      statements in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
      These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and 
      uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of Coty, which could 
      cause actual results to differ materially from such statements.
    

      Risks and uncertainties relating to the proposed transaction with P&G 
      include, but are not limited to: uncertainties as to the timing of the 
      transaction; the risk that regulatory or other approvals required for 
      the transaction are not obtained or are obtained subject to conditions 
      that are not anticipated, including certain licensor consents; 
      competitive responses to the transaction; litigation relating to the 
      transaction; uncertainty of the expected financial performance of the 
      combined company following completion of the proposed transaction; the 
      ability of Coty to achieve the cost-savings and synergies contemplated 
      by the proposed transaction within the expected time frame; the ability 
      of Coty to promptly and effectively integrate the P&G Specialty Beauty 
      Business and Coty and their personnel; the effects of the business 
      combination of Coty and the P&G Specialty Beauty Business, including the 
      combined company’s future financial condition, operating results, 
      strategy and plans; and disruption from the proposed transaction making 
      it more difficult to maintain relationships with customers, employees or 
      suppliers.
    

      The foregoing review of important factors should not be construed as 
      exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary 
      statements that are included elsewhere. More information about potential 
      risks and uncertainties that could affect Coty’s business and financial 
      results is included under “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion 
      and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Coty’s 
      Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015, and 
      other periodic reports Coty has filed and may file with the Securities 
      and Exchange Commission from time to time. Any forward-looking 
      statements made in this communication are qualified in their entirety by 
      these cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance that the 
      actual results or developments anticipated by us will be realized or, 
      even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected 
      consequences to, or effects on, us or our business or operations. Except 
      to the extent required by applicable law, Coty undertakes no obligation 
      to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a 
      result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
    

About Coty Inc.


      Coty is a leading global beauty company with net revenues of $4.4 
      billion for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015. Founded in Paris in 
      1904, Coty is a pure play beauty company with a portfolio of well-known 
      fragrances, color cosmetics and skin & body care products sold in over 
      130 countries and territories. Coty’s product offerings include such 
      power brands as adidas, Calvin Klein, Chloé, DAVIDOFF, 
      Marc Jacobs, OPI, philosophy, Playboy, 
      Rimmel and Sally Hansen.
    

      For additional information about Coty Inc., please visit www.coty.com.
    




Contacts

CotyInvestor RelationsKevin Monaco, 212-389-6815orMedia 
      RelationsJessica Baltera, 212-389-7584
    















Contacts

CotyInvestor RelationsKevin Monaco, 212-389-6815orMedia 
      RelationsJessica Baltera, 212-389-7584
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














At Coty, there will soon be a new president of consumer beauty








 



















 



















 








Your browser is blocking javascript. This might limit your experience on this website

 








SUBSCRIBE
FREE NEWSLETTER


Breaking News on Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North AmericaEU editionAPAC edition







 








Headlines




Brand Innovation
Formulation & Science
Packaging & Design
Business & Financial
Market Trends
Regulation & Safety
Videos
Audios
Galleries
Internet Live Events
Promotional Features










Site Archive
July 2017
June 2017
Previous months







Hot topics




Anti-Aging
Naturals & Organics
Nanotechnology
Sustainable Packaging
Digital













PRODUCT LIBRARY




Skin Care
Hair Care
Color Cosmetics


Fragrance
Nutricosmetics
Packaging





Resources
All Products
Supplier Webinars
Videos & Audio
Technical Papers
Product Brochures
Suppliers







Events




All events
Our events


Shows & Conferences
Other industry events








CD Buzz




News & Analysis
Events
Executive interviews













Related sites




CosmeticsDesign-Europe.comCosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe  CosmeticsDesign-Asia.comCosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific 




















 







Headlines > Business & Financial









Read more breaking news


 



 

 

Text size
Print
Forward


















Subscribe to our FREE newsletter
SUBSCRIBE






At Coty, there will soon be a new president of consumer beauty

By Deanna UtroskeDeanna Utroske 09-Mar-20172017-03-09T00:00:00ZLast updated on 09-Mar-2017 at 13:40 GMT2017-03-09T13:40:06Z



 

Related tags:
    Esi Eggleston Bracey, Laurent Kleitman, Consumer beauty, Coty, P&G, Unilever, Leadership, People on the move

 

 


Esi Eggleston Bracey, who has overseen the consumer beauty portfolio at Coty since the company finalized the acquisition of P&G’s specialty beauty business in October of last year, will leave Coty at the end of the month.
 


 
Esi Eggleston Bracey joined Coty in October as part of the brands acquisition. She most previously served as the senior vice president and general manager of global cosmetics at P&G, a post she held for nearly 8 years. And in 2013 her responsibilities in the role grew when she also began serving as the CMO of beauty brand building at P&G.Eggleston Bracey joined P&G in the early 1990s, taking a marketing leadership role in the company’s fabric and home care division. And she’s worked with P&G and then Coty continuously ever since.As president of consumer beauty at Coty, Eggleston Bracey has, for 6 months now, been “overseeing a $4.4B brand portfolio including color cosmetics, retail hair color and styling, body care and mass fragrances,” according to her profile on the Coty site.In a press release out this week announcing the leadership change, Coty states upfront that Eggleston Bracey “has decided to leave Coty for personal reasons.”“My thanks, and those of our Board and Executive Committee members, go to Esi for her passion and commitment to the company during the merger process and since joining us in October 2016,” says Camillo Pane, CEO of Coty, in the release. “We wish Esi great success in her next steps.”Up nextFor a month or so, Pane himself will take on the duties of the president of consumer beauty. Then on May 15, Laurent Kleitman will step in to the role.  


Kleitman is joining Coty from Unilever where he is presently vice president of that company’s global hair care category. He will also at that time become a member of Coty’s executive committee.Reflecting on the hire, Pane notes that “Laurent has lived and worked in many countries around the world, and has an outlook and attitude that are well aligned to Coty’s new ambition and culture.”“Laurent brings 29 years of international consumer goods experience, plus broad commercial and operational leadership in running a multibillion-dollar international division in the consumer beauty sector. He has a strong track record for commercial growth in a consumer environment,” says Pane, who is of course, “delighted to welcome Laurent to Coty.”    








This content is copyright protected

However, if you would like to share the information in this article, you may use the headline, summary and link below:
At Coty, there will soon be a new president of consumer beauty
By Deanna UtroskeDeanna Utroske, 09-Mar-2017
Esi Eggleston Bracey, who has overseen the consumer beauty portfolio at Coty since the company finalized the acquisition of P&G’s specialty beauty business in October of last year, will leave Coty at the end of the month.
http://www.cosmeticsdesign.com/Business-Financial/At-Coty-there-will-soon-be-a-new-president-of-consumer-beauty




Copyright - Unless otherwise stated all contents of this web site are © 2017 - William Reed Business Media SAS - All Rights Reserved - Full details for the use of materials on this site can be found in the Terms & Conditions




Related news:
Sabine Chalmers is first woman to join Coty board of directors
Coty’s chief scientific officer retires
As of today, Coty is the world’s third-largest beauty company 
L’Oréal USA rolls out executive leadership changes
Coty to buy 60% of popular cosmetics and skin care ecommerce platform
 

RELATED TOPICS:

Business & Financial, Color Cosmetics, Fragrance, Hair Care, Packaging, Skin Care




Subscribe to our FREE newsletter

Get FREE access to authoritative breaking news, videos, podcasts, webinars and white papers.
SUBSCRIBE











 



Related products










  

 
Rose from Damas active cells to decrease wrinkles
    Naolys | 17-Jul-2017 |  Product brochure
        
StandStill Rose from Damas are active plant cells made with a specific biotechnology mixing plant cell dedifferenciation and a plant cell...


 
  

 
Detoxi-Look®, the Radiant Detoxifier – Happy Skin for a Happy Look!
    Solabia USA | 17-Jul-2017 |  Product brochure
        
Detoxify, brighten and moisturize: the 3 objectives for happy skin and a happy look which produced DETOXI-LOOK®, an all-new plant complex...


 
  

 
MODERN HIGH PERFORMANCE DEODORANT ACTIVES by Symrise
    Symrise | 26-Jun-2017 |  Product brochure
        
The market calls for modern, more responsible products. Deodorants are no exception. In the past organo-chlorines such as triclosan have...


 
  

 
Sustainable Alternative to Isohexadecane and Silicones
    APRINNOVA | 20-Jun-2017 |  Application note
        
NEOSSANCE® Hemisqualane, a non-polar C15 hydrocarbon sustainably sourced from sugarcane, is an ideal solution for consumer products at th...


 
  

 
Our volunteers feel happier, know why! 
    Provital Group | 19-Jun-2017 |  Data sheet
        
The main concern regarding personal care, for people aged 55+ is dry/flaky skin.It is not only a question of image, but it also of qualit...


 
  

 
The Science of Hair Strength
    Croda | 14-Jun-2017 |  Technical / white paper
        
Designed to deliver optimal anti-breakage benefits, Keravis™ PE is a multifaceted protein based complex which acts on all of the three fu...


 
  

 
Symrise Modern Protection Solutions for Wet Wipes
    Symrise | 12-Jun-2017 |  Product brochure
        
The market calls for modern, more responsible products. Wipes are no exception. Wipes are increasingly expected to be flushable, biodegra...


 
  

 
Reprogramming the skin for a youthful appearance
    Lipotec | 05-Jul-2017 |  On-Demand Supplier Webinar
        
With time, the efficacy in the activity of epidermal basal cells decreases causing a slowdown in skin regenerative capacity, with the con...


 
  

 
Hello Face, Goodbye Oil
    Sabinsa Cosmetics  | 30-May-2017 |  Clinical study
        
Discover an oil control moisturizer made from potent patented ingredients having sebum regulation activity that controls excess oiliness...


 
  

 
A New Approach to Environmental Stress
    Chemyunion | 21-Jun-2017 |  On-Demand Supplier Webinar
        
More than 80% of people living in urban areas are exposed to air quality that exceeds the WHO limits. Studies have shown that exposure t...


 
  

 
Busy life? How do you support your skin to follow the rhythm?
    CODIF | 21-Jun-2017 |  On-Demand Supplier Webinar
        
After a busy day, a jetlag, a hectic day with children, you always find the energy to become strong again and…to re-start! What about you...


 
  

 
Et-VC™ & Azeclair™ : Design for Daily Urban Protection
    Corum | 16-May-2017 |  Case study
        
Et-VC™, a stable, powerful multi-functional vitamin C derivative proven to effectively rejuvenate skin and even out complexion. New rece...


 
  

 
Aging Hair Care through the Legendary Power of Baobab
    TRI-K Industries Inc. | 15-May-2017 |  Data sheet
        
Anti-aging for hair is quickly becoming a large and formidable category in hair care. The explanation behind anti-aging of hair can be de...


 
  

 
Natural peptide to sculpt & contour the jawline
    TRI-K Industries Inc. | 12-Apr-2017 |  Data sheet
        
TRI-K has developed a new botanical based, natural peptide, NaturePep™ Sacha Inchi - the next of their NaturePep™ platform – launched at...


 
  

 
Proven Efficacy in Reducing Pollutant Permeation
    Chemyunion | 10-Apr-2017 |  Case study
        
SkinBlitz protects the DNA of cells exposed to pollution, reduces the biomarkers of environmental stress, inhibits hyperpigmentation and...


 
  

 
Pycnogenol® Contributes to Skin Hydration and Reduces Pigmentation
    Horphag | 21-Sep-2016 |  Technical / white paper
        
A newly published review in Skin Pharmacology and Physiology on Pycnogenol®, French maritime pine bark extract, reveals supplementation w...


 











 



Related suppliers











Acme Hardesty 
     |                                 
APRINNOVA 
     |                                 
Chemyunion 
     |                                 
DSM Nutritional Products, Ltd 
     |                                 
IQPC 
     |                                 
Mibelle Biochemistry  
     |                                 
Sensient Cosmetic Technologies 
























  







Most Popular News



1Cosmoprof North America 2017, in photos2Madison Reed is “operationally blowing up the salon channel”3DNA Diagnostics Center launches skin care test kit for consumers4Mary Kay launches new beauty tech5A hair and skin care line made from rice bran. And that includes the packaging!


  







Key Industry Events








06-Sep-2017
ADF&PCD 
New York City / Conference and exhibition
Read more



20-Sep-2017
in-cosmetics Latin America
São Paulo, Brazil / Conference and exhibition
Read more


Access all events listing











Products





 

Rose from Damas active cells to decrease wrinkles
Naolys
 


Detoxi-Look®, the Radiant Detoxifier – Happy Skin for a Happy Look!
Solabia USA
 


MODERN HIGH PERFORMANCE DEODORANT ACTIVES by Symrise
Symrise
 


Sustainable Alternative to Isohexadecane and Silicones
APRINNOVA
 


Our volunteers feel happier, know why! 
Provital Group
 


The Science of Hair Strength
Croda
 

View All Products










On demand Supplier Webinars

Reprogramming the skin for a youthful appearance
Lipotec



A New Approach to Environmental Stress
Chemyunion



Busy life? How do you support your skin to follow the rhythm?
CODIF

All supplier webinars









Today's Headlines






 IBE opens in NYC next month – prepare to be inspired by beauty 
 
 Saturday is National Lipstick Day!
 
 Trend Spotting: Ayurvedic beauty
 
 Inolex opens new sales office in France 










Promotional Features








By DSM Nutritional Products, Ltd
 

Content Provided by DSM Nutritional Products, Ltd


As blue light comes indoors, extending sun and UV protection becomes an imperative






By Mibelle Biochemistry 
 

Content Provided by Mibelle Biochemistry 


Sea anemone venom for sensitive skin






By Mibelle Biochemistry 
 

Content Provided by Mibelle Biochemistry 


Fighting cellulite and fat deposits by stimulating brown fat activity

















Weekly / Daily Free Newsletters
CosmeticsDesign.com USACosmeticsDesign-Europe.comCosmeticsDesign-Asia.com  
Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North America - Daily


Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe - Daily


Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific - Daily

  
Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North America - Weekly


Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe - Weekly


Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific - Weekly

  
     
    

     
    

     
    
  
Skin Care


Skin Care


Skin Care

  
Hair Care


Hair Care


Hair Care

  
Color Cosmetics


Colour Cosmetics


Color Cosmetics

  
Fragrance


Fragrance


Fragrance

  
Nutricosmetics


Nutricosmetics


Nutricosmetics

  
Packaging


Packaging


Packaging







Subscribe to our FREE newsletterSUBSCRIBE






 Related Sites from our Team


Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe
                                             | 
                                                                                    Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific





About us |
                            Editorial Calendar |
                Site map |
        All sites |
                                            Recommend this Site |
                
                    Advertise |
                            Contact the Editor |
        
        Terms & Conditions  |
        Privacy & Cookie Policy

































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Esi Eggleston Bracey - Black Enterprise
















































Esi Eggleston Bracey - Black Enterprise































































Home
Blogs
Photos
BE Lists
Newsletters


Follow us on: 
















  








 















 


              July 28, 2017 11:53 AM 
			  
          
              
                               
                             
    
    
                







Money

Investing
Consumer Affairs
Credit & Debt Management
Planning & Budgeting
Home Ownership
Wealth Management
Love & Money
Decoded


Career

BE High Society: Education
Find A Job
BE Jobs
Cool Jobs
Top Careers
Career Advice
Changing Lanes


Small Business

Getting Started
Home Based
Financing
Franchises
Your Business
Tools & Resources


Lifestyle

Arts & Culture
Travel & Leisure
Sports Biz
Fashion & Beauty

Entrepreneurs in Fashion


Health & Wellness
Entertaining


Tech

Tools
Tips
Products
People


EDUCATION
WOMEN
NEWS

Politics
Hot Topics
BE Politics


Videos
TV SHOWS

Our World with Black Enterprise
Women of Power
Black Enterprise Business Report


MAGAZINE
EVENTS

Entrepreneurs Summit
Black Men Xcel Summit
TechConneXt Summit
Women of Power Summit
ABFF Awards
American Black Film Festival


 









Esi Eggleston Bracey

By Sasha King |
Published November 17, 2011 | Full size is 224 × 300 pixels											




Lori Dickerson Fouché
Amy Ellis-Simon


With more than 1,000 people under her leadership, Eggleston Bracey is responsible for P&G’s CoverGirl…











 








Advertisement




        © 2017        
          Black Enterprise, Black Enterprise Magazine. All rights reserved.       






About Us
Privacy Policy
Subscribe
Customer Service
Give a Gift
Management
Wealth For Life
Contact Us
Site Map
Glossary
Masthead
Media Kit
RSS



































 





Leading Women Defined by Mom: Esi Eggleston Bracey | Esi Eggleston Bracey | Mother's Day | Relationships | B* Real








































































































































BET



Leading Women Defined by Mom: Esi Eggleston Bracey



                    Share
                     



facebook



twitter



whatsapp



tumblr



pinterest



email






































Being Mary Jane





BLACK GIRLS ROCK





TALES



















            Leading Women Defined by Mom: Esi Eggleston Bracey
        
The VP of Procter & Gamble says her children are her proudest accomplishment.









Published May 8, 2014
































As vice president for global cosmetics at Procter & Gamble, Esi Eggleston Bracey’s career constantly takes her around the world. A proud mother of two young children, Esi is grateful for the life lessons she learned from her mother, and she often relies on those very lessons as she embraces the challenges of motherhood, frequently from a far.
During a recent interview with BET Networks, Esi said, “My family knows they are the most important thing and that I’m always there for them.”
While a demanding travel and work schedule may seem like an impossible challenge to some, Esi’s outlook on life, clearly influenced by her mother, makes it seem quite simple. Esi’s mom taught her from an early age that “impossible is nothing.” About her mom, she added, “She took on every single challenge that you would look at and say it’s not possible and make it seem like nothing.”
Born and raised in Chicago, Esi and her brother moved from the place they had always called home when Esi’s mother decided to attend law school in Champaign-Urbana. Esi’s mother finished law school and passed the bar on her first attempt, all while raising two young children. Indeed, impossible is nothing.
Reflecting on the joys of motherhood and embracing a similar ‘impossible is nothing’ mantra, Esi said, “My children are my proudest accomplishment. Being a mom on its own is really a fulltime job. We have a slogan in our family that the Bracey family doesn’t give up. I pass the advice from my mother down to my kids everyday by role modeling, and I try to set very clear priorities. My kids are always first, even if I’m 10,000 miles away.”
For Esi, Mother’s Day provides her time to reflect on what it means to be a mother and to spend time with her family. As a woman who values quality time with her family, it’s easy to understand why Esi would like to see Mother’s Day extended beyond the one-day annual celebration and carried into everyday life.
When asked if she could tell her mom only one thing, what would it be, Esi said, “If I could tell my mother one thing, it would be thank you for setting a high standard, because I have taken that on not just for my life, but for my whole family’s life.”
This Mother’s Day, we join Esi in celebrating and honoring her mother, along with Esi’s dedication and commitment to her family every day of the year, not just Mother’s Day.




Written by BET-Staff











            COMMENTS
            









Get More!



                Relationships
            



                Esi Eggleston Bracey
            



                Celebrity Lifestyle News
            



                B* Real
            



                Mother's Day
            





























Get Your lifestyle Fix


Follow us



facebook


twitter


instagram


pinterest


youtube





Subscribe to our Newsletter



Submit












                    TRENDING IN
                
LIFESTYLE








See Michelle Obama's Famous Guns as She Shows Off Her Entire Fitness Routine










Kim Kardashian's Surrogate is Already Pregnant and is Due January 2018










#TBT: Cardi B Shares Her High School Yearbook Photo as Proof She Graduated







                SEE ALL TRENDING
            


































Recommended













We Spoke to the Woman Whose Trump-Supporting Boyfriend's Racist Rant Went Viral
"Bye! Here’s your ticket back to motherf*cking Nigeria."





                
                
                    Nov. 17th
                
            



 Share

facebook




twitter




Google+




pinterest




tumblr




whatsapp




email





















See North West Rocking Kids Supply for a Mani Pedi Date With BFFs
Check out the tot's fashionable footsteps.





                
                
                    Yesterday
                
            



 Share

facebook




twitter




Google+




pinterest




tumblr




whatsapp




email





















Down In The DMs: Sevyn Streeter Wants You To Stop Sending D**k Pics
Will she answer? 'Prolly' or 'Prolly' Not. 





                
                
                    Sep. 16th
                
            



 Share

facebook




twitter




Google+




pinterest




tumblr




whatsapp




email

















Latest in lifestyle











+ Load more






























































 
Esi Eggleston Bracey | Odyssey Media
















































































 





 




















Menu










 

 


 






 
Esi Eggleston BraceyPresident COTY Consumer Beauty 



Esi Eggleston Bracey is President of Coty Consumer Beauty, overseeing a $4.4B brand portfolio of products.

A seasoned executive leader with more than 25 years’ experience in consumer products, Esi came to Coty in 2016 as part of the industry-leading merger between Coty and Procter & Gamble’s specialty beauty brands. As leader of the Coty Consumer Beauty division, she manages the global footprint of more than 25 brand favorites, including COVERGIRL, Max Factor, Rimmel London, Sally Hansen and Clairol.
Esi previously led P&G’s COVERGIRL and Max Factor businesses across more than 80 global markets and oversaw all beauty brand building as the Beauty Chief Marketing Officer. There, she was responsible for transforming COVERGIRL into the iconic pop culture brand it is today as well as expanding P&G Cosmetics internationally with the modernization of Max Factor.
For her work, Esi has been acknowledged as a “Marketer of the Year” (Women’s Wear Daily, 2008) and “Woman to Watch” (Advertising Age, 2009). A native of Chicago, Illinois, Esi graduated from Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, with a Bachelor of Arts in Engineering Sciences. She lives in New York with her husband and their two children.


Other Speakers
Esi Eggleston BraceyKaren HorneZaidy CardenasYari RodriguezVernice “FlyGirl” ArmourSusan Fales-HillSheinelle JonesRosalind HudnellRacquel Harris MasonMaribel AberJoy-Ann ReidIlyasah ShabazzDr. Valerie Montgomery RiceDiahann CarrollCindy KentAnne MyongHolly Robinson PeetePauline BrownAva DuvernayLisa Price 




















































ESI EGGLESTON BRACEY by erika anozie on PreziCreateExploreLearn & supportGet startedLog inPricingGet startedLog inMy PrezisExploreLearn & supportProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactAppsEnglishEspañol한국어日本語DeutschPortuguêsFrançaisMagyarItaliano×Houston, we have a problem!Oops. A firewall is blocking access to Prezi content. Check out this article to learn more or contact your system administrator.
            Stand out and be remembered with Prezi,  
            the secret weapon of great presenters.
        
                    Get started today
                
                    Get started
                
            What is Prezi?
            
                Learn more
            
                Loading presentation...
            
        You’re using the new, improved player. You can always go back to the old viewer.
    Switch back
            
                
                    Public
                
            
            
                & reusable
            
        
            Create your own
        
                    Make a copy
                
    Share

        Embed
    
                Liked
            
                Like
            Present Remotely Send the link below via email or IMCopy Present to your audienceStart remote presentationInvited audience members will follow you as you navigate and presentPeople invited to a presentation do not need a Prezi accountThis link expires 10 minutes after you close the presentationA maximum of 30 users can follow your presentationLearn more about this feature in our knowledge base article
    Do you really want to delete this prezi?

    Neither you, nor the coeditors you shared it with will be able to recover it again.
DeleteCancelMake your likes visible on Facebook?
        Connect your Facebook account to Prezi and let your likes appear on your timeline.
        You can change this under Settings & Account at any time.
    No, thanksConnect with FacebookESI EGGLESTON BRACEY
                            
                                No description
                            
                        
        
            by erika anozie
        
        on 20 February 2014
    TweetComments (0)
                                    Please log in to add your comment.
                                Report abuseTranscript of ESI EGGLESTON BRACEYON THE RISESTILL PUSHING FORWARDAfter being involved with the deoderants she returned to the cosmetics in 2006 as general manager overseeing the COVERGIRL and Max Factor brands. her strong sense of style,diversity and ingenuity  brought fresh marketing ideas to cosmeticsWHO IS ESI EGGLESTON BRACEY?EARLY LIFEShe is currently 38 years old and is a native of Chicago, Illinois,she graduated from Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, with a Bachelor of Arts in Engineering Sciences.  In August, 2009, she re-located from Baltimore, Maryland, to Geneva, Switzerland, which is the headquarters for P&G’s global cosmetics operations.STILL ON THE RISEAfter febreeze she went on to Downy and Bounce still under P&G, where she delivered record sales and profit growth. In 2000, she joined P&G Cosmetics as Cover Girl’s marketing director. Where, she had the strongest results since P&G owned the business, and the brand ranked first in market share in North America. MAKING HISTORYIn 2003, Eggleston Bracey was named general manager of deodorants and Old Spice and spearheaded three consecutive years of sales and profit growth. At the age of 34, Esi became one of the youngest general manager appointees in P&G history.PERSONAL LIFEEsi is married to her husband Des.They have a 7 year Old daughter named Anura and a 3 year old son; Benoit Alec. Some of her hobbies include:fitness, personal development and travel, but she spends most of her spare time enjoying her family.ESI EGGLESTON BRACEYEsi is currently the vice president of global P&G cosmetics( for those of you that do not know  P&G stands for procter& gamble) she leads the CoverGirl and Max Factor brands globally, and she was P&G's first female African-American general manager.Esi began her career at  P&G in 1991 where she led the design of Febreze fabric refresher. Eggleston initially wanted to get a PH.D in biomedical engineering. she actually came to P&G for a break before pursuing her PH.D and after two years she fell in love with the job and forgot about getting her PH.D. P&G became her home. Some of her many ideas include the signing of Queen Latifah, Ellen DeGeneres, and Drew Barrymore as brand ambassadors, and the launch of several best-sellers including Simply Ageless foundation and Lash Blast mascara.   Today, COVERGIRL is the nation’s fastest growing cosmetics brand and the “hottest” cosmetics brand in 2009 . In recognition of all her achievements, Women’s Wear Daily awarded Esi with the “2008 Marketer of the Year” award; Advertising Age recognized her as one of 13 “Women to Watch” in 2009; and Cosmetics Executive Women (CEW), a non-profit organization of over 4,000 executives and managers in the beauty industry presented Esi with its highest honor, the “2009 Achiever Award.Today Mrs. Bracey oversees the Cover Girl and Max Factor brands, which generate more than $2 billion in retail sales, and supervises over 1,000 employees. Her leadership, creativity,diversity and individuality inspire achievement, “out-of-the-box” thinking and passion. many describe her as a top-level professional, dynamic, engaging and charismatic speaker and find her professional career to be incredibly inspiring. MRS.EGGLESTON BRACEY NOWON TOP OF HER GAMEACHIEVEMENTS AND RECOGNITIONSOURCEShttp://innocosevents.com/2013/09/01/esi-eggleston-bracey-vice-president-general-manager-global-pg-cosmetics-innovation-branding-and-operations/http://internalmarket.wordpress.com/2012/02/12/master-class-pgs-esi-eggleston-bracey/Full transcriptMore presentations by
    
        
            erika anozie
        QUENCHUntitled PreziUntitled Prezi
            More prezis by author
        Popular presentationsSee more popular or the latest prezisPreziProductGalleryThe ScienceConversational PresentingFor BusinessTestimonialsCompanyAboutTeamCareersOur ValuesPressOur CustomersContact UsLanguages
                    English
                
                    Español
                
                    한국어
                
                    日本語
                
                    Deutsch
                
                    Português
                
                    Français
                
                    Magyar
                
                    Italiano
                InfogramChartsInfographicsSupportPrezi Next SupportPrezi Classic SupportBlog26 July 2017Prezi 101: How to Turn Your Bullet Points into Visuals25 July 2017Prezi 101: How to Choose Effective Background Images and Where to Find Them18 July 2017The Presentation Remote That’s Always in Your PocketSee all© 2017 Prezi Inc. TermsPreziProductGalleryThe ScienceConversational PresentingFor BusinessTestimonialsInfogramInfogramChartsInfographicsCompanyAboutTeamCareersOur ValuesPressOur CustomersContact UsSupportPrezi Next SupportPrezi Classic SupportLanguages
                                English
                            
                                Español
                            
                                한국어
                            
                                日本語
                            
                                Deutsch
                            
                                Português
                            
                                Français
                            
                                Magyar
                            
                                Italiano
                            © 2017 Prezi Inc. TermsConnect your Facebook account to Prezi and publish your likes in the future. OkNo, thanks





Esi Eggleston Bracey - Former Executive Vice President, Global Color Cosmetics at Procter & Gamble Co.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Esi Eggleston Bracey
Former Executive Vice President, Global Color Cosmetics at Procter & Gamble Co.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Career History Boards & Committees Non-Profit Donations & Grants 


Esi Eggleston Bracey
Former Executive Vice President, Global Color Cosmetics at Procter & Gamble Co.



 Overview



Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 1,324 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Newsday (New York)
July 17, 2017





                        hangin' in the hamptons                     





PR Newswire
March 22, 2017





                        Personal Products Stocks Under Review -- Procter & Gamble, Coty, Avon, and Colgate-Palmolive                    





Business Wire
March 7, 2017





                        Coty Appoints Laurent Kleitman as President Coty Consumer Beauty                    





Business Wire
January 21, 2016





                        Talented Actress, Platinum-Selling Singer, Dancer and Beauty Inspiration Zendaya Brings Her Signature Swag to COVERGIRL                    





Marketline Newswire
November 13, 2015





                        Coty announces new organizational structure and future executive team                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Saundra Bond

Executive Director, Maryland at United Way of Central Maryland, Inc.




Keith Scott

Professional at Baltimore County Chamber of Commerce





David Moore

Professional at Knorr Brake Co. LLC




Tonya L. Hill

Director at United Way of Central Maryland, Inc.





Kenneth Westary

Director at United Way of Central Maryland, Inc.




Duane St. Clair

Member, Board of Directors at United Way of Central Maryland, Inc.





Ralph L. Arnold

Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice President & Director at Transamerica Premier Life Insurance Co.




James A. Wheeler

Former President at Ayers Saint Gross, Inc.





Terry F. Neimeyer

Chief Executive Officer & Chairman of the Board at KCI Technologies, Inc.




Lori Robinson

Vice President, Corporate Branding, Communications & Community Relations at McCormick & Co., Inc.







See 1,314 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1,314 More 


 


 Paths to Esi Eggleston Bracey



            Esi Eggleston Bracey          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Esi Eggleston Bracey






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Esi Eggleston Bracey.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



President, Coty Consumer Beauty

                                    2016 - 2017                


Coty, Inc.


                  Coty, Inc. manufactures and markets beauty products, fragrances, color cosmetics and skin care products. The company operates through four segments: Fragrances, Color Cosmetics, Skin & Body Care, and Brazil Acquisition. The Fragrances segment provides a variety of men's and women's products. The brands in the Fragrances segment provides brands associated with fashion designers, Lifestyle brands and brands associated with entertainment personalities. The Color Cosmetics segment provides lip, eye, nail and facial color products. The Skin & Body Care brands include adidas, Lancaster, philosophy and TJoy. The Brazil Acquisition segment deals with personal care and beauty business, which includes skin care, nail care, deodorants, and hair care products. Coty was founded by Francois Coty in 1904 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Executive Vice President, Global Color Cosmetics

                                    1991 - Prior                


Procter & Gamble Co.


                  Procter & Gamble Co. engages in the provision of branded consumer packaged goods. It operates through the following segments: Beauty, Grooming, Health Care, Fabric and Home Care, and Baby, Feminine and Family Care. The Beauty segment offers hair, skin, and personal care. The Grooming segment comprises of shave care like female and male blades and razors, pre and post shave products, and appliances. The Health Care segment includes oral care products like toothbrushes, toothpaste, and personal health care such as gastrointestinal, rapid diagnostics, respiratory, and vitamins, minerals, and supplements. The Fabric and Home Care segment consist of fabric enhancers, laundry additives and detergents, and air, dish, and surface care. The Baby, Feminine and Family Care segment sells baby wipes, diapers, and pants, adult incontinence, feminine care, paper towels, tissues, and toilet paper. The company was founded by William Procter and James Gamble in 1837 and is headquartered in Cincinnati, OH.                





 Boards & Committees



Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


United Way of Central Maryland, Inc.

                    United Way of Central Maryland, Inc. provides social services. It empowers families to become self-sufficient by focusing on education, employment, housing and health. The company was founded in 1925 and is headquartered in Baltimore, MD.                  





 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



$1,000 - $1,999

                  2008
                


Baltimore School for the Arts


                  Founded in 1980, the Baltimore School for the Arts (BSA) is a four-year high school with a unique mission: to provide young people who aspire to a career in the arts with intensive, pre-professional training in the arts combined with a rigorous, college preparatory curriculum. Students at the school pursue one of four disciplines - the visual arts, music (vocal or instrumental), theatre (acting or theatre production), and dance - along with a challenging academic curriculum.

Working with a distinguished faculty, our students learn the fundamentals of their artistic discipline in an environment that emphasizes professionalism and scholarship. Instructors in the arts are among the region's leading visual artists, musicians, actors, and dancers. The academic faculty is a select group of certified teachers skilled at communicating knowledge and sharing the joy of learning. Nearly 400 students attend the school, coming from public, private, and parochial schools in and around Baltimore. After graduation, our students gain admission to leading conservatories, art schools, liberal arts colleges and professional companies.  For the most recent list of college acceptances and more about BSA's college counseling program, click here.

Students are selected for admission to the Baltimore School for the Arts through yearly auditions. The audition process is designed to identify students with the potential for a career in the arts. Admission is based solely on an audition/portfolio review in the student's art discipline, conducted by the school's professional arts faculty.

Our facilities, housed in the landmark Alcazar building and an historic brownstone on Cathedral Street, are specially designed to support the school's mission.  They include a recital hall, music practice rooms, art studios, costume and scene shops, and rehearsal spaces. In August 2014, the school opened its state-of-the-art Center for Collaborative Arts & Technology located in the school's library. A performance hall, a black box theatre, and a visual arts exhibition space provide professional-level showcases for the performances and a venue for the community to enjoy a range of performances and exhibitions each year.  For location and parking, click here.

BSA also offers a free after school arts instruction program, TWIGS, as well as a variety of other educational programs for City Schools.

BSA is one of the most successful public schools in the state of Maryland and one of the five best arts high schools in America. It is also an important part of Baltimore's cultural landscape, collaborating and working with area arts organizations including the BSO, the Walters, Everyman Theatre and Centerstage, the BMA, the MdHS and others.                





 Other Affiliations




              Esi Eggleston Bracey is affiliated with
                            Coty, Inc., Procter & Gamble Co., United Way of Central Maryland, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













