


Easy Investment Plan | BDO Unibank, Inc.


































Properties for Sale
FAQs
Promos
Remit Status Inquiry
Subsidiaries
Branches / ATMs
International Desks
 

ONLINE BANKING LOGIN 




PersonalBusiness 

BDO ONLINE BANKING
Not yet enrolled? Enroll Now!What is a OneTime Password (OTP)
CASH CARD

INTEGRATED DISBURSEMENT SOLUTIONS

BUSINESS ONLINE BANKING






 



 
 



Search form

Search 





 






PersonalBusiness eBanking
Accounts
Trust and InvestmentsUnit Investment Trust Funds
BDO Invest Online
Peso-Denominated UITFsBDO Peso Money Market Fund
BDO GS Fund
BDO Peso Bond Fund  (formerly BDO Peso Fixed Income Fund)
BDO Peso Balanced Fund
BDO Equity Fund (EPCIB Equity Fund)
BDO Equity Index Fund
BDO ESG Equity Fund
BDO Sustainable Dividend Fund
BDO Focused Equity Fund

Dollar-Denominated UITFsBDO Dollar Money Market Fund
BDO Dollar Bond Fund
BDO Medium Term Dollar Bond Fund (EPCIB US Dollar Fund)
BDO Developed Markets Property Index Feeder Fund
BDO Global Equity Select Feeder Fund
BDO China Equity Feeder Fund
BDO US Equity Feeder Fund

PERA UITFsBDO PERA Short Term Fund
BDO PERA Bond Index Fund
BDO PERA Equity Index Fund

Customized Portfolio ManagementInvestment Management Agreements
Dollar Trust Account
Dollar Investment Management Agreement

Buy and Sell Escrow
Investment Advisory Services
Easy Investment Plan
Easy Redemption Plan
PERA FAQ
BDO UITF Daily NAVpu
UITF Yield Calculator
UITF Weekly Update
Investment Tips and Articles
Contact Us

Loans
Credit Cards
Remittance Services
Insurance
Rewards
Private Bank
 
 
 






























































 


















			Easy Investment Plan


 










Home » Personal » Trust and Investments » Easy Investment Plan 













BDO Easy Investment Plan
Saving is, and always will be, the foundation of any fortune. It is secure, risk-free and readily accessible. But saving alone is not enough to make your money grow. You should also invest. This means taking some risks, but the rewards are higher. When you save and invest, your money has the power to grow faster.
With this in mind, BDO Trust and Investments Group developed the BDO Easy Investment Plan (EIP), an investment scheme that enables you to attain your financial goals and financial wellness through the twin habits of regularly saving and investing. It incorporates what investment experts consider to be the best, tried and tested principles that make a successful saving and investment plan and provides a solution to counter the major obstacles to saving and investing.
Client Suitability
The EIP is for individuals who wish to have a medium to long-term saving and investment plan so that they can achieve their financial goals and financial wellness at some future time. The investor profiles of these individuals should show that it is suitable for them to invest in the UITF product they selected as investment/s for their EIP funds.
Product Features

UITFs AVAILABLE VIA EIP



BDO Peso Bond Fund (formerly BDO Peso Fixed Income Fund )


BDO Peso Balanced Fund (PBAL)


BDO Equity Fund (EQUITY)



INVESTMENT AMOUNT


Starts at Php 1,000.00 per contribution per month.


FREQUENCY AND SCHEDULE OF CONTRIBUTIONS


1x a month / 2x a month
					(5th, 10th, 15th, 20th, 25th, 30th)


SETTLEMENT ACCOUNT


Auto debit from any BDO Savings / Checking / Payroll account maintained with any BDO branch.


ISSUANCE OF EVIDENCE OF PARTICIPATION


Every time the market value of your investment reaches at least Php 10,000.00 on a contribution date, your investment will be issued a Confirmation of Participation (COP).


NON-COMPLETION FEE


0.50% of original contribution amount


CUT-OFF FOR ENROLLMENT


At least four (4) banking days before the desired first contribution date


DOCUMENTARY REQUIREMENTS


EIP Application Form plus the UITF documentary requirements

 
     Click here to see how the EIP works.
	 
Benefits of Investing via the EIP

Automatic Savings and Investments
		The EIP's auto debit facility regularly sets aside funds for immediate investment.

Convenience
			Enrollment can be done in any of the BDO branches nationwide.


Meet your Financial Goals
		Allows you to effectively save and invest to meet your financial goals, i.e. children's education, family vacation, retirement etc.

Affordability
		Invest for as low as Php 1,000 per month.

Professional Fund Management
		Gain access to the services of BDO professional fund managers who keep constant watch over the BDO UITFs.

Financial Planners' Best Advice
		The EIP enables you to benefit from a time-tested personal wealth-building strategy recommended by financial planners. This is known as Cost Averaging, wherein fixed amounts of investment in regular intervals over a period of time allow you to average your costs and effectively diversify your risks over time. This also enables you to invest without having to constantly monitor the market. 
Documentation
Easy Investment Plan (EIP) Documentation:

		One (1) EIP Application Form which includes the EIP Terms and Condition and Automatic Debit Arrangement Form

		One (1) set of UITF Customer Account Record

		One (1) set of Signature Card

Account Opening Kit:

				Investor Profile Questionnaire (IPQ)

				Client Investment Suitability (CIS)

				Risk Disclosure Statement (RDS)

				Declaration of Investor/s

				Omnibus Participating Trust Agreement


		One (1) 1 X 1 picture

		Photocopy of two (2) valid IDs
Other EIP Forms

Notice of Redemption

Notice of Unsubscription
 



      You are inquiring about Easy Investment Plan    

Please fill in the form below, and a customer service representative will contact you shortly.  (All fields are required)
Name *



Email *



Home Address *



Contact Number *



Message *











What code is in the image? *

Enter the characters shown in the image.

 







Inquire Now
 








 



 







About BDO
Corporate Governance
Investor Relations
Company Disclosures
Contact Us
Careers
Press Room
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
 
BDO Unibank, Inc. © 2012. All Rights Reserved



 
























 















BDO EIP – Randell Tiongson











































Randell Tiongson



Toggle navigation














Tag: BDO EIP 


Save, invest and win with BDO EIP
By Randell Tiongson on June 6th, 2013

BDO Trust Group is currently running an Easy Investment Plan (EIP) public promo from June 1 to November 30, 2013.
Through this exercise, they hope to enable more people to meet their financial goals by investing in BDO’s UITFs via the EIP. Accounts that will open and/or contribute to their EIP funds during this period will be entitled to monthly raffles wherein we will be giving out an iPad Mini by geographic location, namely: Metro Manila, Luzon, Visayas and Mindanao. Aside from the monthly draws, there will also be a grand draw onDecember 20, 2013 and winner per geographic location can choose from among a 2-night, 3-day trip to Hong Kong for two (2), an Apple iPhone 5 or Samsung 40-inch LED TV.
Save, invest and get a chance to win some cool prizes! But the biggest winer is you when you invest early, invest wisely and invest regularly. Check out your favorite BDO branch for more details.
Well, I hope I win too!





Personal Finance Champions: BDO’s EIP
By Randell Tiongson on October 20th, 2011

How can an investment make it to my list of personal finance champions? Here’s why.
As a personal finance advocate, I and many other advocates have been teaching people on the power of regularly saving and investing. Many of us will use charts and illustrations showing the power of compounding especially if we are doing it on monthly basis. However, there is hardly any vehicle for us to do such investment on a monthly or semi-monthly basis; if there is, the minimum amounts required will marginalize many of us.
I have been writing and speaking about the advantages of pooled funds, especially for long term investing (please check my other blogs on pooled funds). Mutual Funds and UITFs are good investment vehicles for the average Pinoy and one can expect better capital growth in the long term for such instruments. However, Mutual Funds and UITFs have minimum amounts and although they are relatively low, many Pinoys still find it difficult to cough up the initial placement that ranges from P5,000 to P10,000. Further, many of us will start on investing on said pooled funds but will stop making additional placements because we find it inconvenient and we lack the discipline for force savings. To learn more about Pooled Funds visit my previously posted articles: Pooled Funds 1 & Pooled Funds 2
When I received a call from BDO’s Chief Investment Officer Marvin Fausto to have lunch, he said that he has something that he wants to show me that I will definitely find interesting. Since Marvin is a dear friend and one I respect and admire a lot, I agreed to meet him provided he pays for lunch (always a cheapskate I am). Mr. Fausto told me about a new product BDO will be launching, a UITF program that can be deducted from one’s savings account on a monthly or semi-monthly regimen. It was interesting but I didn’t think it was really anything new… besides, there are very few Pinoys who can afford a monthly debit of P10,000. What Marvin said after really caught my attention – he smiled and told me that the monthly deduction can be as low as P1,000 a month and the investor can chose among 3 funds BDO is offering: Bond, Balanced and Equities. My jaw dropped and asked him “really, you guys are willing to let people buy into your funds for P1,000? Wow!” Further, the convenience of auto deduction will be good for many of us who are not necessarily well disciplined in savings.  What I also like is that an investor just needs to go through the initial paperwork one time, no further documents, signatures, Know Your Client (KYC) questionnaires after.
Here’s the beauty of the EIP. If I am a conservative investor, I can opt to go for their Bond funds which are generally low risk investments. If I am aggressive and still have a lot of time before I need my funds, I can opt to be a risk taker and invest in their Equity funds. If I want to be in the middle of the ground when it comes to taking risks, I can opt for Balanced funds. While other banks can offer you UITF funds, I don’t think there is anyone that will let you invest for a small amount of P1,000 per month. Finally, there is a real product that is consistent with what we finance coaches teach, regular savings and investing over a long period of time and this time, even those with challenged incomes can now participate.
Truly, the BDO EIP is a Personal Finance Champion in my view. Pinoys should take advantage of investing through the EIP and other financial institutions should take queue from BDO. To Marvin Fausto, Ador Abrogena, Marily de Vera and the rest of the BDO Trust Department, mabuhay kayo!
Check out BDO’s EIP on their website




Investing made easier with BDO’s EIP
By Randell Tiongson on September 4th, 2011

Re-posting Jane Uymatiao’s blog…
In a previous post, I wrote about having been invited to a workshop (Steps to Financial Peace) given by Randell Tiongson, a well-known financial planning consultant, as well as other inspirational speakers.
Randell spoke of the Philippines’ low savings rate – 16% in 2003 – the lowest in Asia. If Filipinos saved only 16% of their income, it meant that so many are not saving or not saving enough. In the workshop, Randell also mentioned that if all extra money is placed only in savings or time deposit, it earns at a lower rate than inflation. Purchasing power then is being eroded by inflation as it cannot keep up with the higher inflation. The only way to keep purchasing power ahead of inflation is to put one’s savings into higher-yielding products. Trust products are the popular investment channels available now to most people Problem is that while the minimum placements have gone down considerably to allow more people to invest in these, it is still not low enough.

I remember a time when the minimum investment amount in Unit Investment Trust Funds (UITF) was around PhP 1 million. That meant only the already rich could invest in these types of products. Everyone else had to be content with a savings or time deposit product. Over the years, however, the minimum trust investment started coming down to Php500,000, then PhP100,000 and eventually, as low as P10,000. A sponsor of the workshop happened to be Banco de Oro (BDO). During the workshop, the executives of BDO’s Trust Department, introduced a new trust product called Easy Investment Plan or EIP.
For only P1,000 a month, you can already join the ranks of those who have access to higher-yielding products.
Briefly, what are UITFs?
They are NOT deposit accounts; rather, they are trust agreements. In the case of the EIP, BDO is the trustee, tasked to make decisions as to how to invest the funds.
They earn a higher rate of return compared to deposit accounts but are not insured with the PDIC or obligations guaranteed by a bank.
An investment is assigned a certain number of “units” depending on the unit value on the date you made the investment. This unit value …
Read full post athttp://janeuymatiao.com/2011/09/03/investing-made-easier-with-bdos-easy-investment-plan-eip/








Search for:



I need help with my Finances 












---Financial PlanningInvestingInsuranceReal Estate




  Recent Posts 

Honoring my father


Our children are not our retirement plans


Relief from the burden of debt


My finance events in the UAE 2017


By the BOOK: Creating Wealth and Managing Finances


 My Next BIG Finance Seminar  
 My finance events in the UAE 2017











Copyright © 2015 by Randell Tiongson | SEO by SEO-Hacker. Designed, managed and optimized by Sean Si








EIP Investment Trust - EIP Growth and Income Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:41 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of EIP Investment Trust - EIP Growth and Income Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
EIP Investment Trust - EIP Growth and Income Fund is a feeder fund launched and managed by Energy Income Partners, LLC. The fund invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States and Canada. The fund primarily seeks to invest in stocks of companies across the energy sector. It invests in master limited partnerships, entities that own I-Shares or i-units, and royalty and income trusts. For its fixed income component, the fund invests in high-quality corporate and agency bonds rated AA or better by S&P or an equivalent rating by Moody's. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Wachovia Midstream MLP Total Return Index and the Barclays Capital Aggrega...
EIP Investment Trust - EIP Growth and Income Fund is a feeder fund launched and managed by Energy Income Partners, LLC. The fund invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States and Canada. The fund primarily seeks to invest in stocks of companies across the energy sector. It invests in master limited partnerships, entities that own I-Shares or i-units, and royalty and income trusts. For its fixed income component, the fund invests in high-quality corporate and agency bonds rated AA or better by S&P or an equivalent rating by Moody's. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Wachovia Midstream MLP Total Return Index and the Barclays Capital Aggregate Credit Index (1-3 year). EIP Investment Trust - EIP Growth and Income Fund was formed on August 17, 2006 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


10 Wright StreetWestport, CT 06880United StatesFounded in 2006



Phone: 203-349-8232

Fax: 203-286-1602








Key Executives for EIP Investment Trust - EIP Growth and Income Fund




Mr. James Jarvis Murchie


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Portfolio Manager
      








Ms. Eva Pao


      	Chief Compliance Officer and Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact EIP Investment Trust - EIP Growth and Income Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















	EIP Investment Trust : All Documents | Contracts, Agreements, Deals, Legal Docs



















































   




 Home 
  Contracts    
 


All Contracts
Business
Compensation
Corporate
Employment
Fee Agreements
Financials




Financing
Insurance
Leasing
Legal
Licensing
Loans
M&A




Miscellany
Plans
Purchase & Sale
Real Estate
Securities
Services







  Companies    
    A B
C D E
F G H
I  
 J K
L M N
O P Q
R  
 S T
U V W
X Y Z
#     
 
  Industries    
  

All Industries
Biotechnology & Drugs
Capital Goods
Commodities
Construction
Consumer
Energy
Financial
Healthcare




Insurance
Miscellany
Real Estate
Retail
Services
Technology
Transportation
Utilities


 
  
  Subscriptions  
 Subscriptions Cancellations FAQs 
  Support 

 About Us Contact Us FAQs Receipts

Services
 
Sign-In

 
 












   



 

HomeCompanies LibraryEIP Investment Trust
1













EIP Investment Trust: By Category


CorporateFee AgreementsFinancialsLegalLicensingMiscellanySecuritiesServices






All Categories





View DocumentTitleDateRelated Entities



Full Doc



Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

2016

 EIP Investment Trust





PreviewFull Doc



Notice of Assignment of the Custodian Services Agreement  

2015

 EIP Investment Trust





Full Doc



Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

2014

 EIP Investment Trust





Full Doc



Code Eth  

2014

 EIP Investment Trust





Full Doc



Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

2010

 EIP Investment Trust





Full Doc



Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

2009

 EIP Investment Trust





PreviewFull Doc



Investment Advisory Agreement  

2008

 EIP Investment Trust





PreviewFull Doc



Custodian Services Agreement  

2008

 EIP Investment Trust





PreviewFull Doc



Administration and Accounting Services Agreement  

2008

 EIP Investment Trust





PreviewFull Doc



Transfer Agency Services Agreement  

2008

 EIP Investment Trust





Full Doc



Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

2008

 EIP Investment Trust





PreviewFull Doc



Franchise Agreement  

2006

 EIP Investment Trust





PreviewFull Doc



Area Representative Agreement  

2006

 EIP Investment Trust





PreviewFull Doc



Software License Agreement  

2006

 EIP Investment Trust





PreviewFull Doc



Investment Advisory Agreement  

2006

 EIP Investment Trust





PreviewFull Doc



Custodian Services Agreement  

2006

 EIP Investment Trust;  PNC Financial





PreviewFull Doc



Administration and Accounting Services Agreement  

2006

 EIP Investment Trust;  PNC Financial





PreviewFull Doc



Transfer Agency Services Agreement  

2006

 EIP Investment Trust;  PNC Financial






1














  
               2017 © The Consus Group LLC   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms of Service


















































 
  









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









