    Jack Eisenstat | Eisenstat Capital Partners LLP | ZoomInfo.com




Eisenstat Capital Partners Long-Only Fund LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Eisenstat  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Eisenstat Capital Partners Long-Only Fund LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Eisenstat Capital Long Only (Gp) Llc 888 7 Th Avenue 
    New York, NY, 10019Phone: 212-407-7500 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-15


New


$1,000,000


$1,000,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Jack Eisenstat 
 Executive 


 Eisenstat Capital Long Only (Gp) Llc 
 Executive 


 Eisenstat Capital Partners Lp 
 Promoter 

















Eisenstat Capital Partners













Toggle navigation







About
Experience
Team
Contact
Login / Register







Eisenstat Capital Partners
About Eisenstat Capital Partners

Eisenstat Capital Partners LP is a European long/short manager founded in October 2008, which employs a rigorous fundamental research process selecting stocks to generate absolute returns. The Fund focuses on Developed Europe and invests in predominately large cap securities. Our senior investment team, which has been together for over 10 years, seeks to identify the most compelling long or short opportunities and then capture alpha with each investment.
ECAP’s fund has received numerous recognitions in industry publications and events over the years including Investors Choice and Eurohedge.

 

















Eisenstat Capital Partners















Toggle navigation







About
Experience
Team
Contact
Login / Register







Eisenstat Capital Partners
Contact

For all enquiries please contact Shameel Danish at sdanish@ecaplp.com or by telephone: +44 207 258 8000



UK
                  4 Bentinck Street
                  London
                  W1U 2EF
              






 
















Eisenstat Capital Partners















Toggle navigation







About
Experience
Team
Contact
Login / Register







Eisenstat Capital Partners
Experience

Our founding Partners have developed, tested and refined their strategy and process over 15 years at Eisenstat Capital Partners and Caxton Associates with nearly the same core investment team for over 10 years. The global investment team of sector specialists and risk analysts share a common philosophy and process in a collaborative framework that leverages their decades of experience and industry knowledge. We have offices in London, Israel and New York which provides us access to a broad range of sources, viewpoints and talent providing the basis for more in-depth market intelligence and differentiated analysis.

 











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Eisenstat Capital Partners LP


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







Eisenstat Capital Partners LP
Fund Manager






Institutional Investors

Fund Managers

Eisenstat Capital Partners LP





















Eisenstat Capital Partners LP
is  a Delaware Fund Manager located in New York,
New York.  
 

It was registered on Wednesday, February 22, 2012.






888 Seventh Avenue, Fl 24
New York,
New York, 
10019 
United States
Phone: (212) 407-7500
http://www.eisenstatcapitalpartners.com



Limited Partner
Abe Eisenstat
Cco/Coo
Desmond Denning
Cio/Limited Partner
Jack Eisenstat




Inception Date2012-02-22
JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 19:43:51.832845
As of Date2017-03-31
Latest Filing2017-03-31
SEC Number801-73185
CRD Number157253
Inception2012-02-22
Legal NameEisenstat Capital Partners LP
NameEisenstat Capital Partners LP
Legal Entity TypeLimited Partnership
Legal Entity Identifier549300LU2LRD4TFX9K15











Statements



Employees


Regulatory AUM






Funds



Hedge Funds: 7












03-17
05-16
03-16




Employees
12.00
20.00
20.00











03-17
05-16
03-16




Regulatory Assets Under Management
400.94M
1.02B
1.02B







Hedge Funds: 2017-03-31



Eisenstat Capital Partners Offshore Fund Ltd
Kentucky


Eisenstat Capital Partners Long-Only Fund LP
Delaware


Eisenstat Capital Partners Master Fund LP
Kentucky


Eisenstat Capital Partners Long-Only Offshore Fund Ltd
Kentucky


Eisenstat Capital Partners Intermediate Fund LP
Cayman Islands


Eisenstat Capital Partners Fund LP
Delaware


Eisenstat Capital Partners Long-Only Master Fund LP
Kentucky
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC














Eisenstat Capital Partners















Toggle navigation







About
Experience
Team
Contact
Login / Register







Eisenstat Capital Partners
Disclaimer, Terms and Conditions of Web Site Use

This web site is provided by Eisenstat Capital Partners (UK) LLP and its affiliates (“ECAP”).
This web site is subject to international copyright laws and other intellectual property rights with all rights reserved.  No information contained in this web site, any part of this web site, or associated documents (together the “Information”), may be redistributed in whole or in part, stored in a retrieval system, modified, linked into, republished, uploaded, transmitted in any form or by any means electronic or mechanical, or by photocopying, recording or otherwise without the express prior written permission of ECAP.
The names, logos, or identifying marks relating to the products and services of ECAP are proprietary trademarks/ service marks of ECAP and may not be used in any way without express prior written consent of ECAP.
The Information is confidential and is not intended to influence you in making any investment decisions and should not be considered as advice or a recommendation to invest.  Any Information in this web site may not be suitable for all investors and investors must make their own investment decisions using their own independent advisors and relevant offering material.  Any investment decisions must be based upon an investor's specific financial situation and investment objectives and should be based solely on the information in the relevant offering memorandum.  Income from or the price or value of any financial instruments may rise or fall. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
The content of this web site is not intended, and must not be construed, as an offer of, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, any investments in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation would be unlawful.  In particular, this web site is not intended as marketing of any fund in any member state of the European Economic Area for the purposes of the Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers.
ECAP assumes no responsibility or liability for the correctness, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of the Information, for any viruses contained in, or attached to, this website or for any loss, damage or lost opportunities resulting from the use of the Information.  Any views, opinions or assumptions may be subject to change without notice.
Eisenstat Capital Partners (UK) LLP. Registered office address: 4th Floor Reading Bridge House, George Street, Reading, Berkshire, RG1 8LS. Registered Number: OC339484.
Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. FCA registration number: 725132.
Your username and password is for your personal use only and neither may be transferred to any other person. The Information in this web site is confidential and may not be shared without our consent.  The product described on the password protected pages of this web site is an unregulated collective investment scheme.  Its promotion or offering in the United Kingdom is restricted to institutions or individuals falling within COBS 4.12, Chapter 4 of the FCA Handbook, and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes (Exemptions) Order 2001).  When viewing any area of the site related to this unregulated fund, you confirm that you are authorised to carry out investment business under FSMA or are a person falling within the eligible categories of permitted investors (Rule 4.12, COBS Chapter 4 of the FCA Handbook, and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes (Exemptions) Order 2001)).
In addition to the foregoing, by entering this web site you agree and confirm to ECAP that:

you have chosen to access this web site of your own will;
you will not distribute, copy or otherwise reproduce any of the Information;
you understand that none of the Information comprises or includes a financial promotion or investment advertisement and the Information is not intended as an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security, and that the Information is provided for your information only;
you understand that the Information is not intended for distribution to, or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation; and
where you are in the United Kingdom, you are not a private or retail investor or subject to any jurisdictional restrictions permitting access to information on unregulated collective investment schemes and that you fall within one of the permissible categories under Rule 4.12, COBS Chapter 4 of the FCA Handbook, and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes (Exemptions) Order 2001; and where you are in the United States, because the Information is only intended for the account of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)), you are a “qualified purchaser” (as defined in the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Company Act”)) and/ or an “accredited investor” (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act).


 














Jason Lewis - Head, Business Development & Investor Relations at Eisenstat Capital Partners LP



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Jason Lewis
Head, Business Development & Investor Relations at Eisenstat Capital Partners LP



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History 


Jason Lewis
Head, Business Development & Investor Relations at Eisenstat Capital Partners LP



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 13 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Jack Heller Eisenstat

Founding Partner at Eisenstat Capital Partners LP




Desmond Patrick Denning

Chief Compliance Officer & Chief Operating Officer at Eisenstat Capital Partners LP





James Donal Orme-Smith

Chief Compliance Officer at Eisenstat Capital Partners LP




Shameel Danish

Portfolio Manager, Risk Manager & Head of Trading at Eisenstat Capital Partners LP





Abe Eisenstat

Co-Founder at Eisenstat Capital Partners LP




Paul A. Southgate

Senior Analyst at Eisenstat Capital Partners LP





Toby Kram

Senior Analyst at Eisenstat Capital Partners LP




Seth Arthur Kirkham

Partner & Co-Head of Research at DSAM Partners LLP





Joe Dancykier

Analyst at Eisenstat Capital Partners LP




Marc Abel

Former Chief Compliance Officer at Eisenstat Capital Partners LP







See 3 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 3 More 


 


 Paths to Jason Lewis



            Jason Lewis          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Jason Lewis






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Jason Lewis.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Undergraduate Degree 
Class of 2000 


Cornell University

                  Along with its excellent faculty and facilities, Cornell University boasts a beautiful location in the Finger Lakes region of central New York. The huge hillside campus overlooks Lake Cayuga and is crisscrossed by deep gorges and bridges. Cornell is unique among the Ivy League universities in that its agricultural program is part of the state school system. Cornell is well known for its schools of engineering and hotel management. Its strengths in research and instruction have earned it membership in the Association of American Universities, and Cornell can also boast of a chapter of Phi Beta Kappa. Cornell's athletic teams are called the Big Red.                





 Career History



Head, Business Development & Investor Relations

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Eisenstat Capital Partners LP


                  Eisenstat Capital Partners seeks to achieve risk-adjusted capital growth primarily through investments in European equity securities and other equity-related instruments. The firm may also may make investments in bonds or other fixed-income securities issued by private issuers or governmental entities. To increase the performance potential of the funds while mitigating general market risk, Eisenstat may employ a hedged approach by taking short positions, as well as long positions, in equity securities and other equity-related instruments. Eisenstat's investment strategy is based on a fundamental, research-intensive, security selection process. While attention is paid to general macroeconomic conditions, Eisenstat believes that the underlying stock selection process is the critical determinant to achieving superior investment results.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


BlackRock Advisors LLC


                  BlackRock Advisors offers investors around the world a variety of investment products that span asset classes, market-caps, investment styles and geographic regions. The firm offers strategies for investments in equities, fixed-income, cash management, multi-asset classes, alternative investments and real estate. BlackRock manages a full range of equity strategies that cover the entire risk/return spectrum. They also offer opportunities that target specific market sectors, as well as asset allocation and balanced investment strategies. The firm actively manages style-specific portfolios that are created based on their proprietary research in each major equity asset class.BlackRock offers fixed-income strategies designed to meet an array of client risk/return profiles and to add value in all market environments. Their fixed-income investment strategy is based on a globally-integrated approach to information sharing and risk management. BlackRock employs a disciplined investment process that seeks to add value through: (1) relative value asset allocation, sector rotation and security selection (2) rigorous quantitative analysis and valuation of each security and portfolio as a whole and (3) intensive credit analysis and review. They do this while controlling portfolio duration within a narrow band relative to a benchmark index, where applicable.In addition, BlackRock offers alternative investment strategies that are designed to provide returns with low correlations to the broad equity and bond markets including private equity, real estate equity and debt, hedge funds-of-funds, single-strategy hedge funds, long-only absolute return strategies, commodities and structured products.BlackRock's global real estate capabilities span the capital market structure and include equity and debt products. The firm offers a diverse product line that includes dedicated property sector capabilities. These products are available to institutional and high-net-worth investors through commingled vehicles and separate accounts. BlackRock's real estate debt and equity strategies focus on global, US, European, Australian and Asian markets.The firm also offers multi-asset class investment strategies that blend traditional asset classes and alternative investments with customized return targets and risk levels. BlackRock offers relatively straightforward, as well as, sophisticated approaches that use a range of equity, fixed-income, alternative and derivative investment strategies that include prepared portfolios, portable alpha, tactical return, global tactical asset allocation and fund-of-fund alternatives.                





 Other Affiliations




              Jason Lewis is affiliated with
                            Eisenstat Capital Partners LP, BlackRock Advisors LLC.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











  Eisenstat to launch European long-only fund | HFM Week | An HFM network

 






 






























































Advertisement











MENU



































SEARCH >









HFMWeek
HFM Compliance
HFM InvestHedge


EuroHedge
HFM Technology
CTA Intelligence


Absolute Return
AsiaHedge
Alt Credit Intelligence




Membership services




 
 



Recently Saved Articles

You haven't saved any articles yet!










News
Analysis
Opinion
Research
The Inside Hedge
Launches
Allocators
Digital Editions
 TOPICS 











themes





places





organizations





People















x

Cookies
We use cookies to ensure that you enjoy the best experience on our website. If you continue, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our website.
ACCEPT AND CONTINUE >
LEARN MORE >


















Exclusive EULaunches 
Eisenstat to launch European long-only fund
Vehicle will replicate existing long book and launch with over $100m

Sam Macdonald 

								Thursday 21st July, 2016 6:22 AM ET								








EMAIL
PRINT
SHARESHARE













 European large-cap l/s equity firm Eisenstat Capital Partners is launching a long-only product after demand from US investors for a directional European equity fund. The Cayman-domiciled Ecap European Long Only Fund is set to launch in the next couple of months with over $100m, trading the long-only book of $560m





Don't have an account? Register here

Username



Password



Forgot password?




Remember me




Problems logging in? email us at membersupport@hfm.global

 








Related Articles




						Mudrick Capital hires new GC and CCO					



						KKR pro co-founds geopolitical hedge fund Horatius					



						Blueprint Capital adds eight credit shops to platform					



						News round-up: Paulson closing l/s equity fund in strategy refocus					



Latest News




					Denver-based start-up launches debut crypto-asset hedge fund				



					Profits at Millennium’s European arm down one third				



					EFA Group hires global compliance head				



					Ex-Prologue COO joins planned Pine River spin-out				



Editor's picks




		Novogratz interview: Life after Fortress		



		SEC considers ‘regulatory relief’ over Mifid II research payments		



		Where next for the EU’s market abuse regulation?		



		FCA moves to bring investment consultants under its control		





 












Become a Member





		Becoming an HFM member opens up a whole world of benefits for you, your
		organization and your bottom line. Start a no obligation free trial to experience our service for yourself.
	



START A FREE TRIAL





FREE NEWSLETTER












+Specialist Networks for the latest industry trends
+Direct access to Industry Intelligence
+Benchmarking Your Firm
+Global Networking Opportunities
+Unique and Actionable Data Resources
+Dedicated Analysts and Account Handlers











































