










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


















admin – EIV Capital, LLC














































HomeOur FirmValue PropositionInvestment ProfileInvestment TypesTeamInvestment TeamIndustry AdvisorsFirm OperationsPortfolioCurrentRealizedNewsContact 















 


			About admin 
		This author has not yet filled in any details.So far admin has created  0 blog entries.	




Email 



 
 

 
 
 
 











 

Eiv Capital Fund Iii Lp raised $450,000,000 on February 1st, 2017































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/465500-eiv-capital-fund-iii-lpsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=465500  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Eiv Capital Fund Iii Lp raised $450,000,000 on February 1st, 2017.Get alertedif Eiv Capital Fund Iii Lp gets funded!Amount:$450,000,000Company:Eiv Capital Fund Iii LpInvestors:-Industry:Business Products and ServicesCountry:State:City:United StatesTexasHoustonKey people:-Data sources:www.pennenergy.com - EIV Capital Closes $450 Million Midstream Energy Private Equity Fund  - PennEnergywww.oilandgas360.com - EIV Capital Closes $450 Million Midstream Energy Private Equity Fund - Oil & Gas 360shalegas.einnews.com - EIV Capital Closes $450 Million Midstream Energy Private Equity Fund - Shale Gas News Today - EIN Newsm.marketwired.com - EIV Capital Closes $450 Million Midstream Energy Private Equity Fundfinance.yahoo.com - EIV Capital Closes $450 Million Midstream Energy Private Equity Fundwww.oilandgasinvestor.com - EIV Capital Closes $450 Million Midstream Private Equity Fund | Oil and Gas InvestorPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!





Legal Disclaimer – EIV Capital, LLC























































HomeOur FirmValue PropositionInvestment ProfileInvestment TypesTeamInvestment TeamIndustry AdvisorsFirm OperationsPortfolioCurrentRealizedNewsContact 















			Legal Disclaimer		


admin 


			2015-09-01T14:31:58+00:00		
 
Legal Disclaimer
This website is intended solely to provide information regarding EIV Capital’s financing capabilities for prospective portfolio companies. The information provided on this website, including information regarding EIV Capital’s current and past portfolio companies, is not intended to recommend any company described herein and is not an offer or sale of any security. In any event, past performance is not a guarantee of future results and it should not be assumed that results for one investment will be achieved for all investments.
EIV Capital operates as an SEC-registered investment advisor and, as such, provides investment advisory services only to the privately offered EIV Capital funds.
The Investor Login is solely for the use of existing limited partners of investment funds sponsored by EIV Capital.




 
 

 
 
 
 


















Current – EIV Capital, LLC























































HomeOur FirmValue PropositionInvestment ProfileInvestment TypesTeamInvestment TeamIndustry AdvisorsFirm OperationsPortfolioCurrentRealizedNewsContact 











Loading...







OUR PORTFOLIO 

















			Current		


admin 


			2017-01-12T10:24:56+00:00		

Current
 Gazelle Transportation
×Gazelle Transportation is an oilfield midstream service provider based in Bakersfield, California focused on crude oil transportation and fluid management services within the oil producing regions of California. Gazelle has a longstanding reputation for providing safe, environmentally-conscious and reliable service for its customers.CloseInitial Investment: August 2016
gazelletrans.com
Read info Fullstream Energy
×Fullstream Energy is focused on partnering with producers in world class resource plays to provide safe, reliable and cost effective midstream solutions using creative and flexible commercial arrangements.CloseInitial Investment: August 2016
fullstreameh.com
Read info H2O Midstream
×H2O Midstream is an energy midstream company focused exclusively on oilfield water. H2O focuses on acquiring, building and operating water midstream assets, including gathering systems and transmission pipelines as well as treatment, storage and disposal facilities. H2O seeks to partner with producers, traditional midstream companies and oilfield service providers to improve the efficiency, reliability and safety of water operations while lowering costs across the entire value chain.CloseInitial Investment: April 2016
h20midstream.com
Read info CAM Integrated Solutions
×CAM Integrated Solutions is a customer oriented engineering, procurement and construction management company focused on providing innovative, integrated solutions for upstream and midstream projects. Headquartered in Houston, Texas, CAM seeks to build long-term partnerships with its oil and gas customers by creating efficient, repeatable, and safe infrastructure solutions to meet the unique needs and demands of their specific project.CloseInitial Investment: October 2015
camintegrated.com
Read info Woodland Midstream
×Woodland Midstream is a growth-oriented midstream company focused on acquiring, developing, operating and optimizing natural gas and natural gas liquids infrastructure throughout Texas and bordering states.CloseInitial Investment: May 2015
woodlandmidstream.com
Read info MAS Georgia QF
×Formed to develop one landfill gas to energy project in the Atlanta, GA metro area that is supported by a fixed price offtake agreement.CloseInitial Investment: July 2014
mas-energy.com
Read info GlycosBio (non-core)
×Glycos Biotechnologies utilizes microbes to convert low-value agricultural waste streams into high-value hydrocarbons.CloseInitial Investment: October 2010
glycosbio.com
Read info Five States (non-core)
×Five States is an investment management company based in Dallas, Texas which invests in energy related assets including producing properties, midstream, oilfield service businesses and financing to producers.CloseInitial Investment: September 2009
fivestates.com
Read info



 
 

 
 
 
 

















EIV Capital, LLC
























































HomeOur FirmValue PropositionInvestment ProfileInvestment TypesTeamInvestment TeamIndustry AdvisorsFirm OperationsPortfolioCurrentRealizedNewsContact 











Loading...







 

















			Home		


admin 


			2016-06-06T10:51:08+00:00		

EIV Capital is a private equity firm based in Houston, Texas, specializing in the energy industry.  EIV focuses on the midstream and downstream segments of the market.
EIV Capital is an investor-centric private equity firm, with diverse team experience. We provide valuable, practical solutions and advice based on our operational and financial experience and aim to be a true partner to all stakeholders.
WHO WE ARE
EIV is an energy industry focused private equity firm based in Houston, TX.
LEARN MOREWHAT WE DO
EIV targets opportunities that can realize risk adjusted returns while protecting principal.
LEARN MOREWORKING WITH US
A relationship with EIV offers a combination of capital and access to an experienced team.
LEARN MORE



 
 

 
 
 
 


















News – EIV Capital, LLC
























































HomeOur FirmValue PropositionInvestment ProfileInvestment TypesTeamInvestment TeamIndustry AdvisorsFirm OperationsPortfolioCurrentRealizedNewsContact 











Loading...







LATEST NEWS 

















			News		


admin 


			2017-06-19T10:24:34+00:00		

Press Releases
June 19, 2017
EIV Capital Announces Investment in EcoVapor Recovery Systems
EIV Capital announced today the completion of its growth equity commitment to EcoVapor Recovery Systems, a premier provider of differentiated vapor recovery and oxygen removal solutions at hydrocarbon production facilities.
June 14, 2017
H2O Midstream Acquires Permian Basin Produced Water Assets from Encana Oil & Gas
H2O Midstream announced today the acquisition of produced water infrastructure from Encana Oil & Gas (USA) Inc. concurrent with the execution of an acreage dedication based midstream water services agreement.
February 1, 2017
EIV Capital Closes $450 Million Midstream Energy Private Equity Fund
EIV Capital announced today the final closing of its third fund at its hard cap of $450 million, surpassing its original $350 million target.
October 12, 2016
EIV Capital Announces Investment in Gazelle Transportation
EIV Capital announced today the completion of its $20 million investment commitment to Gazelle Transportation, a crude oil transportation and fluid management logistics company.
June 21, 2016
H2O Midstream Announces Its Formation and Initial Capital Commitment
H2O Midstream, LLC announced today that it has secured an initial funding commitment of $100 million, with investments from EIV Capital and co-investments from several of EIV’s institutional partners.
April 20, 2016
EIV Capital Announces the Sale of Four Landfill Gas-to-Energy Facilities
EIV Capital announced today the sale of four landfill gas to-energy facilities located near Atlanta, Georgia to Cube District Energy, a portfolio company of I Squared Capital.
February 10, 2016
EIV Capital Announces Formation of CAM Integrated Solutions
EIV Capital announced today the completion of its $40 million investment commitment to and formation of CAM Integrated Solutions, LLC, a new engineering, procurement and construction management company.
December 8, 2015
Tesoro to Acquire Great Northern Midstream
Tesoro Corp., San Antonio, has agreed to acquire Great Northern Midstream LLC, a crude oil logistics provider that owns and operates a recently constructed crude oil pipeline and gathering system, and transportation, storage, and rail-loading facilities in the Williston basin of North Dakota.
May 12, 2015
EIV Capital Announces Formation of Woodland Midstream
EIV Capital announced today the completion of its $40 million investment commitment to form Woodland Midstream, LLC, an independent natural gas midstream company.

Feb 2, 2015
EIV Capital, LLC Closes a $267 Million Midstream Energy Fund
EIV Capital, LLC, an energy-focused private equity firm, announced today the final closing of its second fund, EIV Capital Fund II, LP with total committed capital of $267 million, surpassing the fund’s $200 million target.




 
 

 
 
 
 

















Investment Team – EIV Capital, LLC























































HomeOur FirmValue PropositionInvestment ProfileInvestment TypesTeamInvestment TeamIndustry AdvisorsFirm OperationsPortfolioCurrentRealizedNewsContact 











Loading...







OUR TEAM 

















			Investment Team		


admin 


			2017-06-19T12:48:17+00:00		

Investment Team
 Patricia B. Melcher
×Patricia Melcher – MANAGING PARTNER/CO-FOUNDERPatti Melcher co-founded EIV Capital in 2009 and serves as the firm’s Managing Partner. In this role, she leads the strategic direction of the firm and directs its investment programs.  Prior to co-founding EIV, Patti founded Allegro Capital Management, Inc. in 1997, an energy private equity firm which not only made equity investments in energy companies but also provided consulting services. During her tenure there, she served as Interim Chief Executive Officer for Petrocom Energy, Ltd. Prior to that, Patti worked with Sandefer Capital Partners helping develop the investment strategy for a $500 million fund. Prior to Sandefer, Patti joined newly formed SCF partners, a private equity fund focused on the oilfield services industry.  She has more than 29 years of experience and began her career as an investment banker for Simmons & Company International.
Patti is active in the non-profit community.  In 1997, she co-founded and then served as President and Board Chair (currently Trustee Emeritus) of The Joy School, a non-profit K-8 school focused on meeting the educational needs of children with learning differences.  She currently serves on the boards of Workshop Houston, Da Camera of Houston and is a Trustee of the University of Virginia School of Engineering.
She received her BS degree in Systems Engineering from University of Virginia and an MBA from Harvard University.CloseMANAGING PARTNER/CO-FOUNDER
Read Bio Jenny Gottschalk
×Jennifer Gottschalk – PARTNERJennifer (“Jenny”) Gottschalk joined EIV Capital in 2009. Jenny serves as a Partner of EIV and a member of the firm’s Investment Committee. Prior to EIV, Jenny was an investor and executive in a number of successful entrepreneurial energy companies involved in natural gas, crude oil and refined products segments of the industry. Jenny enjoys working with other entrepreneurs to help them realize their vision. Her early career was with Accenture, with progressive experience culminating as an Associate Partner,  where she worked as a consultant to energy companies in the upstream, midstream, downstream and petrochemical sectors both domestically and internationally.
Jenny is a proud graduate of the University of Texas at Austin.   She earned both a BS in Mechanical Engineering and an BA in Plan II, the honors liberal arts program.ClosePARTNER
Read Bio David Finan
×David Finan – PARTNERDavid Finan serves as a Partner of EIV and a member of the firm’s Investment Committee.  He is actively involved in firm strategy and is responsible for originating and stewarding investments across EIV’s areas of focus. David has more than 15 years of experience including energy finance in upstream, midstream, oilfield service and power sectors. David most recently served as Director for Quantum Energy Partners, where he participated in investment activities across upstream, midstream and oil field sectors; including portfolio company board participation and monitoring, evaluating and sourcing new investments, due diligence and transaction structuring and execution. In 2006, David joined GSO Capital Partners, a division of the Blackstone Group, where he served as Vice President of the energy investment team and provided credit, equity and special situation capital across the energy value chain. His responsibilities included negotiating and executing private investments, participating in syndicated offerings and monitoring ongoing investments within GSO and Blackstone’s credit and special-situation hedge funds. Prior to that, David held positions at JPMorgan and Credit Suisse’s investment banking Natural Resources Group, focusing on mergers, acquisitions and capital market transactions.
David received a Bachelor’s of Business Administration in Finance and Management Information Systems from Baylor University, graduating cum laude.ClosePARTNER
Read Bio Carl Thomason
×Carl Thomason – OPERATING PARTNER

As Operating Partner to EIV,  Carl Thomason currently serves as President of Great Northern Gathering and Marketing, LLC (“GNGM”). Carl participated on EIV’s advisory board upon its inception and served on the board of Genesis Energy LP (“GEL”) as EIV’s director nominee in conjunction with its investment in GEL’s general partner. Prior to GNGM, Carl founded  Yessup Oil Corporation, an independent marketer of refined petroleum products, and served as an operator of a hydrogen sulfide removal plant in East Texas. In 2006, Carl founded CAR Treating Systems, LLC which designs, constructs and installs extraction units to treat hydrogen sulfide contained in natural gasoline and crude condensates. In 1988, Carl formed Eastex Crude Company, which gathered crude oil in the Gulf Coast states as well as California. He later sold his interest to the company in 1997. Carl is active participant in the energy and transportation markets, beginning his career as a crude oil purchaser and oil trader for P&O Falco and was later appointed to Vice President of US Crude Oil Gathering.
Carl served on the board of Forestar Group Inc. until February 2015 and currently serves on the advisory board of the Carl McCain Foundation. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Northeastern Louisiana University.CloseOPERATING PARTNER
Read Bio Max Harris
×Max Harris – VICE PRESIDENT

Max Harris joined EIV Capital in 2015 and currently serves as a Vice President. Previously, Max worked as an energy private equity associate at Riverstone Holdings, where he focused on capital investments within the upstream, midstream and power generation sectors of the energy value chain. His responsibilities included evaluation of new investments, portfolio company monitoring, industry research, transaction structuring and execution. Prior to Riverstone, Max served as an investment banking analyst in the Natural Resources Group of Barclays, where he focused on mergers, acquisitions and capital market transactions for companies involved in the upstream and midstream sectors of the oil and gas industry.
Max graduated with honors from the Neeley School of Business at Texas Christian University with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Finance and Accounting. He also earned a minor in Energy Technology and Management.CloseVICE PRESIDENT
Read Bio Matthew East
×Matthew East – ASSOCIATEMatthew East joined EIV Capital in 2015 as an Associate. At EIV, his responsibilities include working with portfolio companies, building financial models and performing industry and company due diligence. Matthew previously served as an investment banking analyst in Lazard’s Oil & Gas Group and Deutsche Bank’s Natural Resources Group, where he focused on the oilfield services, refining and midstream sectors of the oil and gas market. There, he worked on a number of mergers and acquisitions, defense advisory, debt and equity engagements for privately held, publicly traded and state-owned organizations.
Matthew earned a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance and Real Estate from Baylor University. During that time, Matthew worked in the University’s Office of Investments and as a teaching assistant in the Department of Finance, Insurance and Real Estate. Matthew is an active Baylor alumnus and currently serves as an energy sector advisor to the Philip M. Dorr Alumni and Friends Endowed Investment Fund, a student run investment fund geared towards providing hands on learning and scholarship opportunities for Baylor students.CloseASSOCIATE
Read Bio M. Elizabeth Emanuel
×M. Elizabeth Emanuel – AssociateM. Elizabeth Emanuel (“Liz”) joined EIV Capital in 2016 as an Associate. Liz previously worked as an investment banking analyst and associate in Bank of America Merrill Lynch’s Oil & Gas Group, where she focused on the midstream, upstream and oilfield services sectors of the oil and gas industry. Her responsibilities included performing detailed company valuations, financial modeling, industry research, transaction structuring and execution. There, she worked on a number of mergers and acquisitions, as well as debt and equity capital raises for both privately held and publicly traded organizations.
Liz earned a Bachelor of Science in Engineering Science and Economics from Vanderbilt University. During that time, Liz worked in the University’s Economics Department as a teaching assistant and as a tutor for student athletes.CloseASSOCIATE
Read Bio Alisha Adatia
×Alisha Adatia – AssociateAlisha Adatia joined EIV Capital in 2017 and currently serves as an Associate. Alisha previously worked as an investment banking associate and vice president in Wells Fargo Securities Energy & Power Group, where she focused on the midstream and upstream sectors of the oil and gas industry. There, she worked on a number of mergers and acquisitions, debt and equity engagements for privately held and publicly traded organizations. Prior to that, Alisha worked as a Powertrain Engineer for Toyota Motor Europe’s Research & Development group.
Alisha earned her BSc degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Waterloo, an MSc degree in Automotive Engineering from Cranfield University and an MBA from Carnegie Mellon University.CloseASSOCIATE
Read Bio A. Anthony Annunziato
×Anthony Annunziato – CO-FOUNDERAnthony Annunziato co-founded EIV Capital in 2009 and currently serves as a member of the Investment Committee. Anthony leverages more than 40 years of commodity trading experience to provide the investment team with strategies for managing commodity price risk. In 1997, Anthony founded AAA Capital Management Advisors, Ltd. which provided discretionary management of energy commodity derivative portfolios for 18 years until its closure in December 2014. Prior to founding AAA, Anthony served more than 20 years at Citigroup and a predecessor firm where he provided energy future brokerage, hedging and investment advisory services to a wide range of commercial traders and individual investors. Additionally, Anthony has founded and invested in companies that trade physical natural gas and refined products.
Anthony earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Management from St. Bonaventure University.CloseCO-FOUNDER
Read Bio



 
 

 
 
 
 


















Our Firm – EIV Capital, LLC
























































HomeOur FirmValue PropositionInvestment ProfileInvestment TypesTeamInvestment TeamIndustry AdvisorsFirm OperationsPortfolioCurrentRealizedNewsContact 











Loading...







OUR FIRM
 

















			Our Firm		


admin 


			2015-09-02T12:48:32+00:00		

EIV Capital targets portfolio investments that can generate repeatable, risk-adjusted sustainable returns for our investors. We seek to partner with experienced, entrepreneurial management teams who have demonstrated success in their previous endeavors, who have financial alignment with our investors and who know how to manage their businesses through upturns and downturns in the industry.
Senior leadership of the EIV team have more than a ten year history of working together successfully to deliver quality results for investors and our entrepreneurial partners.
VALUE PROPOSITION
LEARN MOREINVESTMENT PROFILE
LEARN MOREINVESTMENT TYPES
LEARN MORE



 
 

 
 
 
 














EIV Capital Fund III, LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:41 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of EIV Capital Fund III, LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview
EIV Capital Fund III, LP specializes in growth equity and buyout investments in energy. It invests in areas such as midstream which includes infrastructure projects focused on gathering, processing, distribution, storage and marketing of oil, natural gas and refined products; Related Services which includes crude oil trucking, equipment leasing, oilfield water handling, and flare management; and expanded natural gas uses which includes small scale natural gas fired cogeneration projects, LNG as a transportation fuel and landfill gas recovery. The fund typically invests in energy and power. It seeks to invest in North America. The fund comprised of a parallel fund, EIV Capital Fund III-A, LP.


811 Louisiana StreetSuite 2540Houston, TX 77002United StatesFounded in 2016



Phone: 713-353-2755

Fax: 713-353-2793








Key Executives for EIV Capital Fund III, LP


EIV Capital Fund III, LP does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Fund Raising

			      August 1, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact EIV Capital Fund III, LP, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	Latham & Watkins LLP - About Us - News - Latham Advises EIV Capital in $450 Million Midstream Energy Fund Formation










































About Us



Administration


Alumni


Awards & Rankings


Diversity


In Memoriam


Media Coverage


News


Pro Bono & Community Service


Retired Partners


Sustainability Initiative


Women Enriching Business




Online Resources


Languages

中文     Deutsch EnglishEspañolFrançais日本語한국어Pусский




People Finder



Find a person by name or search via surname initial





Quick search


ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ






































 


Industries








		Latham & Watkins meets clients’ needs by understanding the industries in which they operate.  
	





IN THIS SECTION






Aerospace, Defense & Government Services


Automotive


Cleantech


Communications


Energy - Oil & Gas


Energy - Power


Entertainment, Sports & Media


Financial Institutions


FinTech


Healthcare Services & Providers






Hospitality, Gaming & Leisure


Industrials & Manufacturing


Information Technology – Systems & Solutions


Internet & Digital Media


Life Sciences


Mining & Metals


REITs


Retail & Consumer Products


Semiconductors





Go to Industries Section 







Practices








Activism


Africa Practice


Antitrust & Competition


Australia Practice


Banking


Benefits, Compensation & Employment


Capital Markets


CFIUS & US National Security


Communications Law






Complex Commercial Litigation


Corporate Governance


Creditors Rights & Bankruptcy Litigation


Derivatives


Emerging Companies


Entertainment, Sports & Media


Environment, Land & Resources


Export Controls, Economic Sanctions & Customs


Financial Regulatory






Government Contracts


Greater China Practice


Healthcare & Life Sciences


India Practice


Indonesia Practice


Information Law, Data Privacy & Cybersecurity


Insurance Coverage Litigation


Intellectual Property Litigation


International Arbitration






Investment Funds


Islamic Finance


Israel Practice


Korea Practice


Latin America Practice


Litigation & Trial Practice


Mergers & Acquisitions


Nordic Practice


Oil & Gas Transactions






Private Equity


Private Equity Finance


Product Liability, Mass Torts & Consumer Class Actions


Project Development & Finance


Public & Tax-Exempt Finance


Public Company Representation


Real Estate


Restructuring, Insolvency & Workouts


Securities Litigation & Professional Liability






Structured Finance


Supreme Court & Appellate


Tax


Technology Transactions


Turkey Practice


White Collar Defense & Investigations





Go to Practices Section







Knowledge Library








		Latham & Watkins provides first-class thought leadership across practices and industries, locally and globally.
	





IN THIS SECTION






Blogs


Book of Jargon® & Apps


Events


Presentations


Thought Leadership


Videos


Webcasts & Podcasts







VIDEO


WORD OF THE DAY® – Side-Car
Partner Dominic Newcomb explains the term Side-Car from the Book of Jargon® – European Capital Markets and Bank Finance.

view





UPCOMING EVENT


Social Entrepreneurship Legal Clinic
Offering an opportunity to discuss legal issues impacting social entrepreneurs.

Washington, D.C., USA

Read more



Go to Knowledge Library 







Global Directory








		Located in business centers across the globe, the lawyers of Latham & Watkins come from all regions of the world to practice within its fully integrated, one-firm structure.
	





IN THIS SECTION






Find Our People


Latham Around the World - Map View


Latham Around the World - List View








Our OfficesOur People









Join Us







Events







close x


January 2000



Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa





















































Home|About Us|News|Latham Advises EIV Capital in $450 Million Midstream Energy Fund Formation





Administration



Alumni



Awards & Rankings



Diversity



In Memoriam



Media Coverage



News



Pro Bono & Community Service



Retired Partners



Sustainability Initiative



Women Enriching Business




You Might Also BeInterested In


Energy - Oil & Gas
Investment Funds
Private Equity




Latham Advises EIV Capital in Formation of $450 Million Midstream Energy Fund
Firm's Investment Funds team advised energy-focused private equity firm, EIV Capital. 



February 1, 2017
EIV Capital, LLC, an energy-focused private equity firm, has announced the final closing of its third fund, EIV Capital Fund III, LP and its affiliates (“Fund III”), at its hard cap of $450 million, surpassing its original $350 million target. Fund III will continue to pursue the same investment strategy as prior funds by making growth equity investments primarily in the midstream energy sector and opportunistically in other parts of the energy value chain.Latham & Watkins LLP advised EIV Capital in the transaction with an Investment Funds team led by Washington, D.C. corporate partner Barton Clark and Washington, D.C. tax partner Cheryl Coe, with corporate associates Amy Rigdon, Alexander Sevald and Monica Hernandez and tax associate Sean FitzGerald. 





Contacts



                Barton B. Clark
                
                    Washington, D.C.



                        T +1.202.637.1009

                        barton.clark@lw.com


view bio












MEDIA CONTACTS





Geoff Burt
Chief Communications Officer
+1.212.906.1668
United States
Jamie Elise Zuieback

Director of PR & Communications – US 
+1.202.637.1081
Sarah Beckley
+1.312.876.6503
Jamie Glick
+1.202.350.5068
Tracy Iacovelli
+1.212.906.3809
Deanna Kicklighter
+1.312.777.7037 
Frank Pizzurro 
+1.213.891.7276
Catie Weckenman 
+1.202.350.5230
Europe & Middle East
Derek Gilmour

Public Relations Senior Manager – Europe and Middle East 
+44.20.7710.4640 
Simone Heil
+49.69.6062.6520
Asia 
Geoff Burt
+1.212.906.1668









STAY INFORMED




Join our Mailing List




Mobile Apps





Follow us on Twitter





Join us on Facebook





Visit us on LinkedIn





Subscribe on YouTube





share



 Email


 Facebook


 Google+


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





            
    
         
    

        

 


© 2017 Latham & Watkins

Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.

Attorney Advertising & Terms of Use|Mobile Site|Privacy and Cookies|Site Map

Hiring Scam Warning  |
                









Notice: We appreciate your interest in Latham & Watkins. If your inquiry relates to a legal matter and you are not already a current client of the firm, please do not transmit any confidential information to us. Before taking on a representation, we must determine whether we are in a position to assist you and agree on the terms and conditions of engagement with you. Until we have completed such steps, we will not be deemed to have a lawyer-client relationship with you, and will have no duty to keep confidential the information we receive from you. Thank you for your understanding.



Cancel
Accept







		We use cookies to make the experience of our website better. By using our website, your consent to the use of cookies is deemed to be given. To understand more about how we use cookies, please see our Privacy and Cookies Policy.
	









































EIV Capital Closes $450 Million Midstream Energy Private Equity Fund  - PennEnergy






































Subscribe| Advertise| Contact Us






















 








 














 


 




White Papers Videos Marketing Solutions Webcasts Blogs



 






Home



Company Profiles


Topics


Blogs


Enewsletters


Webcasts


White Papers


Infographs


Video


Events


Maps


Equipment


Archived Articles


Books


Advertise


Contact Us





Oil & Gas



Exploration & Production


Offshore Oil & Gas


Pipelines & Transportation


Refining & Processing


Unconventional Oil & Gas


OGJ 150 Index





Power



Renewable Energy


Fossil Fueled Energy


Nuclear Energy


T&D and Smart Grid


T&D Markets


Solar Energy Markets


Power Engineering Price Index


Renewable Energy Markets





Tech & Data



Big Data


Cyber Security


Internet of Things





Research



Energy Salary Report


Featured Products


Oil & Gas


Power


Custom Research & Surveys


Training


Conference Proceedings


Newsletters


Site Licenses





Jobs



Career News


Search


Resumes


Employer Login


Post a Job














White Papers


Videos


Marketing Solutions


Webcasts


Blogs



 


 
Home


Company Profiles


Topics


Blogs


Enewsletters


Webcasts


White Papers


Infographs


Video


Events


Maps


Equipment


Archived Articles


Books


Advertise


Contact Us




 
Oil & Gas


Exploration & Production


Offshore Oil & Gas


Pipelines & Transportation


Refining & Processing


Unconventional Oil & Gas


OGJ 150 Index




 
Power


Renewable Energy


Fossil Fueled Energy


Nuclear Energy


T&D and Smart Grid


T&D Markets


Solar Energy Markets


Power Engineering Price Index


Renewable Energy Markets




 
Tech & Data


Big Data


Cyber Security


Internet of Things




 
Research


Energy Salary Report


Featured Products


Oil & Gas


Power


Custom Research & Surveys


Training


Conference Proceedings


Newsletters


Site Licenses




 
Jobs


Career News


Search


Resumes


Employer Login


Post a Job











 








 

 

 








 



Home
    EIV Capital Closes $450 Million Midstream Energy Private Equity Fund 


 






 


















EIV Capital Closes $450 Million Midstream Energy Private Equity Fund 








February 1, 2017










































HOUSTON, TX--(Marketwired - Feb 1, 2017) - EIV Capital, LLC ("EIV Capital"), an energy-focused private equity firm, announced today the final closing of its third fund, EIV Capital Fund III, LP and its affiliates ("Fund III"), at its hard cap of $450 million, surpassing its original $350 million target. Fund III will continue to pursue the same investment strategy as prior funds by making growth equity investments primarily in the midstream energy sector and opportunistically in other parts of the energy value chain.
EIV Capital launched its institutional fundraise for Fund III in August 2016 and completed fundraising activities in early December 2016, attracting a diverse base of investors that further supports EIV Capital's focus on growth equity investments in the lower middle market energy sector. EIV Capital will continue to utilize and execute on its successful approach of partnering with entrepreneurial management teams and operating companies in less efficient and undercapitalized markets. Fund III will primarily focus on growth midstream infrastructure projects, including gathering, processing, distribution, storage and marketing of oil, natural gas and refined products. In addition to its midstream focus, Fund III will seek to partner with proven entrepreneurs in related segments of the energy value chain.
"The strong performance of our prior two funds and the continued support from our existing limited partners provided EIV with momentum toward this successful fundraise," noted Patti Melcher, Managing Partner of EIV Capital. "We are grateful for our existing partners' support and welcome our new investors to EIV. We believe the energy industry will continue to provide attractive investment opportunities and that EIV is well positioned to leverage its operating, commercial and financial expertise to identify these opportunities and be the partner of choice for experienced management teams and strong operating businesses."[Native Advertisement]
Champlain Advisors, LLC served as the exclusive placement agent for Fund III.
About EIV Capital Founded in 2009, EIV Capital is a Houston, Texas-based private equity firm specializing in providing growth equity to the North American energy industry, managing approximately $800 million in equity commitments across its funds and affiliates. EIV Capital focuses on midstream and related service businesses with an emphasis on energy infrastructure and businesses involved in the processing, transportation, storage, or conversion of oil, natural gas and refined products. The firm's management has extensive experience leading and investing in successful companies across the energy value chain. For more information, visit www.eivcapital.com.
About Champlain Advisors, LLC Founded in 2003, Champlain Advisors, LLC is an SEC registered Broker/Dealer and FINRA/SIPC member firm that provides global fund placement, advisory and investor relations services to alternative investment managers. Please visit www.champlainadvisors.com for additional information.
This news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the company's plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events, future bookings, acquisitions, business trends, executive compensation, and other information that is not historical information. Actual results, performance, or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements, which may be made to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

 Media Contact: Kim Worchesik kworchesik@eivcapital.com












 
























































Sponsored Content is made possible by our sponsor; it does not necessarily reflect the views of our editorial staff.








Powered by:















Latest Energy News - Oil & Gas

















Suit challenges Mountain Valley Pipeline, federal agency

A newly filed lawsuit is seeking to stop federal regulators from granting the developers of the proposed Mountain Valley Pipeline the power of emin...
 















Gas storage deemed safe after blowout but challenge looms

The fight over reopening a massive gas storage facility that has been crippled since a major blowout is heading to court.
 















Shell preparing for world economy that shifts away from oil

Royal Dutch Shell is planning for the day when demand for oil starts fading as major economies move away from oil and increasingly turn to electric...
 















Brazil police arrest former Petrobras CEO in graft probe

Brazilian police have arrested a former CEO of state oil company Petrobras on suspicion of receiving bribes from a construction company involved in...
 















Eni returns to profit in second quarter as output grew

Italian oil and gas company Eni returned to second-quarter profits as it ramped up new production in three regions amid ongoing pricing volatility.

 





More Energy News - Oil & Gas >























 


































 


 















 

 



 


 



















 







 



 

 

 








Copyright ÂŠ 2007-2017 PennWell Corporation, Tulsa, OK. All Rights Reserved.
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy


Utility

Home
About Us
Contact Us
Subscribe
Advertise
RSS Feeds


Sections

White Papers
Videos
Webcasts
Research
Jobs
Maps
Books


Topics

Oil & Gas
Power
Tech & Data


Oil & Gas Group

Oil & Gas Journal
Oil & Gas Financial Journal
Offshore
Oil Gas & Petrochem Equip
PennEnergy Research
PennEnergy Equipment
PennEnergy Jobs


Power Group

Electric Light & Power
Hydro Review
Nuclear Power International
Power Engineering
Power Engineering International

Renewable Energy World

Utility Products

pennwellhub Power




















 

 











 EIV: Quote and summary for EV Municipal Bond II - MSN Money















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help






























AdChoices














EV Municipal Bond II
Amex: EIV



US Markets Open










AdChoices








12.58


▲


+0.02
+0.16%



 : 






 July 27, 2017 3:49 PM EDT. BATS BZX Real-Time Last Price. Currency In USD                
















Save














 Summary




 Analysis



















































Open
12.64


Previous Close
12.56


Vol (3-Month Avg.)
38.13k


Day's Range
12.57-12.64


52 week range
11.78-13.80


Net Assets
136.38M


Yield
4.44%


Category
Muni National Long  


Morningstar Risk
Above Average







Profile






Name of Issuer


Eaton Vance




Expenses


1.17%







To provide current income exempt from federal income tax, including alternative minimum tax. Under normal market conditions, the Fund is required to invest at least 80% of net assets in municipal obligations rated A or better by Moodys, S&P or Fitch. It may invest up to 10% of its total assets in residual interest municipal bonds known as inverse floaters.





eatonvance.com





Inception
11/29/2002














Recent News







Tax-Free Income From Municipal Bond CEFs

                            
                            Seeking Alpha
                        
10/14/2015






'Heads Up' Closed End Fund Muni Investors

                            
                            Seeking Alpha
                        
3/14/2012
























AdChoices

















AdChoices




















Markets











DOW

DOW



▼

21,784.98


-11.57
-0.05%













Last updated time
7/28/2017 10:40 AM EDT







Markets





NASDAQ

NASDAQ



▼

6,352.50




-29.68
-0.47%










FTSE 100

FTSE 100



▼

7,362.71




-80.30
-1.08%










NYSE Composite

NYSE Composite



▼

11,934.40




-28.83
-0.24%



















AdChoices
















                Feedback
            







Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 











 













EIV Capital Closes $450 Million Midstream Energy Private Equity Fund - Oil & Gas 360
































































EnerCom, Inc.
The Oil & Gas Conference
EnerCom Dallas
Sponsors



 



Advertise on 360




Email Subscription













































  






Home
Industry News
360 Profiles
Event Calendar
Press Releases
Video



















EIV Capital Closes $450 Million Midstream Energy Private Equity Fund


				in Press     			by— 360 Feed Wire 




Share 
Print 
















 February 1, 2017 - 9:02 AM EST






























close




Email this News Article



Your Name



Your Email



Friend's Name



Friend's Email



Receive Copy:

yes               
				













EIV Capital Closes $450 Million Midstream Energy Private Equity FundThird Fund Exceeds $350 Million Target
HOUSTON, TX--(Marketwired - Feb 1, 2017) -  EIV Capital, LLC ("EIV Capital"), an energy-focused private equity firm, announced today the final closing of its third fund, EIV Capital Fund III, LP and its affiliates ("Fund III"), at its hard cap of $450 million, surpassing its original $350 million target. Fund III will continue to pursue the same investment strategy as prior funds by making growth equity investments primarily in the midstream energy sector and opportunistically in other parts of the energy value chain.
EIV Capital launched its institutional fundraise for Fund III in August 2016 and completed fundraising activities in early December 2016, attracting a diverse base of investors that further supports EIV Capital's focus on growth equity investments in the lower middle market energy sector. EIV Capital will continue to utilize and execute on its successful approach of partnering with entrepreneurial management teams and operating companies in less efficient and undercapitalized markets. Fund III will primarily focus on growth midstream infrastructure projects, including gathering, processing, distribution, storage and marketing of oil, natural gas and refined products. In addition to its midstream focus, Fund III will seek to partner with proven entrepreneurs in related segments of the energy value chain.
"The strong performance of our prior two funds and the continued support from our existing limited partners provided EIV with momentum toward this successful fundraise," noted Patti Melcher, Managing Partner of EIV Capital. "We are grateful for our existing partners' support and welcome our new investors to EIV. We believe the energy industry will continue to provide attractive investment opportunities and that EIV is well positioned to leverage its operating, commercial and financial expertise to identify these opportunities and be the partner of choice for experienced management teams and strong operating businesses."
Champlain Advisors, LLC served as the exclusive placement agent for Fund III.
About EIV Capital
Founded in 2009, EIV Capital is a Houston, Texas-based private equity firm specializing in providing growth equity to the North American energy industry, managing approximately $800 million in equity commitments across its funds and affiliates. EIV Capital focuses on midstream and related service businesses with an emphasis on energy infrastructure and businesses involved in the processing, transportation, storage, or conversion of oil, natural gas and refined products. The firm's management has extensive experience leading and investing in successful companies across the energy value chain. For more information, visit www.eivcapital.com.
About Champlain Advisors, LLC
Founded in 2003, Champlain Advisors, LLC is an SEC registered Broker/Dealer and FINRA/SIPC member firm that provides global fund placement, advisory and investor relations services to alternative investment managers. Please visit www.champlainadvisors.com for additional information.
This news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the company's plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events, future bookings, acquisitions, business trends, executive compensation, and other information that is not historical information. Actual results, performance, or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements, which may be made to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.



Media Contact:
Kim Worchesik 
[email protected]






Source: Marketwired (Canada)
				(February 1, 2017 - 9:02 AM EST) 

				News by QuoteMedia
www.quotemedia.com




















  

Press Releases by CategoryGovernance
Earnings
Webcasts / Conference Calls
Finance
360 Articles by CategoryAnalysis
Arctic
Canada
Discoveries
Earnings
Finance
Fracing
International
M & A
Midstream
MLPs
Offshore
OIlfield Services
OPEC
Politics & Unrest
Regulatory
360 Profiles Blackbird Energy Core Laboratories International Frontier Resources Manitok Energy Nighthawk Energy PDC Energy PetroQuest Energy Range Resources Samson Oil & Gas Tamarack Valley Energy Whiting Petroleum WPX Energy Yuma Energy 
 
Chart of the Week

 

Effective Rig Count Breaks 2,000 for First Time in June

July 18, 2017
—
Comments are Disabled

Permian EERC pushes to 1,135 EnerCom released its monthly EnerCom Effective Rig Count today. The Effective Rig Count now reports an equivalent 2,015 rigs active in the U.S., up from 1954 last month. The Effective Rig Count adjusts reported rig counts for increasing efficiency in drilling and completions. There are significantly fewer rigs active in the U.S. today than in[Read More…]








 




 



Industry Calendar 
 

Contact Oil & Gas 360® c/o EnerCom, Inc.
800 18th Street
Suite 200
Denver, CO 80202

Bevo Beaven
Editor
303-296-8834
 

Advertise on OAG360 OAG360 has multiple advertising opportunities.  Reach your investors/buyers by advertising on the website, eMail campaigns, webcasts and videos. 


Learn More
 

Twitter 
 

 

 
 


		
				Copyright © 2017 — Oil & Gas 360®. All Rights Reserved. 
				 About 360 | Advertise | Subscribe | Contact | From the Experts at EnerCom, Inc.












EIV Capital Closes $450 Million Midstream Energy Private Equity FundHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 19 minsS&P 5002,465.38-10.04 (-0.41%)Dow 3021,790.98-5.57 (-0.03%)Nasdaq6,354.49-27.70 (-0.43%)EIV Capital Closes $450 Million Midstream Energy Private Equity FundMarketwiredFebruary 1, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareHOUSTON, TX--(Marketwired - Feb 1, 2017) - EIV Capital, LLC ("EIV Capital"), an energy-focused private equity firm, announced today the final closing of its third fund, EIV Capital Fund III, LP and its affiliates ("Fund III"), at its hard cap of $450 million, surpassing its original $350 million target. Fund III will continue to pursue the same investment strategy as prior funds by making growth equity investments primarily in the midstream energy sector and opportunistically in other parts of the energy value chain.EIV Capital launched its institutional fundraise for Fund III in August 2016 and completed fundraising activities in early December 2016, attracting a diverse base of investors that further supports EIV Capital's focus on growth equity investments in the lower middle market energy sector. EIV Capital will continue to utilize and execute on its successful approach of partnering with entrepreneurial management teams and operating companies in less efficient and undercapitalized markets. Fund III will primarily focus on growth midstream infrastructure projects, including gathering, processing, distribution, storage and marketing of oil, natural gas and refined products. In addition to its midstream focus, Fund III will seek to partner with proven entrepreneurs in related segments of the energy value chain."The strong performance of our prior two funds and the continued support from our existing limited partners provided EIV with momentum toward this successful fundraise," noted Patti Melcher, Managing Partner of EIV Capital. "We are grateful for our existing partners' support and welcome our new investors to EIV. We believe the energy industry will continue to provide attractive investment opportunities and that EIV is well positioned to leverage its operating, commercial and financial expertise to identify these opportunities and be the partner of choice for experienced management teams and strong operating businesses."Champlain Advisors, LLC served as the exclusive placement agent for Fund III.About EIV Capital Founded in 2009, EIV Capital is a Houston, Texas-based private equity firm specializing in providing growth equity to the North American energy industry, managing approximately $800 million in equity commitments across its funds and affiliates. EIV Capital focuses on midstream and related service businesses with an emphasis on energy infrastructure and businesses involved in the processing, transportation, storage, or conversion of oil, natural gas and refined products. The firm's management has extensive experience leading and investing in successful companies across the energy value chain. For more information, visit www.eivcapital.com.About Champlain Advisors, LLC Founded in 2003, Champlain Advisors, LLC is an SEC registered Broker/Dealer and FINRA/SIPC member firm that provides global fund placement, advisory and investor relations services to alternative investment managers. Please visit www.champlainadvisors.com for additional information.This news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the company's plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events, future bookings, acquisitions, business trends, executive compensation, and other information that is not historical information. Actual results, performance, or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements, which may be made to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextNine Inch Nails Frontman Trent Reznor Thinks Ashton Kutcher Is an ‘A--hole’ and Trump Is a ‘Vulgarian’Us WeeklyEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredChip and Joanna Gaines Are Worth How Much?!Yahoo ViewApollo raises $24.6 billion for largest private equity fund everReutersCapturing Capital MarketsBloombergZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredMessaging Wunderkind Slack Is Flush With New MoneyFortuneTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredU.S. economic growth picks up in second quarter, wages continue to lagReutersTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance Video9 ways to break free from your credit card debtYahoo Finance"Women Need To Carry This Device With Them"Siren SongSponsoredWall Street opens lower as Amazon weighs on tech stocksReutersMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderTrump Rages at Republicans as John McCain Kills Obamacare Repeal BillSuzy Q: Trump PROMISED he had a healthcare bill that would lower costs, expand coverage, and offer more choices. Where is HIS bill? Time to put up or shut up.Join the Conversation1 / 5240








