
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017



The world's most-recognized team styles... - EA - Electronic Arts | Facebook


FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?Sign Up   English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017































Electronic Arts Inc facts, information, pictures | Encyclopedia.com articles about Electronic Arts Inc
























      Skip to main content
    
















Search












Research categories





Research categories


Earth and Environment


History


Literature and the Arts


Medicine


People


Philosophy and Religion


Places


Plants and Animals


Science and Technology


Social Sciences and the Law


Sports and Everyday Life


Additional References
































Home

Social Sciences and the Law

Economics, Business, and Labor

Businesses and Occupations

					
                      Electronic Arts Inc
        						
					
    	





Select Source:























Print this article
Print all entries for this topic
Cite this article



        Tools 



Electronic Arts Inc.
International Directory of Company Histories, Volume 85 
COPYRIGHT 2007 Thomson Gale





Electronic Arts Inc.

209 Redwood Shores ParkwayRedwood City, California 94065U.S.A.Telephone: (650) 628-1500Fax: (650) 628-1422Web site: http://www.ea.com 
Public Company Incorporated: 1982 as Electronic ArtsEmployees: 7,200Sales: $2.95 billion (2006)Stock Exchanges: NASDAQTicker Symbol: ERTSNAIC: 511210 Software Publishers
Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) remains a global leader in the highly cyclical and competitive game industry, developing and publishing software for an ever changing stream of systems and devices. The company's sports games have been perennial favorites. Games based on Hollywood blockbusters also have contributed to EA's success during the fourth quarter, historically the peak period of sales for the sector. The top U.S. video game publisher is pursuing an increased presence in the Asia-Pacific region and Japan, in online gaming, and in mobile cell phone games.
WINNING COMPUTER GAMES
Electronic Arts was founded in 1982 by three former managers of Apple Computer: William M. (Trip) Hawkins III, who was a marketing director at Apple and at age 26 became head of the new enterprise; William Bingham (Bing) Gordon, who became the company's director of marketing; and Tom Mott. Both Hawkins and Gordon earned M.B.A.s from Stanford University. The decision was made to form a company that specialized in developing and marketing software games for home computers at a dinner with four other friends at Hawkins's home. EA started with a team of 11 people and $5 million in capital from private investors.
EA was flexible from the beginning, developing its software for whatever computer hardware was most popular at the time, usually then producing multiple versions of programs to run on different systems. EA's first product, shipped in May 1983, was a software game for the Atari 800 game player, but shortly thereafter the market shifted to the Commodore system. EA readjusted quickly, and in October 1983 it shipped six more games for the Commodore 64 computer. In 1984 its "Skyfox" computer game, designed for the Apple II computer, became a bestseller. Two years later EA began producing games for the new Commodore Amiga, which turned out to be a very popular computer. By 1990 EA was investing an additional 50 percent of each product's development costs to retool the software so that it could run on a different hardware system.
Games software in the early 1980s was still a very new industry, as personal computers were not yet widespread. Thus, EA took a fresh approach to designing software, modeling the development and production more on the entertainment industry than on the software industry. Instead of hiring computer programmers, EA hired software graphic arts designers and project managers it called producers. Ideas for new computer games often came from freelancers, who proposed game scenarios just as independent scriptwriters submit their scripts to Hollywood studios. If an idea was approved by an in-house committee, the project was assigned to a "producer." Later, more of the ideas were developed in-house, but EA continued to consider its software developers artists.
Like movie studios, EA produced many games to increase the chance of a success. Since 1984 EA had acquired marketing rights to software packages developed by smaller outside companies through its Affiliated Labels program. EA even began contracting celebrities, especially sports stars, whose names and images were added to the software. These have included football star John Madden, basketball players Michael Jordan and Larry Bird, and chess champion Garry Kasparov. NASA's Chuck Yeager was involved in the development of a flight simulation game.
Unlike many of its competitors, who use third-party distributors, EA took the strategic approach of establishing its own sales force. EA's salespeople sold directly to such retailers as Egghead Inc., Toys 'R' Us, Wal-Mart, and Target. In addition to permitting better control over sales and inventory, use of the sales forces helped EA keep better track of consumer trends.
Early on EA began selling its software overseas. In 1986 $1.5 million of its $30 million in revenues were from international sales. In 1987 EA established a manufacturing facility, which later became part of what was known as EA Europe, in Langley, England. EA President and CEO Hawkins had begun to spend more time exploring strategic growth plans, particularly international expansion, and in 1987 much of the day-to-day administration of the company was turned over to his newly hired senior vice-president, Kenneth Zerbe. EA went public in September 1989 with a market capitalization of about $84 million. Sales that year were $63.5 million, and net income had shot up from $1.3 million in 1988 to $4 million in 1989.


Having developed its software to run on a variety of computers, by 1986 EA had become the leading supplier of entertainment software in the United States, but this market was limited. In the late 1980s video game cartridges, which ran on special players connected to television sets, were proving to be a more lucrative industry because most consumers had television sets but not computers at home. In 1989 the video game market was estimated at $3.4 billion in sales, as compared to $250 million for floppy disk computer games. It also comprised mostly children and teenagers, rather than the young adults who used computers. This market was dominated by the Japanese company Nintendo, with its own and compatible cartridges accounting for 80 percent of 1989 U.S. video game sales. Although EA had begun producing software for some cartridge game companies, it did not develop games for Nintendo's systems. EA was unwilling to abide by Nintendo's conditions, which would have involved agreeing not to provide the same games to Nintendo's competitors, such as Sega.
CASHING IN ON VIDEO GAMES
EA made its major move into the video game market by gambling on an unreleased game player from Sega. EA did not merely revise, but designed entirely new games for Sega's Genesis machine, which in 1989 was the first 16-bit video game player available to the U.S. market. The 16-bit players were almost twice as fast as the existing 8-bit machines. For the Genesis player, EA worked on eight to ten projects, each costing about $250,000, for a total product development investment of $2 million to $2.5 million. EA shipped its first games for Sega's Genesis in June 1990, although sales of the machines did not really take off until 1991. Nevertheless, a quarter of EA's 1990 sales were from games for Genesis. The success of the Genesis, in fact, was partly due to the great popularity of EA's sports games. EA was soon producing about 35 percent of the games that could run on Sega's Genesis, allowing EA to get a jump on the software competition in developing games for 16-bit machines.
The success of Genesis spurred ever higher sales for EA. EA's net revenue increased 54.8 percent from $113 million in fiscal year 1991 to $175 million in 1992, largely due to a 215 percent increase in sales of cartridge games for the Sega Genesis, which totaled $77 million in fiscal 1992. The following year, EA's total net revenues were up another 70.4 percent to $298 million, with sales of Sega games up 117 percent to $167 million.
COMPANY PERSPECTIVES

EA has been a leader in its field since the company was founded in 1982. Since its inception, EA has been a creative leader, and today, the company continues to innovate and improve interactive gaming.
It was also in 1990 that EA changed its position and began making games for Nintendo's 8-bit player for the first time. Nintendo did not introduce a 16-bit machine, the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (Super NES), to the United States until June 1991. At this time, however, Nintendo reversed its policy and began letting software developers revise games they sold to competitors to also run on Nintendo machines. Thus, EA suddenly had a broader market for the 16-bit games it had developed for Sega.
In December 1990 Lawrence Probst, who had joined the company as vice-president of sales in 1984, took over Hawkins's post as president. Six months later Probst also assumed the position of CEO, which had been held by Hawkins, who remained as chairman and leading shareholder. In 1991 EA, originally incorporated in California, was reincorporated in Delaware and became Electronic Arts Inc.
EA quickly established itself as the leading independent developer of video games for 16-bit players. In fiscal 1992, EA's sales of software for video game cartridges overtook its sales of software on floppy disks for personal computers for the first time. The following year 56 percent of EA's worldwide revenues were from Sega format games, while 18 percent was from Super NES games.
EA capitalized on its leadership in sports games by introducing the EA SPORTS brand name in 1991. Over the years, EA had purchased licenses for team and league names and logos from the National Basketball Association, the Professional Golf Association, the National Hockey League, the National Hockey League Players Association, and the Major League Baseball Players Association. Some of EA's most popular games were "John Madden Football," "NHLPA Hockey," "Bulls vs. Blazers and the NBA Playoffs," "Lakers vs. Celtics and the NBA Playoffs," and "PGA Tour."
In the early 1990s EA took great strides toward further international expansion. In 1991 EA acquired Vancouver, Canada-based Distinctive Software Inc. and renamed the subsidiary Electronic Arts Canada Inc. This acquisition doubled the company's games developers to about 115 people. In September 1992 EA formed a joint venture with Japan's Victor Musical Industries Inc. The Tokyo-based company, called Electronic Arts Victor Inc., translated and distributed EA's games for the Japanese market and several other Asian countries. During the year following the establishment of EA Victor, EA's sales in Japan increased 140 percent. EA also established a manufacturing facility in Puerto Rico in 1992. Meanwhile, EA Europe had expanded its activities beyond manufacturing to include the translation of EA titles into up to seven languages and their distribution in 31 European and Mediterranean countries. EA Europe also developed original software games itself, and European sales doubled in both 1992 and 1993 before declining in fiscal 1994. International sales accounted for about one-third of EA's revenues in 1993.


In 1992 EA acquired Origin Systems Inc., a leading computer games developer based in Austin, Texas, with net revenues of $121 million. Origin was best known for its Ultima series of fantasy role-playing games in personal computer diskette and CD-ROM formats. These story games complemented EA's offerings in action, flying and driving simulation, and strategy games. EA subsequently diversified into educational games software for children, a category also known as "edutainment." In December 1992 the EA*Kids brand and division was launched to provide software for children aged three to 14. Learning games introduced in 1993 included "Ping and Kooky's Cuckoo Zoo," "Eagle Eye Mysteries," "Peter Pan: A Story Painting Adventure," and "Scooter's Magic Castle." EA*Kids had also created versions of its software for schools. In April of the following year, EA signed an exclusive long-term licensing agreement with the Children's Television Workshop to produce interactive multimedia software featuring the Sesame Street characters. A 1994 plan to merge with Broderbund Software, which was later canceled, would have further expanded EA's involvement in the edutainment field. Part of the reason for EA's move into educational software was the aging of the company, whose employees were having children themselves.
KEY DATES


1982:  Three former Apple Computer managers establish personal computers game business.
1987:  Company establishes manufacturing facility in England.
1989:  Electronic Arts goes public.
1991:  First major success occurs in the video game player market.
1992:  Video game cartridges surpass floppy disk sales during fiscal year.
1993:  International sales represent about one-third of revenues.
2004:  Company enters mobile cell phone game market.

Although EA had usually stayed out of developing hardware for running software games, it did introduce an innovative device in 1993 called a "Four-Way Play Adapter." It was the first device on the market that allowed up to four players, rather than just two, to simultaneously play a competitive game on a Sega Genesis game system. EA also devised special performance-enhancing computer chips inside game cartridges.
An even more significant foray into hardware development was EA's leading role in establishing a joint-venture technology company, 3DO Inc. 3DO was set up to license technology to hardware developers for a next generation of video game players, the 3DO Interactive Multiplayer, which had a 32-bit RISC microprocessor and a double-speed CD-ROM drive. EA was the largest of the original shareholders of 3DO, with approximately a 20 percent share. Other participants included Time Warner Inc.'s Time Warner Enterprises unit, Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd., MCA, AT&T, and two venture capital firms. EA helped develop 3DO's system software, and Hawkins, who was the driving force behind the venture, became CEO of the new company, while remaining chairman of EA. The 3DO Interactive Multiplayer permitted quality of sound and graphics that was unmatched for video games played on a television set. In 1993 EA was one of the first companies to introduce games for the 3DO format, which it hoped would become the new standard for video games.
In addition to the 3DO CD player, EA began developing more products for the PC and Macintosh CD-ROM formats. Its first CD-ROM games were introduced in 1992. With the emerging base of computers with CD-ROM drives in homes, CD-ROM software was expected to be the fastest growing category in the mid-1990s.
As equipment became more advanced, EA pursued its Hollywood model of entertainment software publishing even further, developing more sophisticated software. In the fall of 1993 EA formed its Advanced Entertainment Group, which brought together animators, musicians, photographers, writers, and filmmakers. Through this venture, live actors were filmed in Hollywood sound stages, and the videotaped performances digitized and integrated into the software. EA also began joint projects with Colossal Pictures, creators of the MTV show Liquid Television. Advanced Entertainment Group Senior Vice-President Stewart Bonn explained in a company brochure: "We want to create a place where artists and craftsmen from various disciplines are inspired to gather and collaborate on exciting new forms and images." The resulting multimedia software combined CD-quality digitized stereo sound, full-motion video, and 3D-modeled animation. The more creative and realistic software helped extend EA's video game market beyond children and teenagers to adults.
To create these highly sophisticated games, EA increased its already deep investment in research and development. In 1994 the company was investing 14 percent of its revenues in research and development, up from around 12 percent the previous two years. EA's innovative development techniques included its Artist Work Station, a computerized means of efficiently designing software and adapting it for multiple platforms. EA also came up with new ways to merge computer animation and live-action video. In 1993 the company formed a special group to oversee software development for the 32-bit hardware format, involving both the creation of entirely new games and the extensive redesign of existing games. Each new game for the 32-bit machine cost over $1 million to develop. Even if the 3DO were not to become the standard, the 32-bit system was expected to be the next trend, as Sega and Nintendo began developing 32-bit game players. Always looking toward the future, EA had other plans in the works, including interactive movies, travel-based entertainment, and access to its software through interactive cable television.
Although, Electronic Arts Inc., by the mid-1990s, ranked among the world's leading publishers of video and computer games software, it remained less well known than video game companies Sega, Nintendo, and Atari which manufactured video game players but produced games only for their proprietary equipment. Electronic Arts continued to focus primarily on software for various manufacturers' computers, video game consoles, or CD-ROM players. The strategy resulted in rapid growth in the expanding world market, with earnings increasing 60 percent annually between 1989 and 1994.
A ROLLER COASTER RIDE
The video game industry hit a two-year slump midway through the final decade of the century. Software companies' transition to more powerful systems was rocky. Limited shelf space for games drove industry consolidation. As 1996 drew to a close, EA, Activision, and Midway Games were the players left most strongly positioned to take advantage of a market resurgence, according to Fortune. 
Electronic Arts, the top sports titles seller, brought in $532 million in revenue, for the 1996 fiscal year which ended in March, earning profits of $41 million. Stock traded at a premium to its peer group. To keep ahead of the pack, EA had to continue to produce winning titles on the right platform for the times, as evidenced by the path of 3DO. The EA offshoot failed to find a market for its $700 Multiplayer and ultimately sold the technology.


Electronic Arts, meanwhile, stayed the course. The company invested 18 months and millions of dollars to develop interactive games for Sony PlayStation 2, which became the hottest toy of the 2000 holiday season. Electronic Arts outpaced rival developers, readying six titles for the PS2 launch and three more by the end of the year, according to Fortune. However, the PS2 consoles were hard to come by, depressing EA stock after an initial upsurge. The next generation gaming system offered improved graphics, a port for a dial-up modem or high-speed Internet connection, and the capacity to run a DVD. Electronic Arts planned titles for Microsoft's Xbox and Nintendo's GameCube systems in the pipeline. Industry prognosticators envisioned strong growth for both hardware and software sales over the next two years.
Electronic Arts acquired Pogo.com in 2001. The deal for the casino and parlor card game site, estimated at $50 million, broadened EA's online market beyond its combat role-playing fan base. The software maker's own web site, launched in October 2000, had quickly become the most popular among its peer group, according to Knight-Ridder/Tribune Business News in March 2001. Runner-up Sierra.com was far outstripped in terms of number of players and time spent at the site.
The perspective of many consumers, however, shifted dramatically following the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on the United States. Violent games looked less appealing to some. Others saw a downturn in disposable income during the subsequent downturn in the economy.
Nonetheless EA's fourth quarter revenue managed to thump analyst forecasts for fiscal 2002, according to Game Developer. Yet all was not rosy for EA. The online division struggled: employees received pink slips, the costly MAJESTIC offering scuttled, and red it flowed. Meanwhile rival Activision was on track to join EA's exclusive club of $1 billion software game publishers.
Another move proved more favorable than the online endeavor. Back in 1999, when EA chose to focus on creating games for PlayStation 2 forgoing the hot Dreamcast console, the company drew its share of barbs. Yet in 2003, Forbes called the move a smart one. "There are now 42 million PlayStation 2s in homes worldwide; Sega pulled the plug on Dreamcast after selling 4.5 million consoles in 17 months. In the past three years EA's stock has climbed 106 percent to an October high of $72," Dorothy Pomerantz reported in January 2003. Madden NFL remained a perennial bestseller and, for the 2002 holiday season, EA scored a hat trick with Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings, and James Bond games.
Ironically, Hollywood box-office receipts fell short of U.S. sales of game hardware, software, and accessories in 2002. Software sales alone rose 21 percent, according to Business Week Online in March 2003, and EA was a beneficiary of the surge, posting strong revenue and earnings gains.
Still, the online woes continued. Electronic Arts' moneymaker The Sims, launched online in mid-December 2002, failed to produce expected results. Continuing EA.com shortfalls prompted Electronic Arts to consolidate its results beginning in April 2003. EA as a whole kept rolling along. Anticipation of another strong holiday showing drove EA stock to an all-time high in September, according to Business Week Online. 
Fiscal 2004 sales hit $2.95 billion. Electronic Arts held a 22 percent share of the North American game market, double the share of closest competitor Nintendo. Not even Microsoft, the world's largest software developer, could overtake EA when it came to its sports game prowess. FIFA Soccer, the best-selling game ever, and Madden football helped EA capture a 60 percent share of the sports game business, according to U.S. News & World Report. The Sims, moreover, ranked as the best-selling PC video game.
Thus, although the industry was entering a slow period in its business cycle, EA was expected to fare well, supported by the ongoing popularity of its titles. The industry's outlook itself appeared bright as younger age groups chose electronic games over television. Furthermore, as the first wave of gamers aged, many were predisposed to spend disposable income on new technology and games for their kids and themselves.
GLOBAL GAME HEATING UP


At the midpoint of the decade, EA continued to seek out avenues of growth. The European market, while well established, afforded possibilities. At the end of 2004, EA acquired nearly 20 percent of French game publisher Ubisoft, although the move was unwelcome. The Asian market, ripe with potential, presented a different kind of dilemma. EA titles were on the shelves in China, for example, but largely due to piracy. The company also held out hope for a significant revenue stream from online gaming, despite its earlier setback. In-game advertising and product placement also showed promise for the industry, which generated just one-sixth as much as television did through the technique. Moreover, EA had not released a game for mature audiences, a significant market segment, since 2000.
Meanwhile, 2005 presented challenges. The industry, waiting out another period of technological transition, also faced higher marketing costs, expensive licensing agreements, and stiff competition, according to a May Los Angeles Business Journal article. Publicly traded EA, Activision, and THQ all suffered downturns in share price. EA, specifically, was tied to game console agreements, which posed a potential financial hindrance as competitors moved into games for mobile phones and handheld devices.
As 2006 began, game publishers were preparing investors for less than stellar 2005 holiday season results, citing shortages of Xbox 360 as one cause for their problems. The New York Times offered another perspective on the industry's situation. Seth Schiesel wrote: "But the bigger picture for investors is that game publishers in the United States are still almost entirely in the same business they have been in for 20 years: selling new games at retail. As a result, the big publicly traded domestic publishers are not participating in any meaningful way in two of the hottest parts of the global video game industry: subscription-based online gaming and trade-ins of used games." European and Asian companies, conversely, had found success in the online sector. In addition, GameStop leveraged the secondary market of used game sales into increased profits and higher share value.
Electronic Arts moved to buy Jamdat Mobile in early 2006 for $680 million. Jamdat, holding 33 percent of the mobile game market, was the producer of winning title Tetris. While the Asian market was on fire, though, phone games had yet to fully engage the North American consumer. The game industry malaise continued through much of 2006. Even so, the industry, including Electronic Arts, hoped the cycle was on the verge of an upswing.
Heather Behn Hedden  
Updated, Kathleen Peippo  
PRINCIPAL COMPETITORS
Activision, Inc.; Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc.; Vivendi Games.
FURTHER READING
Berry, Kate, "Video Game Makers Find That Hollywood Can Be Tough Town," Los Angeles Business Journal, May 16, 2005, pp. 1+.
Black, Jane, "Can Electronic Arts Keep on Clicking?" Business Week Online, September 10, 2003.


——, "EA Gets Its Game On," Business Week Online, March 24, 2003.
Bohner, Kate, "Trip Trips …," Forbes, September 23, 1996, p. 16.
Burstiner, Marcy, "Game Plan Pays Off; Software Maker Plays to Win in Competitive Field," San Francisco Business Times, May 21, 1993, p. 7A.
Carlsen, Clifford, "Electronic Arts Hires Zerbe, Looks to Future," San Francisco Business Times, July 27, 1987, p. 8.
Chakravarty, Subrata N., "The Best Job in the World?" Forbes, March 28, 1994, pp. 50–51.
Chmielewski, Dawn C., "Redwood City, Calif.-based Internet Gaming Company Buys Another Firm," Knight-Ridder/Tribune Business News, March 1, 2001.
Cohen, David S., "Jamdat Buy Gets EA into Game," Variety, February 13, 2006, p. B8.
Goldfisher, Alastair, "Electronic Arts Spinoff 3DO Finds New Legs in Video Game Software," Business Journal, August 24, 1998, pp. 3+.
Grant, Linda, "Plugging in to a New Game Plan," U.S. News & World Report, April 25, 1994, p. 74.
Gunderson, Amy, "A Play on PlayStation: Electronic Arts," Fortune, January 8, 2001, pp. 173+.
Huebner, Daniel, "EA Activision Report Surging Fourth-Quarter Revenues," Game Developer, July 2002, p. 4.
"King of the Nerds," Economist, July 28, 1990, pp. 58–59.
"On Top of Its Games," Business Week, April 30, 2001, p. 139.
Pethokoukis, James M., "Is It Time to Say Game Over?" U.S. News & World Report, May 10, 2004, p. 50.
Pfanner, Eric, "French Video Game Makers Fear Their Grasp Is Slipping," New York Times, January 10, 2005, p. C5.
Pitta, Julie, "Electronic Smarts," Forbes, May 27, 1991, pp. 10–12.
——, "This Dog Is Having a Big Day," Forbes, January 22, 1990, pp. 106–7.
Pomerantz, Dorothy, "Top of Their Game," Forbes, January 6, 2003, p. 131.
Richtel, Matt, "Despite Loss, Electronic Arts Predicts Upturn," New York Times, August 2, 2006, p. C8.
——, "Video Game Makers Are Battling Sinking Stock Prices," New York Times, June 19, 2006, p. C1.
Schiesel, Seth, "A Bright Spot in the Dim Video Game Picture," New York Times, February 2, 2006, p. C8.
Schonfeld, Erick, "Robots on the Rise: Videogame Rivals Are in the Midst of a Shootout," Fortune, December 9, 1996, p. 274.
Shapiro, Eben, "Jury Still Out on Video Games: Electronic Arts' Prospects Studied," San Jose Mercury News, June 24, 1991, p. 11E.
Wilson, Lizette, "Gaming Giant EA Gambles Online," San Francisco Times, October 19, 2001, p. 15.







Cite this article 

Pick a style below, and copy the text for your bibliography.
            





                        MLA
                    



                        Chicago



                        APA
                    





                        
                        "Electronic Arts Inc.."
                        
                            International Directory of Company Histories, Volume 85.
                        .
                        
                        Encyclopedia.com.
                        28 Jul. 2017
                        <http://www.encyclopedia.com>.
                    



                        
                        "Electronic Arts Inc.." 
                            International Directory of Company Histories, Volume 85.
                        
                        . Encyclopedia.com.
                        (July 28, 2017). 
                            http://www.encyclopedia.com/reference/dictionaries-thesauruses-pictures-and-press-releases/electronic-arts-inc




                        
                        "Electronic Arts Inc.." 
                            International Directory of Company Histories, Volume 85.
                        
                        . Retrieved
                        July 28, 2017
                        from Encyclopedia.com: 
                            http://www.encyclopedia.com/reference/dictionaries-thesauruses-pictures-and-press-releases/electronic-arts-inc







Learn more about citation styles 










Print this article
Print all entries for this topic
Cite this article



        Tools 



Electronic Arts Inc.
International Directory of Company Histories 
COPYRIGHT 2006 Thomson Gale





Electronic Arts Inc.
1450 Fashion Island Blvd.San Mateo, CA 94404U.S.A.(415) 571-7171Fax: (415) 571-6375
Public Company Incorporated: 1982 as Electronic ArtsEmployees: 1,065Sales: $418.29 millionStock Exchanges: NASDAQSICs: 7372 Prepackaged Software
Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) is one of the world’s leading publishers of video and computer games software. Better known video game companies, including Sega, Nintendo, and Atari, manufacture video game players but produce games only for their proprietary equipment. Electronic Arts, on the other hand, produces software for various manufacturers’ hardware, whether computers, video game consoles, or CD-ROM players, and EA has specialized in just software. EA has experienced rapid growth in a swiftly expanding world market, with earnings increasing 60 percent annually between 1989 and 1994.
Electronic Arts was founded in 1982 by three former managers of Apple Computer: William M. (Trip) Hawkins III, who was a marketing director at Apple and at age 26 became head of the new enterprise; William Bingham (Bing) Gordon, who became the company’s director of marketing; and Tom Mott. Both Hawkins and Gordon earned MBAs from Stanford University. The decision was made to form a company that specialized in developing and marketing software games for home computers at a dinner with four other friends at Hawkins’s home. EA started with a team of 11 people and $5 million in capital from private investors.
EA was flexible from the beginning, developing its software for whatever computer hardware was most popular at the time, usually then producing multiple versions of programs to run on different systems. EA’s first product, shipped in May of 1983, was a software game for the Atari 800 game player, but shortly thereafter the market shifted to the Commodore system. EA readjusted quickly, and in October 1983 it shipped six more games for the Commodore 64 computer. In 1984 its “Skyfox” computer game, designed for the Apple II computer, became a best-seller. Two years later EA began producing games for the new Commodore Amiga, which turned out to be a very popular computer. By 1990 EA was investing an additional 50 percent of each product’s development costs to retool the software so that it could run on a different hardware system.
Games software in the early 1980s was still a very new industry, as personal computers were not yet widespread. Thus, EA took a fresh approach to designing software, modeling the development and production more on the entertainment industry than on the software industry. Instead of hiring computer programmers, EA hired software graphic arts designers and project managers it called producers. Ideas for new computer games often came from freelancers, who proposed game scenarios just as independent scriptwriters submit their scripts to Hollywood studios. If an idea was approved by an in-house committee, the project was assigned to a “producer.” Later, more of the ideas were developed in-house, but EA continued to consider its software developers artists.
Like movie studios, EA produces many games to increase the chance of a success. Since 1984 EA has also acquired marketing rights to software packages developed by smaller outside companies through its Affiliated Labels program. EA even began contracting celebrities, especially sports stars, whose names and images were added to the software. These have included football star John Madden, basketball players Michael Jordan and Larry Bird, and chess champion Garry Kasparov. NASA’s Chuck Yaeger was involved in the development of a flight simulation game.
Unlike many of its competitors, who use third-party distributors, EA took the strategic approach of establishing its own sales force. EA’s salespeople sell directly to such retailers as Egghead Inc., Toys “R” Us, Wal-Mart and Target. In addition to permitting better control over sales and inventory, use of the sales forces has also helped EA keep better track of consumer trends.
Early on EA began selling its software overseas. In 1986 $1.5 million of its $30 million in revenues were from international sales. In 1987 EA established a manufacturing facility— which became part of what is known as EA Europe—in Langley, England. EA President and CEO Hawkins had begun to spend more time exploring strategic growth plans, particularly international expansion, and in 1987 much of the day-to-day administration of the company was turned over to his newly-hired senior vice president, Kenneth Zerbe. EA went public in September of 1989 with a market capitalization of about $84 million. Sales that year were $63.5 million, and net income had shot up from $1.3 million in 1988 to $4 million in 1989.


Having developed its software to run on a variety of computers, by 1986 EA had become the leading supplier of entertainment software in the United States, but this market was limited. In the late 1980s video game cartridges, which run on special players connected to television sets, were proving to be a more lucrative industry because most consumers had television sets but not computers at home. In 1989 the video game market was estimated at $3.4 billion in sales, as compared to $250 million for floppy disk computer games. It also comprised mostly children and teenagers, rather than the young adults who used computers. 
This market was dominated by the Japanese company Nintendo, with its own and compatible cartridges accounting for 80 percent of 1989 U.S. video game sales. Although EA had begun producing software for some cartridge game companies, it did not develop games for Nintendo’s systems. EA was unwilling to abide by Nintendo’s conditions, which would have involved agreeing not to provide the same games to Nintendo’s competitors, such as Sega.
EA made its major move into the video game market by gambling on an unreleased game player from Sega. EA did not merely revise, but designed entirely new games for Sega’s Genesis machine, which in 1989 was the first 16-bit video game player available to the U.S. market. The 16-bit players were almost twice as fast as the existing 8-bit machines. For the Genesis player, EA worked on eight to ten projects, each costing about $250,000, for a total product development investment of $2 million to $2.5 million. EA shipped its first games for Sega’s Genesis in June of 1990, although sales of the machines did not really take off until 1991. Nevertheless, a quarter of EA’s 1990 sales were from games for Genesis. The success of the Genesis, in fact, was partly due to the great popularity EA’s sports games. EA was soon producing about 35 percent of the games that could run on Sega’s Genesis, allowing EA to get a jump on the software competition in developing games for 16-bit machines.
The successes of Genesis spurred ever higher sales for EA. EA’s net revenue increased 54.8 percent from $113 million in fiscal year 1991 to $175 million in 1992, largely due to a 215 percent increase in sales of cartridge games for the Sega Genesis, which totaled $77 million in fiscal year 1992. The following year, EA’s total net revenues were up another 70.4 percent to $298 million, with sales of Sega games up 117 percent to $167 million.
It was also in 1990 that EA changed its position and began making games for Nintendo’s 8-bit player for the first time. Nintendo did not introduce a 16-bit machine, the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (Super NES), to the United States until June of 1991. At this time, however, Nintendo reversed its policy and began letting software developers revise games they sold to competitors to also run on Nintendo machines. Thus, EA suddenly had a broader market for the 16-bit games it had developed for Sega.
In December of 1990 Lawrence Probst, who had joined the company as vice president of sales in 1984, took over Hawkins’s post as president. Six months later Probst also assumed the position of CEO, which had been held by Hawkins, who remained as chairman and leading shareholder. In 1991 EA, originally incorporated in California, was reincorporated in Delaware and became Electronic Arts Inc.
EA quickly established itself as the leading independent developer of video games for 16-bit players. In fiscal year 1992, EA’s sales of software for video game cartridges overtook its sales of software on floppy disks for personal computers for the first time. The following year 56 percent of EA’s worldwide revenues were from Sega format games, while 18 percent was from Super NES games.
EA capitalized on its leadership in sports games by introducing the EA SPORTS brand name in 1991. Over the years, EA had purchased licenses for team and league names and logos from the National Basketball Association, the Professional Golf Association, the National Hockey League, the National Hockey League Players Association, and the Major League Baseball Players Association. Some of EA’s most popular games were “John Madden Football,” “NHLPA Hockey,” “Bulls vs. Blazers and the NBA Playoffs,” “Lakers vs. Celtics and the NBA Playoffs,” and “PGA Tour.”
In the early 1990s EA took great strides towards further international expansion. In 1991 EA acquired Vancouver, Canada-based Distinctive Software Inc. and renamed the subsidiary Electronic Arts Canada Inc. This acquisition doubled the company’s games developers to about 115 people. In September of 1992 EA formed a joint venture with Japan’s Victor Musical Industries Inc. The Tokyo-based company, called Electronic Arts Victor Inc., translated and distributed EA’s games for the Japanese market and several other Asian countries. During the year following the establishment of EA Victor, EA’s sales in Japan increased 140 percent. EA also established a manufacturing facility in Puerto Rico in 1992. Meanwhile, EA Europe had expanded its activities beyond manufacturing to include the translation of EA titles into up to seven languages and their distribution in 31 European and Mediterranean countries. EA Europe also developed original software games itself, and European sales doubled in both 1992 and 1993 before declining in fiscal 1994. International sales accounted for about one-third of EA’s revenues in 1993.
In 1992 EA acquired Origin Systems Inc., a leading computer games developer based in Austin, Texas, with net revenues of $121 million. Origin was best known for its Ultima series of fantasy role-playing games in personal computer diskette and CD-ROM formats. These story games complemented EA’s offerings in action, flying and driving simulation, and strategy games. EA subsequently diversified into educational games software for children, a category also known as “edutainment.” In December of 1992 the EA*Kids brand and division was launched to provide software for children aged 3 to 14. Learning games introduced in 1993 included “Ping and Kooky’s Cuckoo Zoo,” “Eagle Eye Mysteries,” “Peter Pan: A Story Painting Adventure,” and “Scooter’s Magic Castle.” EA*Kids has also created versions of its software for schools. In April of the following year EA signed an exclusive long-term licensing agreement with the Children’s Television Workshop to produce interactive multimedia software featuring the Sesame Street characters. A 1994 plan to merge with Broderbund Software, which was later cancelled, would have further expanded EA’s involvement in the edutainment field. Part of the reason for EA’s move into educational software was the aging of the company, whose employees were having children themselves.


Although EA has usually stayed out of developing hardware for running software games, it did introduce an innovative device in 1993 called a “Four-Way Play Adapter.” It was the first device on the market that allowed up to four players, rather than just two, to simultaneously play a competitive game on a Sega Genesis game system. EA has also devised special performance-enhancing computer chips inside game cartridges.
An even more significant contribution to hardware development was EA’s leading role in establishing a joint-venture technology company, 3DO Inc. 3DO was set up to license technology to hardware developers for the next generation of video game players, the 3DO Interactive Multiplayer, which has a 32-bit RISC microprocessor and a double-speed CD-ROM drive. EA was the largest of the original shareholders of 3DO, with approximately a 20 percent share. Other participants included Time Warner Inc.’s Time Warner Enterprises unit, Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd., MCA, AT&T, and two venture capital firms. EA helped develop 3DO’s system software, and Hawkins, who was the driving force behind venture, became CEO of the new company, while remaining chairman of EA. The 3DO Interactive Multiplayer permitted quality of sound and graphics that was unmatched for video games played on a television set. In 1993 EA was one of the first companies to introduce games for the 3DO format, which would hopefully become the new standard for video games.
In addition to the 3DO CD player, EA began developing more products for the PC and Macintosh CD-ROM formats. Its first CD-ROM games were introduced in 1992. With the emerging base of computers with CD-ROM drives in homes, CD-ROM software was expected to be the fastest growing category in the mid-1990s.
As equipment became more advanced, EA pursued its Hollywood model of entertainment software publishing even further, developing more sophisticated software. In the fall of 1993 EA formed its Advanced Entertainment Group, which brought together animators, musicians, photographers, writers, and film makers. Through this venture, live actors have been filmed in Hollywood sound stages, and the videotaped performances have been digitized and integrated into the software. EA also began joint projects with Colossal Pictures, creators of the MTV show Liquid Television. Advanced Entertainment Group Senior Vice President Stewart Bonn explained in a company brochure: “We want to create a place where artists and craftsmen from various disciplines are inspired to gather and collaborate on exciting new forms and images.” The resulting multimedia software combined CD-quality digitized stereo sound, full-motion video, and 3D-modeled animation. The more creative and realistic software helped extend EA’s video game market beyond children and teenagers to adults.
To create these highly sophisticated games, EA increased its already deep investment in research and development. In 1994 the company was investing 14 percent of its revenues in R&D, up from around 12 percent the previous two years. EA’s innovative development techniques have included its Artist Work Station, a computerized means of efficiently designing software and adapting it for multiple platforms. EA also came up with new ways to merge computer animation and live-action video. In 1993 the company formed a special group to oversee software development for the 32-bit hardware format, involving both the creation of entirely new games and the extensive redesign of existing games. Each new game for the 32-bit machine cost over $1 million to develop due to their complexity. Even if the 3DO were not to become the standard, the 32-bit system was expected to be the next trend, as Sega and Nintendo began developing 32-bit game players. Always looking toward the future, in the mid-1990s EA had other plans in the works, including interactive movies, travel-based entertainment, and access to its software through interactive cable television.
Principal Subsidiaries:
Origin Systems; Electronic Arts Puerto Rico Inc.; Electronic Arts Canada Inc.; Electronic Arts Ltd. (U.K.); Electronic Arts Pty. Ltd. (Australia); Electronic Arts GmbH (Germany); Electronic Arts S.A. (France); Electronic Arts Victor, Inc. (Japan; 65%).
Further Reading:
Burstiner, Marcy, “Game Plan Pays Off; Software Maker Plays to Win in Competitive Field,” San Francisco Business Times, May 21, 1993, p. 7A.
Carlsen, Clifford, “Electronic Arts Hires Zerbe, Looks to Future,” San Francisco Business Times, July 27, 1987, p. 8.
Chakravarty, Subrata N., “The Best Job in the World?” Forbes, March 28, 1994, pp. 50-51.
Grant, Linda, “Plugging in to a New Game Plan, “U.S. News & World Report, April 25, 1994, p. 74.
“King of the Nerds,” The Economist, July 28, 1990, pp. 58-59.
Pitta, Julie, “Electronic Smarts,” Forbes, May 27, 1991, pp. 10-12.
______, “‘This Dog is Having a Big Day,’” Forbes, January 22, 1990, pp. 106-107.
Shapiro, Eben, “Jury Still Out on Video Games: Electronic Arts’ Prospects Studied,” San Jose Mercury News, June 24, 1991, p. 11E.
—Heather Behn Hedden







Cite this article 

Pick a style below, and copy the text for your bibliography.
            





                        MLA
                    



                        Chicago



                        APA
                    





                        
                        "Electronic Arts Inc.."
                        
                            International Directory of Company Histories.
                        .
                        
                        Encyclopedia.com.
                        28 Jul. 2017
                        <http://www.encyclopedia.com>.
                    



                        
                        "Electronic Arts Inc.." 
                            International Directory of Company Histories.
                        
                        . Encyclopedia.com.
                        (July 28, 2017). 
                            http://www.encyclopedia.com/books/politics-and-business-magazines/electronic-arts-inc




                        
                        "Electronic Arts Inc.." 
                            International Directory of Company Histories.
                        
                        . Retrieved
                        July 28, 2017
                        from Encyclopedia.com: 
                            http://www.encyclopedia.com/books/politics-and-business-magazines/electronic-arts-inc







Learn more about citation styles 



















































































































Careers at Electronic Arts - Start your Job Search - An Official EA Site
























Connect your future to ours.
Inspire. Dream. Play.





    
        Find Your Career
    







At EA, we exist to Inspire the World to Play. We create amazing experiences for our players everywhere and we consider our players’ experiences first in everything we do.
Creating transformational experiences requires constant innovation and brilliant, passionate people. We are developing extraordinary new game experiences by bringing together great people that combine creativity, technology, and expertise to deliver new ways to play.
EA is driving the next revolution in games. Join us.


















Behind Closed Doors: Inside Star Wars™ Battlefront™ II Inferno Squad with Janina Gavankar
Electronic Arts Inc.
Jul 15, 2017




    
        Learn More
    





Concept to Completion: Nivelle Nights and Prise de Tahure
Electronic Arts Inc.
Jun 11, 2017




    
        Learn More
    





Behind Closed Doors: How EA Developers Work with the Battlefield 1 Community
Electronic Arts Inc.
Jun 10, 2017




    
        Learn More
    










Our Locations
 









Our Values





Creativity


Striving to bring imagination, original ideas, and excitement to everything we do.





 Pioneering


Acting with the curiosity and courage that it takes to experiment, innovate and lead.





Passion


We are at our best when we pursue what we love, and have fun doing it.





 Determination


Bringing focus, drive and conviction to our actions. Thriving on the journey, and being motivated to achieve excellence.





Teamwork


Committed to each other, and to the accountability and integrity it takes to be a successful global team.





Learning


Listening, having humility and being open to new ways of thinking. Challenging ourselves to grow and change as a company.














 
Equal Opportunities
EA is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status or veteran status. We will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal records in accordance with applicable law.
Learn More








 
Accessibility
EA has taken efforts to ensure that our on-line application system is accessible to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. Applicants with disabilities may contact us by sending an email to accessibility@ea.com for assistance accessing our careers.ea.com website. In your email, please including your name and preferred method of contact, and EA will respond as soon as possible.
Learn More







 
Inclusion Means Everybody

    
        Diversity & Inclusion
    




















Electronic Arts: Cautious Buy - Electronic Arts Inc. (NASDAQ:EA) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Electronic Arts: Cautious BuyJul.26.17 | About: Electronic Arts (EA) Alexander Kalashnikov Tech, gaming, internet, medium-term horizonLinkedIn Profile and CVSummaryEA has been showing signs of increasing efficiency in its business.DCF model and multiples analysis show that company may be undervalued.Company has a good plan about how to work with existing properties and new products.Market overview The global video game market generated $91 billion in 2016. It is expected to grow up to $128.5 billion by the end of 2020. It is also important to understand how the importance of different segments may change. For example, the share of “smartphone gaming” will grow from 27% of the market in 2016 to 34% of the market in 2019. Electronic Arts (EA) is one of the biggest companies on this market (based on market capitalization) with main competitors like Activision Blizzard (ATVI), Nintendo (OTCPK:NTDOY), Take-Two (TTWO), Konami (OTCPK:KNMCY), Ubisoft (UBI.PA) (OTCPK:UBSFY). Stock overview While the maximum value of the stock for the last 52 weeks was $116.04, current value is quite close with $112.22 for the stock at the time of the writing. The stock has been holding in the higher range (<$100 per share) since May 2017. Revenue growth Electronic Arts had one of the best revenue growth metrics among its competitors. There was a positive growth of 10.2%. Even though there are some exceptional results (like Activision Blizzard with 41.7% revenue growth and Square Enix with 17.9%), EA numbers are above Konami (-8%), Nintendo (-3.1%), and Ubisoft (4.7% growth). Net income change Net income growth for Electronic Arts for the last year was negative (-16.3%). However, it should be mentioned that comparison with the previous year is not completely fair. EA really used the benefits of negative provision for income taxes in previous year. If we choose to compare results for the last year with the results achieved two years ago, then we would see a growth of 10.5% (which is not the most relevant metric for the comparison, but it shows that downside is not as strong). Costs change Now we can analyze if the company improved its efficiency on the cost side. We see that gross profit margin has been improving over the years, from 63% in 2013 to 73% in the last year. At the same time, operating income margin has also shown signs of improvements: from 3% in 2013 to 25.26% in the last year.
 The following graphs represent changes in margins for the following years. 

 How do we compare these results with the results of the competitors? Activision Blizzard has gross profit margin of 63.77% and operating profit margin of 21.36%. Ubisoft has gross profit margin of 81.43% and operating profit margin of 12%. We can conclude that Electronic Arts is more on the positive trend when it comes to the question of cost efficiency. DCF model 

 The result of my DCF analysis is presented in the table above. In my model, I mostly used optimistic assumptions about growth of the revenue and cost efficiency. I made this decision for several reasons. Firstly, EA managed to show good results in revenue growth, compared to its previous years. EA is also doing a better job than its competitors. Secondly, EA has worked well with its gross profit and operating profit margins. The company has managed to improve them over the years. I do not assume strong improvements in the future. However, I predict that company will stay at the current level of efficiency in the future. Given this information, my DCF valuation results in equity value of about $38.2 billion. With this approach, price per share of Electronic Arts is $123.7. That is about 10% higher than its current price. Sensitivity analysis Table of share prices for different values of growth and WACC 


 With different assumptions about WACC and different growth rates for the terminal value, price per share can have different values. The main range is between $105.2 and $124.4. Comparative analysis There are three different ratios in my comparative analysis: EV/EBITDA, EV/sales, and P/E.  Electronic Arts currently has EV/EBITDA of 22.02, EV/sales of 6.49, and P/E (current) of 36.44. Activision Blizzard has EV/EBITDA of 17.77, EV/sales of 6.88, and P/E (current) of 47.6. Take-Two Interactive has EV/EBITDA of 18.25, EV/sales of 3.62, and P/E (current) of 110.07. Nintendo has EV/EBITDA of 89.17, EV/sales of 6.88, and P/E (current) of 43.59.  Electronic Arts seems to be a little overpriced if we look at EBITDA multiple. However, sales metric shows that the company may be a bit undervalued. Value of P/E multiple for EA is also one of the lowest among these several competitors. We can conclude that EA may not be seriously undervalued. However, it has a potential to grow. Comparison of multiples for EA and main competitors 

 New products and launches in the future Electronic Arts owns several key franchises in the video game industry. It also has plans to create several new names. One of the biggest and most famous conferences in the video game industry is “E3”. Many companies share their plans for the future there, including EA. First of all, EA presented one of the DLCs to its successful brand “Battlefield 1”. Secondly, it worked on its “Fifa” and “Madden” projects and added new features to make these series look fresh (those series were reproduced every year in the past with just slight improvements in graphics). Thirdly, it gave a new chance to its “Need for Speed” franchise with a new spin on game play and style. EA also has offered several new names like “A Way Out” (from a studio with successful previous project) and “Anthem” (from an experienced studio BioWare). Finally, EA presented “Battlefront 2”, a sequel to a commercially successful game. This time it offers a lot of new features. For example, a more complete story-mode and wider multi-player experience.
 Recommendation In my opinion, Electronic Arts, despite its ups and downs with revenue growth, is one of the most efficient companies on the market. EA has been improving its cost margins for several years. DCF valuation shows that company has potential to grow. Analysis of multiples for competitors also shows that company may be undervalued. From qualitative side, company also shows that it knows that it needs to work with both existing properties and new projects from proven teams.
Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. 
I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.About this article:ExpandAuthor payment: $35 + $0.01/page view. Authors of PRO articles receive a minimum guaranteed payment of $150-500.Tagged: Investing Ideas, Long Ideas, Technology, Multimedia & Graphics SoftwareWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Alexander Kalashnikov and get email alerts



















Electronic Arts Home Page - Official EA Site






















The Sims Console Edition Coming



    
        Discover the Game
    










Don't Miss EA at gamescom 2017
gamescom


More news, more gameplay, and more hands-on experiences for our players: Tune In on August 21 for the Live Show.







Build Unique Cars
Need For Speed Payback


Whether it's buying cars, picking up new parts or finding a sweet new, now you'll have even more ways to interact with and customize your favorite rides.







Join Inferno Squad
Star Wars Battlefront II


In a galaxy of conflict, not all heroes choose the path of Rebellion.












    
        Latest News
    









MADDEN 18
Player Ratings Reveal

    
        Who is the Best?
    




STAR WARS BATTLEFRONT II
Beta Coming in October

    
        Prepare for Battle
    














Star Wars Battlefront II


    TRAILERS


    NEWS


    INSIDER


    PRE-ORDER






Madden NFL 18


    NEWS


    INSIDER


    PRE-ORDER






Need for Speed Payback


    NEWS


    NEWSLETTER


    PRE-ORDER






Anthem


    TEASER


    INSIDER






A Way Out


    TRAILER


    FEATURES






Battlefield 1


    NEWS


    TIPS AND TRICKS


    INSIDER


    BUY





    
        Latest Games
    












    
        Get Origin Access
    




    
        Get EA Access
    



























































Electronic Arts Home Page - Official EA Site






















The Sims Console Edition Coming



    
        Discover the Game
    










Don't Miss EA at gamescom 2017
gamescom


More news, more gameplay, and more hands-on experiences for our players: Tune In on August 21 for the Live Show.







Build Unique Cars
Need For Speed Payback


Whether it's buying cars, picking up new parts or finding a sweet new, now you'll have even more ways to interact with and customize your favorite rides.







Join Inferno Squad
Star Wars Battlefront II


In a galaxy of conflict, not all heroes choose the path of Rebellion.












    
        Latest News
    









MADDEN 18
Player Ratings Reveal

    
        Who is the Best?
    




STAR WARS BATTLEFRONT II
Beta Coming in October

    
        Prepare for Battle
    














Star Wars Battlefront II


    TRAILERS


    NEWS


    INSIDER


    PRE-ORDER






Madden NFL 18


    NEWS


    INSIDER


    PRE-ORDER






Need for Speed Payback


    NEWS


    NEWSLETTER


    PRE-ORDER






Anthem


    TEASER


    INSIDER






A Way Out


    TRAILER


    FEATURES






Battlefield 1


    NEWS


    TIPS AND TRICKS


    INSIDER


    BUY





    
        Latest Games
    












    
        Get Origin Access
    




    
        Get EA Access
    
















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Close in:



Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




10:43 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:41aJapan slaps 50% tariff on U.S. frozen beef, first such action in 14 years
10:37aPacking the Pounds Back on Pigs
10:34aBREAKINGFDA says it plans to lower nicotine in cigarettes to non-addictive levels
10:30aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
10:30aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
10:30aTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
10:29aBitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
10:27aTreasury yields dip after second-quarter GDP data
10:26aNew rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues
10:25aThese are the times you’re actually allowed to put money back into your IRA
10:24aWeekend Sip: Is this the world’s first distilled non-alcoholic spirit?
10:19aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
10:17aTime for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
10:06aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
10:06aHoward Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise
10:05aMinor lift for final consumer sentiment reading in July as partisan divide remains
10:03aU.S. dollar holds decline after consumer sentiment data
10:03aTreasury yields flat after consumer sentiment data 
10:01aFinal UMich consumer sentiment for July was 93.4
10:00aBojangles' shares sink after revenue miss, guidance cut
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,794.33

-2.22
-0.01%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,358.67

-23.52
-0.37%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,465.97

-9.45
-0.38%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Electronic Arts - Wikipedia






















 






Electronic Arts

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"EA" redirects here. For other uses, see EA (disambiguation).





This article may be too long to read and navigate comfortably. Please consider splitting content into sub-articles, condensing it, or adding or removing subheadings. (February 2017)



Electronic Arts Inc.





The EA headquarters building at Redwood City, California in May 2011.




Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: EA
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Video game industry


Founded
May 27, 1982; 35 years ago (1982-05-27) in San Mateo, California, U.S.


Founder
Trip Hawkins


Headquarters
Redwood City, California, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Larry Probst (Chairman)
Andrew Wilson (CEO)





Products
Army of Two series
Battlefield series
Burnout series
Command & Conquer series
Crysis series
Dead Space series
Dragon Age series
FIFA series
Fight Night series
Madden NFL series
Mass Effect series
Medal of Honor series
NBA Live series
NCAA Football series
Need for Speed series
NHL series
Plants vs. Zombies series
Rock Band series
SimCity series
The Simpsons series
The Sims series
Skate series
SSX series
Star Wars series


Revenue
 US$4.396 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$898 million (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$1.156 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$7.050 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$3.396 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

8,500 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
List of Electronic Arts subsidiaries
BioWare
Criterion Games
EA Canada
EA Digital Illusions CE
EA Mobile
EA Montreal
EA Tiburon
Firemonkeys Studios
Ghost Games
Maxis
Motive Studios
PopCap Games
The Sims Studio
Visceral Games


Website
ea.com


Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) is an American video game company headquartered in Redwood City, California. Founded and incorporated on May 28, 1982 by Trip Hawkins, the company was a pioneer of the early home computer games industry and was notable for promoting the designers and programmers responsible for its games. As of 2014, Electronic Arts was the world's fourth-largest gaming company by revenue after Tencent, Sony and Microsoft [2] The company sparked controversies over its advertising efforts, and acquisition of other studios.
Currently, EA develops and publishes games under several labels including EA Sports titles FIFA, Madden NFL, NHL, NCAA Football, NBA Live, and SSX. Other EA labels produce established franchises such as Battlefield, Need for Speed, The Sims, Medal of Honor, Command & Conquer, as well as newer franchises such as Crysis, Dead Space, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, Army of Two, Titanfall and Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, produced in partnership with LucasArts.[3] EA also owns and operates major gaming studios, EA Tiburon in Orlando, EA Canada in Burnaby, BioWare in Edmonton as well as Montreal, and DICE in Sweden.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1982–2000 - The Beginning
1.2 2000–2007
1.3 2007–2013
1.4 2013–present


2 Electronic Arts company structure

2.1 EA Games
2.2 EA Sports
2.3 EA Maxis
2.4 EA All Play
2.5 SEED


3 Owned studios and partnership companies

3.1 Current
3.2 Defunct
3.3 EA Partners program
3.4 EA Originals program


4 Games by Electronic Arts

4.1 Upcoming titles


5 Controversies

5.1 Studio acquisition and management practices
5.2 Treatment of employees
5.3 Game quality
5.4 Sports licensing and exclusivity
5.5 EULA and DRM
5.6 Advertising
5.7 LGBT controversies
5.8 The Consumerist rating as "Worst Company in America"
5.9 Dungeon Keeper Mobile app store vote manipulation


6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



History[edit]
The company began developing games in-house and supported consoles by the early 1990s. EA later grew via acquisition of several successful developers. By the early 2000s, EA had become one of the world's largest third-party publishers. On May 4, 2011, EA reported $3.8 billion in revenues for the fiscal year ending March 2011, and on January 13, 2012, EA announced that it had exceeded $1 billion in digital revenue during the previous calendar year.[5] In a note to employees, EA CEO John Riccitiello called this "an incredibly important milestone" for the company.[6] EA began to move toward direct distribution of digital games and services with the acquisition of the popular online gaming site Pogo.com in 2001.[7] In 2009, EA acquired the London-based social gaming startup Playfish,[8] and in June 2011, EA launched Origin, an online service to sell downloadable games directly to consumers.[9] There is also a "On The House" feature in Origin that lets you download full versions of EA games for free, it is updated regularly. In July 2011, EA announced that it had acquired PopCap Games, the company behind hits such as Plants vs. Zombies and Bejeweled.[10]
EA continued its shift toward digital goods in 2012, folding its mobile-focused EA Interactive (EAi) division "into other organizations throughout the company, specifically those divisions led by EA Labels president Frank Gibeau, COO Peter Moore, and CTO Rajat Taneja, and EVP of digital Kristian Segerstrale."[11]
1982–2000 - The Beginning[edit]




Founder of EA Trip Hawkins.


In February 1982, Trip Hawkins arranged a meeting with Don Valentine of Sequoia Capital[12] to discuss financing his new venture, Amazin' Software. Valentine encouraged Hawkins to leave Apple Inc., where Hawkins served as Director of Product Marketing, and allowed Hawkins use of Sequoia Capital's spare office space to start the company. On May 28, 1982, Trip Hawkins incorporated and established the company with a personal investment of an estimated US$200,000. The company was not named Amazin' Software, but instead Electronic Arts. Seven months later in December 1982, Hawkins secured US$2 million of venture capital from Sequoia Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, and Sevin Rosen Funds.




Electronic Arts' original corporate logo, 1982–2000.


For more than seven months, Hawkins refined his Electronic Arts business plan. With aid from his first employee (with whom he worked in marketing at Apple), Rich Melmon, the original plan was written, mostly by Hawkins, on an Apple II in Sequoia Capital's office in August 1982. During that time, Hawkins also employed two of his former staff from Apple, Dave Evans and Pat Marriott, as producers, and a Stanford MBA classmate, Jeff Burton from Atari for international business development. The business plan was again refined in September and reissued on October 8, 1982. By November, employee headcount rose to 11, including Tim Mott, Bing Gordon, David Maynard, and Steve Hayes.[13][14] Having outgrown the office space provided by Sequoia Capital, the company relocated to a San Mateo office that overlooked the San Francisco Airport landing path. Headcount rose rapidly in 1983, including Don Daglow, Richard Hilleman, Stewart Bonn, David Gardner, and Nancy Fong.
He recruited his original employees from Apple, Atari, Xerox PARC, and VisiCorp, and got Steve Wozniak to agree to sit on the board of directors.[15]
Hawkins was determined to sell directly to buyers. Combined with the fact that Hawkins was pioneering new game brands, this made sales growth more challenging. Retailers wanted to buy known brands from existing distribution partners. After more flyers were handed out, former CEO Larry Probst arrived as VP of Sales in late 1984 and helped the company sustain growth into US$18 million in its third full year.[citation needed] This policy of dealing directly with retailers gave EA higher margins and better market awareness, key advantages the company would leverage to leapfrog its early competitors.[16]
In December 1986, David Gardner and Mark Lewkaspais moved to the UK to open a European headquarters. Up until that point publishing of Electronic Arts Games, and the conversion of many of their games to compact cassette versions in Europe was handled by Ariolasoft.
Most of the early employees of the company disliked the Amazin' Software name that Hawkins had originally chosen when he incorporated the company.[13] While at Apple, Hawkins had enjoyed company offsite meetings at Pajaro Dunes and organized such a planning offsite for EA in October 1982.
Hawkins had developed the ideas of treating software as an art form and calling the developers, "software artists". Hence, the latest version of the business plan had suggested the name "SoftArt". However, Hawkins and Melmon knew the founders of Software Arts, the creators of VisiCalc, and thought their permission should be obtained. Dan Bricklin did not want the name used because it sounded too similar (perhaps "confusingly similar") to Software Arts. However, the name concept was liked by all the attendees. Hawkins had also recently read a best-selling book about the film studio, United Artists, and liked the reputation that the company had created. Early advisers Andy Berlin, Jeff Goodby, and Rich Silverstein (who would soon form their own ad agency Goodby, Silverstein & Partners) were also fans of that approach, and the discussion was led by Hawkins and Berlin. Hawkins said everyone had a vote but they would lose it if they went to sleep.[citation needed]
Hawkins liked the word "electronic", and various employees had considered the phrases "Electronic Artists" and "Electronic Arts". Other candidates included Gordon's suggestion of "Blue Light", a reference from the Disney film Tron.[citation needed] When Gordon and others pushed for "Electronic Artists", in tribute to the film company United Artists, Steve Hayes opposed, saying, "We're not the artists, they are..." meaning that the developers whose games EA would publish were the artists. This statement from Hayes immediately tilted sentiment towards Electronic Arts and the name was unanimously endorsed.[citation needed]
A novel approach to giving credit to its developers was one of EA's trademarks in its early days. This characterization was even further reinforced with EA's packaging of most of their games in the "album cover" pioneered by EA because Hawkins thought that a record album style would both save costs and convey an artistic feeling.[17] EA routinely referred to their developers as "artists" and gave them photo credits in their games and numerous full-page magazine ads. Their first such ad, accompanied by the slogan "We see farther," was the first video game advertisement to feature software designers.[16] EA also shared lavish profits with their developers, which added to their industry appeal. The square "album cover" boxes (such as the covers for 1983's M.U.L.E. and Pinball Construction Set) were a popular packaging concept by Electronic Arts, which wanted to represent their developers as "rock stars".[17]
In the mid-1980s Electronic Arts aggressively marketed products for the Commodore Amiga, a premier home computer of the late 1980s and early 1990s in Europe. Commodore had given EA development tools and prototype machines before Amiga's actual launch. For Amiga EA published some notable non-game titles. A drawing program Deluxe Paint (1985) and its subsequent versions became perhaps the most famous piece of software available for Amiga platform.[18] Other Amiga programs released by EA included Deluxe Music Construction Set, Deluxe Paint Animation and Instant Music. Some of them, most notably Deluxe Paint, were ported to other platforms. For Macintosh EA released a black & white animation tool called Studio/1, and a series of Paint titles called Studio/8 and Studio/32 (1990).
In 1988 EA published a flight simulator game exclusively for Amiga, F/A-18 Interceptor, which received attention due to its vector graphics that were notable for 1988 standards. Another significant Amiga release (also initially available for Atari ST, later converted for numerous other platforms) was Populous (1989) developed by Bullfrog Productions. It was a pioneering and influential title in the genre that was later called "god games".
In 1990, Electronic Arts began producing console games for the Nintendo Entertainment System, after previously licensing its computer games to other console-game publishers.[19] Eventually, Trip Hawkins left EA to found the now defunct 3DO Company.
In 1995 Electronic Arts won the European Computer Trade Show award for best software publisher of the year.[20]
2000–2007[edit]




Headquarters of EA in October 2007.


EA is headquartered in the Redwood Shores neighborhood of Redwood City, California.[21] Following the retirement and departure of Trip Hawkins in 2000, EA decided to replace its logo with a new one, and Larry Probst took over the reins.
In 2004, EA made a multimillion-dollar donation to fund the development of game production curriculum at the University of Southern California's Interactive Media Division. On February 1, 2006, Electronic Arts announced that it would cut worldwide staff by 5 percent.[22] On June 20, 2006 EA purchased Mythic Entertainment, who are finished making Warhammer Online.[23]
After Sega's ESPN NFL 2K5 successfully grabbed market share away from EA's dominant Madden NFL series during the 2004 holiday season, EA responded by making several large sports licensing deals which include an exclusive agreement with the NFL, and in January 2005, a 15-year deal with ESPN.[24] The ESPN deal gave EA exclusive first rights to all ESPN content for sports simulation games. On April 11, 2005, EA announced a similar, 6-year licensing deal with the Collegiate Licensing Company (CLC) for exclusive rights to college football content.[25]
Much of EA's success, both in terms of sales and with regards to its stock market valuation, is due to its strategy of platform-agnostic development and the creation of strong multi-year franchises. EA was the first publisher to release yearly updates of its sports franchises—Madden, FIFA, NHL, NBA Live, Tiger Woods, etc.—with updated player rosters and small graphical and gameplay tweaks.[26] Recognizing the risk of franchise fatigue among consumers, EA announced in 2006 that it would concentrate more of its effort on creating new original intellectual property.[27]
In September 2006, Nokia and EA announced a partnership in which EA becomes an exclusive major supplier of mobile games to Nokia mobile devices through the Nokia Content Discoverer. In the beginning, Nokia customers were able to download seven EA titles (Tetris, Tetris Mania, The Sims 2, Doom, FIFA 06, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 06 and FIFA Street 2) on the holiday season in 2006. Rick Simonson is the executive vice president and director of Nokia and starting from 2006 is affiliated with John Riccitiello and are partners.[28]
2007–2013[edit]
In February 2007, Probst stepped down from the CEO job while remaining on the Board of Directors. His handpicked successor is John Riccitiello, who had worked at EA for several years previously, departed for a while, and then returned.[29] Riccitiello previously worked for Elevation Partners, Sara Lee and PepsiCo. In June 2007, new CEO John Riccitiello announced that EA would reorganize itself into four labels, each with responsibility for its own product development and publishing (the city-state model). The goal of the reorganization was to empower the labels to operate more autonomously, streamline decision-making, increase creativity and quality, and get games into the market faster.[30] This reorganization came after years of consolidation and acquisition by EA of smaller studios, which some in the industry blamed for a decrease in quality of EA titles. In 2008, at the DICE Summit, Riccitiello called the earlier approach of "buy and assimilate" a mistake, often stripping smaller studios of its creative talent. Riccitiello said that the city-state model allows independent developers to remain autonomous to a large extent, and cited Maxis and BioWare as examples of studios thriving under the new structure.[31][32]
Also, in 2007, EA announced that it would be bringing some of its major titles to the Macintosh. EA has released Battlefield 2142, Command & Conquer: Tiberium Wars, Crysis, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Madden NFL 08, Need for Speed: Carbon and Spore for the Mac. All of the new games have been developed for the Macintosh using Cider, a technology developed by TransGaming that enables Intel-based Macs to run Windows games inside a translation layer running on Mac OS X. They are not playable on PowerPC-based Macs.[33]
In October 2007, EA purchased Super Computer International, a long-standing industry provider of game server hosting for development studios, who were currently developing the new Playlinc software. A week later they then purchased VG Holding Corp, the parent company of BioWare and Pandemic Studios.
It was revealed in February 2008 that Electronic Arts had made a takeover bid for rival game company Take-Two Interactive. After its initial offer of US$25 per share, all cash stock transaction offer was rejected by the Take-Two board, EA revised it to US$26 per share, a 64% premium over the previous day's closing price and made the offer known to the public.[34] Rumours had been floating around the Internet prior to the offer about Take-Two possibly being bought over by a bigger company, albeit with Viacom as the potential bidder.[35][36] In May 2008, EA announced that it will purchase the assets of Hands-On Mobile Korea, a South Korean mobile game developer and publisher. The company will become EA Mobile Korea.[37] In September 2008, EA dropped its buyout offer of Take-Two. No reason was given.[38]
As of November 6, 2008 it was confirmed that Electronic Arts is closing their Casual Label & merging it with their Hasbro partnership with The Sims Label.[39] EA also confirmed the departure of Kathy Vrabeck, who was given the position as former president of the EA Casual Division in May 2007. EA made this statement about the merger: "We've learned a lot about casual entertainment in the past two years, and found that casual gaming defies a single genre and demographic. With the retirement and departure of Kathy Vrabeck, EA is reorganizing to integrate casual games—development and marketing—into other divisions of our business. We are merging our Casual Studios, Hasbro partnership, and Casual marketing organization with The Sims Label to be a new Sims and Casual Label, where there is a deep compatibility in the product design, marketing and demographics. [...] In the days and weeks ahead, we will make further announcements on the reporting structure for the other businesses in the Casual Label including EA Mobile, Pogo, Media Sales and Online Casual Initiatives. Those businesses remain growth priorities for EA and deserve strong support in a group that will compliment their objectives."[40] This statement comes a week after EA announced it was laying off 6% about 600 of their staff positions and had a US$310 million net loss for the quarter.[41]
Due to the 2008 Economic Crisis, Electronic Arts had a poorer than expected 2008 holiday season, moving it in February 2009 to cut approximately 1100 jobs, which it said represented about 11% of its workforce. It also closed 12 of their facilities. Riccitiello, in a conference call with reporters, stated that their poor performance in the fourth quarter was not due entirely to the poor economy, but also to the fact that they did not release any blockbuster titles in the quarter. In the quarter ending December 31, 2008, the company lost US$641 million. As of early May 2009, the subsidiary studio EA Redwood Shores was known as Visceral Games.[42][43] On June 24, 2009, EA announced it will merge two of its development studios, BioWare and Mythic into one single role-playing video game and MMO development powerhouse. The move will actually place Mythic under control of BioWare as Ray Muzyka and Greg Zeschuk will be in direct control of the new entity.[44] By fall 2012, both Muzyka and Zeschuk had chosen to depart the merged entity in a joint retirement announcement.[45][46][47]
On November 9, 2009, EA announced its acquisition of social casual games developer Playfish for US$275 million.[48] On the same day, the company announced layoffs of 1500 employees, representing 17% of its workforce, across a number of studios including EA Tiburon, Visceral Games, Mythic and EA Black Box. Also affected were "projects and support activities" that, according to Chief Financial Officer Eric Brown "don't make economic sense",[49] resulting in the shutdown of popular communities such as Battlefield News at the Wayback Machine (archived January 12, 2006) and the EA Community Team at the Wayback Machine (archived February 5, 2009). These layoffs also led to the complete shutdown of Pandemic Studios.[50]

"Chillingo" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Chilango.
In October 2010, EA announced the acquisition of UK based iPhone and iPad games publisher Chillingo for US$20 million in cash. Chillingo published the popular Angry Birds for iOS and Cut the Rope for all platforms, but the deal did not include those properties,[51] so Cut the Rope became published by ZeptoLab, and Angry Birds became published by Rovio Entertainment.
2013–present[edit]
On March 18, 2013, John Riccitello announced that he would be stepping down as CEO and a member of the Board of Directors on March 30, 2013. Larry Probst was also appointed executive chairman on the same day.[52]
In April 2013, EA announced a reorganization which was to include dismissal of 10% of their workforce, consolidation of marketing functions which were distributed among the five label organizations, and subsumption of Origin operational leadership under the President of Labels.[53][54] In May 2013, EA announced that they had partnered with Disney to release Star Wars games from 2013 to 2023 exclusively. EA's subsidiaries including BioWare, DICE, Visceral Games, Motive Studios, Capital Games and external developer Respawn Entertainment, were responsible in creating new video games set in the Star Wars universe.[55][56] Andrew Wilson was appointed the CEO of EA.[57] In April 2015, EA announced that it would be shutting down various free-to-play games in July of that year, including Battlefield Heroes, Battlefield Play4Free, Need for Speed: World, and FIFA World.[58]
During E3 2015, vice president of the company, Patrick Söderlund, announced that the company will start investing more on smaller titles such as Unravel so as to broaden the company's portfolio.[59] On December 10, 2015, EA announced a new division called Competitive Gaming Division, which focuses on creating competitive game experience and organizing ESports events. It was once headed by Peter Moore.[60]
In May 2016, Electronic Arts announced that they had formed a new internal division called Frostbite Labs. The new department specializes in creating new projects for virtual reality platforms, and "virtual humans". The new department is located in Stockholm and Vancouver.[61]
Electronic Arts company structure[edit]
EA is headed by chairman Larry Probst and CEO Andrew Wilson. Many have attributed former CEO John Riccitiello's success in leading EA to his passion as a gamer.[62] Electronic Arts has four main labels (divisions), with numerous studios falling under each one.[63]
EA Games[edit]
Home to the largest number of studio and development teams, this label is responsible for action-adventure, role playing, racing and combat games, marketed under the EA brand. In addition to traditional packaged-goods games, EA Games also develops massively multiplayer online role-playing games. Led by Patrick Söderlund.[64]

Criterion Games
EA Digital Illusions CE (formerly Digital Illusions Creative Entertainment, DICE)

DICE Los Angeles


Ghost Games
Visceral Games (formerly EA Redwood Shores)
EA BioWare—focuses on creating multiplatform, role-playing, MMO and strategy games. Includes

BioWare Edmonton
BioWare Austin
BioWare Montreal


Motive Studios

EA Sports[edit]
Main article: EA Sports
Publishes all the realistic, casual, and freestyle sports-based titles from EA, including FIFA Football, Madden NFL, Fight Night, NBA Live, NCAA Football, Cricket, NCAA March Madness, Tiger Woods PGA Tour, NHL Hockey, NASCAR and Rugby. Led by Patrick Söderlund.[64]

EA Tiburon (Florida)
EA Canada (Burnaby)

EA Maxis[edit]
Main article: EA Maxis
Known for The Sims series, EA Maxis develops and markets life-simulation games and online communities. The label is headquartered at EA's campus in Redwood Shores. Maxis' original studio in Emeryville was closed in March 2015. The studio now sits under the leadership of the SVP of EA Mobile.[65] The label had previously been renamed EA Play.

Maxis Redwood Shores

The Sims Studio


Maxis Salt Lake
Maxis Melbourne
Maxis Helsinki

EA All Play[edit]
Includes original EA and partner franchises like The Simpsons, Tetris, SCRABBLE, MONOPOLY, World Series of Poker, Real Racing, Ultima, as well as online games for the Pogo.com online service.

PopCap Games
EA Mobile

SEED[edit]
The Search for Extraordinary Experiences Division (SEED) was revealed at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2017 as a technology research division and incubator, using tools like deep learning and neural networks to bring in player experiences and other external factors to help them with developing more immersive narratives and games.[66][67] SEED has offices in Los Angeles and Stockholm.[68]
Owned studios and partnership companies[edit]
Current[edit]

BioWare in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada and Montreal, Quebec, Canada and Austin, Texas and Galway, Ireland founded in February 1995, acquired October 2007 from Elevation Partners.
Chillingo in Macclesfield, United Kingdom
Criterion Games in Guildford, England, founded as Criterion Software in 1993, acquired in August 2004.
EA Baton Rouge (formerly North American Testing Center) in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, opened in September 2008.
EA Canada in Burnaby, British Columbia, started in January 1983.
EA Casual Entertainment
EA China in Shanghai, China
EA Deutschland in Cologne, Germany
EA DICE in Stockholm, Sweden, founded in 1992, acquired in 2005.
EA France in Lyon, France
EIS (European Integration Studio) in Madrid, Spain
EA India, Noida, India
EA Japan, Tokyo, Japan
EA Mobile Japan Studio, Tokyo, Japan
EA Brazil, São Paulo, Brazil
Spearhead in Seoul, South Korea, founded in 1998 as EA Korea.
DICE Los Angeles in Los Angeles, California, founded as DreamWorks Interactive LLC in 1995, acquired in 2000.
EA Romania in Bucharest, Romania, founded as JAMDAT Mobile Romania in 2005, acquired in 2006.
EA Russia in Moscow, Russia, translate in Russian
EA Mobile in Los Angeles, California
EA Montreal in Montreal, Quebec, Canada started in 2004.
EA San Francisco in Embarcadero, San Francisco
EA Salt Lake in Salt Lake City, Utah, founded as Headgate Studios, founded in 1992, acquired December 2006.
EA Singapore in Singapore
EA Sports made up of EA Canada in Burnaby, Canada and EA Tiburon Maitland, Florida, publisher of EA's sports franchise games
EA Tiburon in Maitland, Florida founded as Tiburon Entertainment in 1994, acquired in 1998.
Easy Studios in Stockholm, Sweden. Founded in 2008 developing PC games for EA's new Play4Free series.
Ghost Games in Gothenburg, Sweden, England, UK and Bucharest, Romania, founded as EA Gothenburg in 2011, rebranded in 2012.
Motive Studios in Montreal, Quebec, Canada started in 2015.
PopCap Games in Seattle, Washington acquired in 2011.
The Sims Studio in Redwood City, California founded in 2006.
Uprise (formerly ESN) in Uppsala, Sweden, founded in 2002, acquired in 2012.
Visceral Games in Redwood City, California, also has an office in Shanghai, China; founded as EA Redwood Shores in 1998.
Capital Games in Sacramento, California founded in 2008, specialised in creating mobile games.

Defunct[edit]

Original HQ in San Mateo, California, moved to Redwood City in 1998.
Origin Systems in Austin, Texas founded in 1983, acquired in 1992, closed in 2004.
Bullfrog Productions in Surrey, England, founded in 1987, acquired in 1995,[69] merged with EA UK and effectively closed in 2001.
EA Baltimore in Baltimore, Maryland, established in 1996 as part of Origin, closed in 2000
EA Seattle in Seattle, Washington, founded in 1982 as Manley & Associates, acquired January 29, 1996, closed in 2002
Maxis in Walnut Creek, California, founded in 1987, acquired in June 1997, folded into Redwood Shores (now Visceral Games) in 2004.
Westwood Studios in Las Vegas, Nevada, founded in 1987, acquired from Virgin Interactive Entertainment in August 1998, merged into EA Los Angeles in 2003.
EA Pacific (known for a time as Westwood Pacific) in Irvine, California, formerly part of Virgin Interactive, acquired with Westwood in 1998, closed in 2003
Kesmai (known also as GameStorm), founded in 1981, acquired in 1999, closed in 2001.
DICE Canada in London, Ontario, started in 1998, acquired DICE fully October 2, 2006; closed DICE Canada studio hours later.
EA UK in Chertsey, United Kingdom, moved to EA Bright Light in Guildford.
EA Chicago in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, founded in 1990 as NuFX, acquired in 2004, closed November 6, 2007.
Pandemic Studios in Los Angeles, California and Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, founded in 1998, acquired October 2007 from Elevation Partners, closed November 17, 2009.
EA Bright Light, in Guildford, Surrey, formerly EA UK, closed in 2011.
EA Black Box in Burnaby, Canada, founded in 1998, acquired in 2002, closed on April 2013.
EA Mobile Brazil in São Paulo, Brazil, closed in 2013.
EA Phenomic in Ingelheim, Germany, founded as Phenomic Game Development in 1997, acquired August 2006 and closed down in 2013.
Playfish in London, England, acquired in 2009, closed down in 2013.
Danger Close Games in Los Angeles, founded as DreamWorks Interactive, LLC. in 1995, acquired in 2000, renamed as EA Los Angeles and closed down in 2013.
EA North Carolina in Morrisville, North Carolina, closed in 2013[70]
Victory Games in Los Angeles, California, also has offices in Austin, Texas and Shanghai, China; founded in 2010 and closed down in 2013 as Danger Close.
Mythic Entertainment in Fairfax, Virginia, founded as Interworld Productions in 1995, acquired in June 2006 and closed down in May 2014.
Maxis in Emeryville, California, founded in 1987, acquired in July 1997, and closed down in March 2015.
Waystone was disbanded in November 2014.[71]

EA Partners program[edit]
The EA Partners co-publishing arm is dedicated to publishing and distributing games developed by third-party developers. Notable publishing/distribution agreements include:

Alice: Madness Returns – Spicy Horse
APB – Realtime Worlds
Brütal Legend – Double Fine Productions
Bulletstorm – Epic Games
Crysis series – Crytek
DeathSpank – Hothead Games
Fuse – Insomniac Games[72]
Hellgate: London – Flagship Studios
Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning – 38 Studios, Big Huge Games
Rock Band series – Harmonix and MTV Games
The Secret World – Funcom[73]
Shadows of the Damned – Grasshopper Manufacture
Shank series – Klei Entertainment
Syndicate – Starbreeze Studios
Titanfall series – Respawn Entertainment
Warp – Trapdoor

EA Originals program[edit]
 EA Originals is a program within Electronic Arts to help support independently-developed video games. The program was announced at EA's press event at the 2016 E3 Conference, and builds upon the success they had with Unravel in 2015. The first game to be supported under this program is Fe by Zoink Games, with plans for release in 2017.[74] It will be followed by Sea of Solitude and A Way Out.
Games by Electronic Arts[edit]
Main article: List of Electronic Arts games
Some of the most notable and popular games of video game history have been published by EA, and many of these are listed below. Though EA published these titles, they did not always develop them; some were developed by independent game development studios. EA developed their first internally developed game in 1987.

Pinball Construction Set (1983) by Bill Budge[75]
M.U.L.E. (1983) by Dan Bunten and Ozark Softscape
Archon: The Light and the Dark (1983) by Paul Reiche III and Free Fall Associates
The Bard's Tale (1985) by Interplay Productions
Skate or Die! (1987), EA's first internally developed title
Madden NFL series (1989–present)
Populous (1989) by Bullfrog which EA acquired in 1995
Wing Commander series (1992 onwards, previous games published in-house)
Desert Strike: Return to the Gulf (1992) by EA's High Score Production group
FIFA series (1993–present)
Dungeon Keeper series (titles from 1997 to 1999) by Bullfrog Productions
Ultima Online (1997) by Origin Systems
Command & Conquer series (titles from 1999 to 2013) by Westwood Studios (earlier titles released by Virgin Interactive)
SimCity series (titles from 1999–present) by Maxis (earlier titles released by other publishers)
Medal of Honor series (1999–2012)
Need for Speed series (1994–present)
James Bond series (1999–2005)
American McGee's Alice (2000)
The Sims series (2000–present) by Maxis (2000-2006, 2013–present) and The Sims Studio (2007-2012)
Battlefield series (2002–present) by EA Digital Illusions CE
Crysis series (2007–present) by Crytek
Rock Band series (2007–2010) by Harmonix
Spore series (2008–present) by Maxis
Army of Two series (2008–present) by EA Montreal
Dead Space series (2008–present) by Visceral Games
Mirror's Edge series (2008–present) by EA Digital Illusions CE
Dragon Age series (2009–present) by BioWare
Mass Effect series (starting with the PC release of the first game, the original Xbox 360 version was published by Microsoft) (2008–present)
Dante's Inferno (2010) by Visceral Games
Star Wars: The Old Republic (2011) by BioWare
EA Sports UFC (2014–present) by EA Canada
Star Wars Battlefront (2015) by EA Digital Illusions CE

Upcoming titles[edit]

Madden NFL 18 (PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
FIFA 18 (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One)
NBA Live 18 (PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Star Wars Battlefront II (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Need for Speed Payback (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
A Way Out (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Anthem (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Fe (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Sea of Solitude (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)

Controversies[edit]
Studio acquisition and management practices[edit]
See also: List of acquisitions by Electronic Arts
During its period of fastest growth, EA was often criticized for buying smaller development studios primarily for their intellectual property assets, and then producing drastically changed games of their franchises. For example, Origin-produced Ultima VIII: Pagan and Ultima IX: Ascension were developed quickly under EA's ownership, over the protests of Ultima creator Richard Garriott,[76] and these two are widely considered[77] to be sub-par compared to the rest of the series.[78][79]
In early 2008, CEO John Riccitiello acknowledged that this practice by EA was wrong and that the company now gives acquired studios greater autonomy without "meddling" in their corporate culture.[31]
In 2008, John D. Carmack of id Software said that EA is no longer the "Evil Empire"[80]

I'll admit that, if you asked me years ago, I still had thoughts that EA was the Evil Empire, the company that crushes the small studios...I'd have been surprised, if you told me a year ago that we'd end up with EA as a publisher. When we went out and talked to people, especially EA Partners people like Valve, we got almost uniformly positive responses from them.

Like other EA Partners, such as Harmonix/MTV Games, Carmack stressed that EA Partners deal "isn't really a publishing arrangement. Instead, they really offer a menu of services—Valve takes one set of things, Crytek takes a different set, and we're probably taking a third set".[80]
EA was criticized for shutting down some of its acquired studios after they released poorly performing games (for instance, Origin).[81] Though, in some of the cases, the shutdown was merely a reformation of teams working at different small studios into a single studio.[82][83] In the past, Magic Carpet 2 was rushed to completion over the objections of designer Peter Molyneux and it shipped during the holiday season with several major bugs. Studios such as Origin and Bullfrog Productions had previously produced games attracting significant fanbases. Many fans also became annoyed that their favorite developers were closed down, but some developers, for example the EALA studio, have stated that they try to carry on the legacy of the old studio (Westwood Studios). Once EA received criticism from labor groups for its dismissals of large groups of employees during the closure of a studio. However, later, it was confirmed that layoffs were not heavily confined to one team or another, countering early rumors that the teams were specifically targeted—countering the implication that the under performance of certain games might have been the catalyst.[84]
EA was once criticized for the acquisition of 19.9 percent of shares of its competitor Ubisoft, a move that Ubisoft's then spokesperson initially described as a "hostile act".[85] However, Ubisoft CEO Yves Guillemot later indicated that a merger with EA was a possibility, stating, "The first option for us is to manage our own company and grow it. The second option is to work with the movie industry, and the third is to merge."[86] However, in July 2010, EA elected to sell its reduced 15 percent share in Ubisoft.[87] That share equated to roughly €94 million (US$122 million).[88]
Treatment of employees[edit]
In 2004, Electronic Arts was criticized for employees working extraordinarily long hours—up to 100 hours per week—and not just at "crunch" times leading up to the scheduled releases of products. The publication of the EA Spouse blog, with criticisms such as "The current mandatory hours are 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.—seven days a week—with the occasional Saturday evening off for good behavior (at 6:30 PM)."[89] The company has since settled a class action lawsuit brought by game artists to compensate for unpaid overtime.[90] The class was awarded US$15.6 million. As a result, many of the lower-level developers (artists, programmers, producers, and designers) are now working at an hourly rate. A similar suit brought by programmers was settled for US$14.9 million.[91]
Since these criticisms first aired, it has been reported that EA has taken steps to address work-life balance concerns by focusing on long-term project planning, compensation, and communication with employees. These efforts accelerated with the arrival of John Riccitiello as CEO in February 2007. In December 2007, an internal EA employee survey showed a 13% increase in employee morale and a 21% increase in perception of management recognition over a three-year period.[92]
In May 2008, "EA Spouse" blog author Erin Hoffman, speaking to videogame industry news site Gamasutra, stated that EA had made significant progress, but may now be falling into old patterns again. Hoffman said that "I think EA is tremendously reformed, having made some real strong efforts to get the right people into their human resources department", and "I've been hearing from people who have gotten overtime pay there and I think that makes a great deal of difference. In fact, I've actually recommended to a few people I know to apply for jobs there", but she also said she has begun to hear "horror stories" once again.[93]
Game quality[edit]
For 2006, the games review aggregation site Metacritic gives the average of EA games as 72.0 (out of 100); 2.5 points behind Nintendo (74.5) but ahead of the other first-party publishers Microsoft (71.6) and Sony (71.2). The closest third-party publisher is Take-Two Interactive (publishing as 2K Games and Rockstar Games) at 70.3. The remaining top 10 publishers (Sega, THQ, Ubisoft, Activision, Square Enix) all rate in the mid 60s. Since 2005, EA has published eight games that received "Universal Acclaim" in at least one platform (Metacritic score 90 or greater): Battlefield 2, Crysis, Rock Band, FIFA 12, FIFA 13, Mass Effect 2, Mass Effect 3, and Dragon Age: Origins.
EA's aggregate review performance had shown a downward trend in quality over recent years and was expected to affect market shares during competitive seasons. Pacific Crest Securities analyst Evan Wilson had said, "Poor reviews and quality are beginning to tarnish the EA brand. According to our ongoing survey of GameRankings.com aggregated review data, Electronic Arts' overall game quality continues to fall... Although market share has not declined dramatically to date, in years such as 2007, which promises to have tremendous competition, it seems likely if quality does not improve."[94][95]
EA had also received criticism for developing games that lack innovation vis-à-vis the number of gaming titles produced under the EA brand that show a history of yearly updates, particularly in their sporting franchises. These typically retail as new games at full market price and feature only updated team rosters in addition to incremental changes to game mechanics, the user interface, and graphics. One critique compared EA to companies like Ubisoft and concluded that EA's innovation in new and old IPs "Crawls along at a snail's pace,"[96] while even the company's own CEO, John Riccitiello, acknowledged the lack of innovation seen in the industry generally, saying, "We're boring people to death and making games that are harder and harder to play. For the most part, the industry has been rinse-and-repeat. There's been lots of product that looked like last year's product, that looked a lot like the year before." EA has announced that it is turning its attention to creating new game IPs in order to stem this trend, with recently acquired and critically acclaimed studios BioWare and Pandemic would be contributing to this process.[97][98] In 2012, EA’s games were ranked highest of all large publishers in the industry, according to Metacritic.[99]
On December 19, 2013, EA was hit with a class action lawsuit over the bugs in the Battlefield 4 DLC. EA issued a statement regarding the various issues and bugs of the game and promised players that these issues would be fixed before the launch of the next generation consoles. This was not the case as players on both the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One had the same problems. The problems were so severe that they made certain parts of the game unplayable due to campaign save files being corrupted and players being unable to start or join multiplayer servers. Players expressed their outrage on the forums of Battlelog, EA Answers HQ and social news sites such as Reddit.[100] EA DICE responded by apologizing for the bugs and promising that they would halt all production of the release of new DLC packages until they fixed the various problems.
Sports licensing and exclusivity[edit]
On June 5, 2008, a lawsuit was filed in Oakland, California alleging Electronic Arts is breaking United States anti-trust laws by signing exclusive contracts with the NFL Players Association, the NCAA and Arena Football League, to use players' names, likenesses and team logos. This keeps other companies from being able to sign the same agreements. The suit further accuses EA of raising the price of games associated with these licenses as a result of this action.[101] In an interview with GameTap, Peter Moore said it was the NFL that sought the deal. "To be clear, the NFL was the entity that wanted the exclusive relationship. EA bid, as did a number of other companies, for the exclusive relationship", Moore said. "It wasn't on our behest that this went exclusive... We bid and we were very fortunate and lucky and delighted to be the winning licensee."[102] While EA argued the player's likenesses was incidentally used, this was rejected by the United States Courts of Appeals in 2015.[103] A further appeal to the US Supreme Court was unsuccessful.[104] In June 2016, EA settled with Jim Brown for $600,000.[105]
On September 26, 2013, EA settled a series of wide-ranging class action lawsuits filed by former NCAA players accusing EA and others of unauthorized use of player likenesses in their football and basketball games. EA settled the lawsuit for an undisclosed amount.[106][107] The settlement is reported to be around $40 million, to be paid to between 200,000 and 300,000 players.[108]
EULA and DRM[edit]
In the September 2008 release of EA's game Spore it was revealed that the DRM scheme included a program called SecuROM and a lifetime machine-activation limit of three (3) instances. A huge public outcry over this DRM scheme broke out over the Internet and swarmed Amazon.com with one-star ratings and critical reviews of the game in order to get EA to "pay attention to their consumers".[109] This DRM scheme, which was intended to hinder the efforts of infringers to illegally use and distribute EA software, instead mainly affected paying customers, as the game itself was copied and distributed well before release.[110] On September 13, 2008, it was announced (by TorrentFreak's statistics) that Spore was the most torrented game ever with over half a million illegal downloads within the first week of release.[111] In response to customer reaction, EA officially announced its release of upcoming Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3 would increase the installation limit to 5 rather than 3.[112]
On September 22, 2008, a global class action lawsuit was filed against EA regarding the DRM in Spore, complaining about EA not disclosing the existence of SecuROM in the game manual, and addressing how SecuROM runs with the nature of a rootkit, including how it remains on the hard drive even after Spore is uninstalled.[113][114][115] On October 14, 2008, a similar class action lawsuit was filed against EA for the inclusion of DRM software in the free demo version of the Creature Creator.[116]
On March 31, 2009, EA released a "De-Authorization Management Tool" that allows customers who have installed games containing the SecuROM activation scheme to "de-authorize" a computer, freeing up one of the five machine "slots" to be used on another machine.[117]
On June 24, 2009, EA announced a change in its approach to preventing copyright infringement of PC games. While eliminating the DRM that uniquely identifies a machine, the plan described a replacement with a traditional CD-key check. With an emphasis on downloaded content, the plan moved toward software as a service.[118] In 2013, EA received criticism regarding its persistent online authentication system as implemented in the SimCity reboot.[119][120]
Advertising[edit]
In 2009, EA arranged a fake protest outside the Electronic Entertainment Expo to draw attention to the game Dante's Inferno.[121] Ostensibly Christian protestors bore placards objecting to the game's themes involving hell and damnation, and it was not clear until several days later that the event had been staged. Several Christian bloggers criticized the event for perpetuating negative stereotypes about Christians.
A 2011 advertising campaign for Dead Space 2 featured older women reacting negatively to the game with the campaign slogan "Your mom hates Dead Space 2". Two hundred women had been selected for their conservative values and lack of familiarity with video games, and their reactions to a screening of the game were featured in EA's web and TV advertisements.[122] The campaign was at first admired, but soon described as sexist and ageist, with some claiming that it was reinforcing outdated stereotypes against female and older gamers.[123][124][125][126] As of 2010, 40% of video game players were women and the average game player was 34 years old.[127]
On February 24, 2011, the Extra Credits team (at the time on The Escapist) published the episode "An Open Letter to EA Marketing", denouncing Electronic Arts' marketing decisions for the Dante's Inferno, Medal of Honor and Dead Space 2 releases. They argue that EA's decisions to hire fake protesters and market games solely on shock value, while neglecting to defend the Medal of Honor on a First Amendment basis for letting the player play as the Taliban, have been hurtful to the gaming industry. They also argue that the advertisements are counterproductive to Electronic Arts' wishes to elevate games to an art medium as demonstrated in the 1980s Electronic Arts ad 'Can a Computer Make You Cry?'.[128][129]
Mass Effect 3's ending was poorly received by both critics and fans due to the inconsistencies between statements by BioWare staff during the game's development and the form the endings ultimately took.[130][131][132][133] Displeased by the ending, one player took his complaint to the Federal Trade Commission, the agency created to protect consumers. His argument was that BioWare did not deliver on the promise of its game, saying the end product did not match with the advertising campaign and PR interviews for the game.[134] The U.S. Better Business Bureau also responded to the controversy, supporting claims by fans that BioWare falsely advertised the player's "complete" control over the game's final outcome.[135][136] The UK's Advertising Standards Authority disagreed, ruling that EA and BioWare were not guilty of false advertisement since the endings were "thematically quite different", and the choices and readiness rating reflected in the ending content were significant enough to avoid actionable misleading of consumers under existing law.[137]
According to a Reddit administrator and a former moderator of the subreddit devoted to the 2015 Star Wars Battlefront, moderators removed posts critical of the game at the direction of EA personnel in exchange for pre-release access to the game.[138]
LGBT controversies[edit]
See also: Gender representation in video games § Portrayal of LGBT characters
EA has been noted for its inclusion of LGBT characters in games, and was among the companies given a perfect LGBT workplace score by the Human Rights Campaign in 2014.[139]
The positive portrayals of LGBT characters in games by EA subsidiary BioWare have motivated fan support and also backlash.[140] Several employees involved in Dragon Age II received hate mail and threats following its release.[140][141] BioWare lead writer David Gaider responded to a fan upset by the game's bisexual romances, denying the fan's ability to speak for all straight male gamers and writing, "the person who says that the only way to please them is to restrict options for others is, if you ask me, the one who deserves it least."[142]
Over the years from 2006 through 2012, various quotes both truly and falsely attributed to BioWare writer Jennifer Hepler were circulated online by fans who considered her emblematic of their complaints.[143] After one quote from a 2006 interview was used to link Hepler with unpopular changes to Dragon Age II's combat systems, Hepler was harassed by telephone and online.[141] The issue tapped into longstanding discontent over games being simplified to appeal to broader audiences.[143] Backlash was also related to Hepler's writing for Anders, the character that prompted the "straight male gamer" complaint.[143][144] According to Susana Polo in The Mary Sue, Hepler's gender may have intensified the harassment she experienced, but it was more directly the result of her being scapegoated for EA's pivot towards casual gamers.[144]
EA refused to abandon plans to add gay romances to Star Wars: The Old Republic that were opposed by the Family Research Council.[145] An online petition gathered more than 60,000 signatures in support of EA's decision before the petition became compromised by automated spam signatures.[146] The automated signatures were discovered by Reddit and 4chan users, who accused EA of using the issue to link broader criticism of EA with homophobia.[146] When eventually added to the game, the same-sex romances were ridiculed for being confined to a single "gay planet".[147]
The Consumerist rating as "Worst Company in America"[edit]
In April 2012, The Consumerist awarded EA with the title of "Worst Company in America" along with a ceremonial Golden Poo trophy.[148] The record-breaking poll drew in more than 250,000 votes and saw EA beating out such regulars as AT&T and Walmart. The final round of voting pitted EA against Bank of America. EA won with 50,575 votes or 64.03%.[149] This result came in the aftermath of the Mass Effect 3 ending controversy which several commentators viewed as a significant contribution to EA's win in the poll.[149][150] Other explanations include use of day-one DLC and EA's habit of acquiring smaller developers to squash competition.[151] EA spokesman John Reseburg responded to the poll by saying, "We're sure that bank presidents, oil, tobacco and weapons companies are all relieved they weren't on the list this year. We're going to continue making award-winning games and services played by more than 300 million people worldwide."[152][153]
In April 2013, EA won The Consumerist's poll for "Worst Company in America" a second time, consecutively, becoming the first company to do so. Games mentioned in the announcement included the critically controversial Mass Effect 3 for its ending, Dead Space 3 for its use of micro transactions, and the more recent SimCity reboot due to its poorly handled launch. Additionally, poor customer support, "nickel and diming", and public dismissiveness of criticisms were also given as explanations for the results of the poll. The Consumerist summarized the results by asking, "When we live in an era marked by massive oil spills, faulty foreclosures by bad banks, and rampant consolidation in the airline and telecom industry, what does it say about EA’s business practices that so many people have — for the second year in a row — come out to hand it the title of Worst Company in America?"[154]
When asked about the poll by VentureBeat, Frank Gibeau, President of EA Labels, responded "we take it seriously, and want to see it change. In the last few months, we have started making changes to the business practices that gamers clearly don’t like."[155] Gibeau attributes the elimination of online passes, the decision to make The Sims 4 a single-player, offline experience, as well as the unveiling of more new games to the shift in thinking. "The point is we are listening, and we are changing," Gibeau said.[155]
Dungeon Keeper Mobile app store vote manipulation[edit]
In 2013, EA released Dungeon Keeper Mobile, a free-to-play mobile variant of the popular 1990's strategy game Dungeon Keeper. The game was poorly received by both game critics and users. Critics noted that an in-game prompt claimed that "5-star ratings from you help us provide free updates!", suggesting that the games' creators would stop providing new content if players did not give the game sufficiently high ratings. The rating system involved a redirect process to the mobile storefront on which the game was sold; it was also pointed out that if players rated the game anything less than 5 stars, the game would not redirect them and not actually cast their vote, never indicating this to the user. This led to accusations of EA fraudulently manipulating the game's rating system and its subsequent score on mobile storefronts.[156]
In June 2014, Electronic Arts CEO Andrew Wilson made a public apology for the game, stating that it was a "shame" that he regretted.[157]
In July 2014, the UK-based Advertising Standards Authority banned a Dungeon Keeper Mobile ad from broadcast, stating that the advertisement "deliberately misled consumers" and made false statements about the game's pricing and free-to-play nature.[158] Later that same month Frank Gibeau, head of EA's mobile division, stated that the game's failure was attributed to audiences "not being ready" and that the game "innovated too much". These remarks resulted in backlash from game journalist media and users alike.[159]
See also[edit]


San Francisco Bay Area portal
Companies portal



History of video games
List of Electronic Arts games

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Electronic Arts Inc. Fiscal Year 2016 Proxy Statement and Annual Report" (PDF). Electronic Arts. Archived (PDF) from the original on March 26, 2017. Retrieved March 25, 2017. 
^ Grub, Jeff (April 20, 2015). "Gaming’s top 25 public companies generated $54.1B in revenue last year". VentureBeat. Archived from the original on April 5, 2016. Retrieved March 23, 2016. 
^ Davison, Pete. "E3: EA's Press Conference: The Round-Up". GamePro. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. 
^ "About Us | Locations". Electronic Arts. Archived from the original on August 19, 2011. 
^ Curtis, Tom. "EA reorganizes after a landmark $1B digital year". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. 
^ Totilo, Stephen. "This is What EA’s Up To (On the Day Zynga Hired One of Their Top Guys)". Kotaku. Archived from the original on January 5, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2017. 
^ "EA.com Acquires Leading Games Destination pogo.com". GameZone. February 28, 2001. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Schonfeld, Erick (November 9, 2009). "Not Playing Around. EA Buys Playfish For $300 Million, Plus a $100 Million Earnout". TechCrunch. Archived from the original on September 25, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Wingfield, Nick (June 3, 2011). "EA to Test Its Might Online". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "EA to Acquire NFS world hack". Archived from the original on August 19, 2014. 
^ Curtis, Tom. "EA reorganizes after a landmark $1B digital year". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2017. 
^ "Electronic Arts entry". Sequoiacap.com. Archived from the original on March 8, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Keefer, John (March 31, 2006). "GameSpy Retro: Developer Origins". GameSpy. Archived from the original on May 31, 2009. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Fleming, Jeffrey (February 12, 2007). "We See Farther - A History of Electronic Arts". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution By Steven Levy, page 335
^ a b "EA Studios: The 32-Bit Generation". Next Generation. Imagine Media (11): 97–99. November 1995. 
^ a b "The History of the Pinball Construction Set: Launching Millions of Creative Possibilities". Gamasutra.com. Archived from the original on March 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Jimmy Maher: The Future was Here, a book published by MIT press, 2012
^ "Electronic Arts Inks Pact With Nintendo". Computer Gaming World. May 1990. p. 50. Archived from the original on December 3, 2013. Retrieved November 16, 2013. 
^ "PlayStation Dominates European Show". Next Generation. Imagine Media (6): 15. June 1995. 
^ "EA Redwood Shores". Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. 
^ "Electronic Arts cuts staff by 5 percent". GameSpot. Archived from the original on April 1, 2014. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Electronic Arts To Acquire Mythic Entertainment". Gamasutra.com. June 20, 2006. Archived from the original on February 14, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Surette, Tim (December 13, 2004). "Big Deal: EA and NFL ink exclusive licensing agreement". GameSpot. Archived from the original on November 13, 2014. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "All Madden, all the time". ESPN. December 14, 2004. Archived from the original on December 7, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA Puts it "In the Game"". Archive.gamespy.com. Archived from the original on March 20, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA moves towards new IPs". Gamesindustry.biz. November 30, 2006. Archived from the original on July 21, 2007. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA to Supply Games for Nokia Mobile Devices | Game Guru". Gameguru.in. September 14, 2006. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ Crecente, Brian (December 8, 2014). "Larry Probst, Electronic Arts' Executive Chairman, Steps Down from Company and Remains on Board". Polygon. Archived from the original on September 24, 2015. Retrieved August 6, 2015. 
^ "EA Announces New Company Structure". Gamasutra.com. June 18, 2007. Archived from the original on February 14, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Kohler, Chris (February 8, 2008). "EA's CEO: How I Learned To Acquire Developers And Not *** Them Up". Blog.wired.com. Archived from the original on April 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Schiesel, Seth (February 19, 2008). "A Company Looks to Its Creative Side to Regain What It Had Lost". The New York Times. Archived from the original on May 12, 2011. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ "EA ships four Mac games". MacWorld. March 17, 2009. Archived from the original on November 11, 2015. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Terdiman, Daniel (February 24, 2008). "EA tries to buy Take-Two to keep its top spot". CNET. Archived from the original on September 23, 2015. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ McWhertor, Michael (December 20, 2007). "Take-two Interactive: Analyst "Convinced" That Take-Two Will Be Swallowed". Kotaku. Archived from the original on December 23, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Dinsey, Stuart (February 7, 2008). "Viacom to buy Take Two for $1.5 billion?". MCVUK. Archived from the original on September 11, 2014. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Electronic Arts to acquire Korean mobile developer". Associated Press. May 22, 2008. Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "Electronic Arts drops buyout bid for rival". CTV News. Archived from the original on June 28, 2012. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Crecente, Brian (November 6, 2008). "Electronic Arts: Electronic Arts Ditches Casual Label, Merges It With The Sims". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on March 19, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Crecente, Brian (October 30, 2008). "Electronic Arts: Electronic Arts Lays Off Six Hundred". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on April 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ McWhertor, Michael (October 30, 2008). "Things Are Tough All Over: EA Loses $310 million, Sees "Weakness At Retail" In October". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on December 19, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Wolverton, Troy (February 3, 2009). "Electronic Arts has lousy quarter; slashes 1,100 jobs". The Mercury News. Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. Retrieved May 2, 2009. 
^ "EA loss widens after weak holiday season". The Orlando Sentinel. Associated Press. February 4, 2009. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved May 2, 2009. 
^ Webster, Andrew (June 24, 2009). "EA combines BioWare and Mythic into new RPG/MMO group". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on June 25, 2009. Retrieved June 25, 2009. 
^ BioWare Community Team (September 18, 2012). "RAY MUZYKA & GREG ZESCHUK RETIRE". BioWare. Archived from the original on August 24, 2013. Retrieved September 6, 2013. 
^ Muzyka, Ray (September 18, 2012). "FROM RAY MUZYKA". BioWare. Archived from the original on March 21, 2015. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Zeschuk, Greg (September 18, 2012). "FROM GREG ZESCHUK". BioWare. Archived from the original on March 21, 2015. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Yukari Iwatani, Kane (November 9, 2009). "EA to Acquire Playfish for $275 million". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved November 9, 2009. 
^ "Electronic Arts posts loss, to cut jobs". Reuters. November 9, 2009. Archived from the original on May 14, 2012. Retrieved November 9, 2009. 
^ Crecente, Brian. "Confirmed: EA Closes Pandemic Studios, Says Brand Will Live On". Archived from the original on November 19, 2009. Retrieved November 17, 2009. 
^ "EA buys Angry Birds publisher Chillingo". LA times. October 20, 2010. Archived from the original on October 23, 2010. Retrieved October 21, 2010. 
^ "Electronic Arts Announces Change in Executive Leadership". Electronic Arts. Archived from the original on March 19, 2013. Retrieved March 18, 2013. 
^ Cutler, Kim-Mai (April 25, 2013). "Here’s EA’s Internal Memo On The Layoffs Today". TechCrunch. AOL. Archived from the original on May 4, 2013. Retrieved May 8, 2013. 
^ Paczkowski, John (May 9, 2013). "EA Reboot Cost 900 Jobs". All Things Digital. Dow Jones. Archived from the original on May 13, 2013. Retrieved May 8, 2013. 
^ Sarker, Samit (May 6, 2013). "EA and Disney sign exclusive deal for rights to Star Wars games". Polygon. Archived from the original on April 27, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ Machkovech, Sam (May 5, 2015). "Respawn has been working on a Star Wars action-adventure game for two years". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on May 5, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ "Andrew Wilson named EA CEO". Gamespot. Archived from the original on October 23, 2013. Retrieved September 18, 2013. 
^ Handrahan, Matthew. "EA is closing two-thirds of its core free-to-play games". gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on May 11, 2015. Retrieved May 10, 2015. 
^ Futter, Mike (June 16, 2015). "EA's Future Includes More Smaller Games Like Unravel". Game Informer. Archived from the original on June 20, 2015. Retrieved June 16, 2015. 
^ Pereira, Chris (December 10, 2015). "EA Launching Its Own Competitive Gaming Division Headed by Peter Moore". GameSpot. Archived from the original on December 13, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Makuch, Eddie (May 17, 2016). "EA Forms New Team to Explore Future Tech, Including Virtual Humans for VR". GameSpot. Archived from the original on May 21, 2016. Retrieved May 18, 2016. 
^ Totilo, Stephen. "The Unexpected Gamer Who Runs EA". Kotaku. Archived from the original on June 24, 2010. 
^ "EDGAR Online via Yahoo! Finance, Electronic Arts FY 2008 10K Filing". Yahoo.brand.edgar-online.com. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b "EA restructuring corporate positions, Patrick Söderlund to take over as head of EA Sports". VG247.com. Archived from the original on November 3, 2013. 
^ "The Sims Boss Lucy Bradshaw Leaves EA After 23 Years". GameSpot. Archived from the original on September 25, 2015. Retrieved May 19, 2016. 
^ Hall, Charlie (June 10, 2017). "SEED is a stealthy, high-tech incubator inside EA". Polygon. Archived from the original on June 10, 2017. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ Davidson, John (June 10, 2017). "EA Boss Andrew Wilson's Vision of Gaming's Future Will Blow Your Mind". Glixel. Archived from the original on June 12, 2017. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ Kerr, Chris (June 12, 2017). "EA opens 'SEED' game tech research division". Gamasutra. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ "1995: The Calm Before the Storm?". Next Generation. Imagine Media (13): 38. January 1996. 
^ Davis, Ian (September 27, 2013). "Exclusive: EA Shutters North Carolina Studio". The Escapist. Archived from the original on December 6, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Futter, Mike (November 4, 2014). "EA Terminates Development Of MOBA Dawngate, Service Ends In 90 Days". Game Informer. Archived from the original on October 8, 2016. 
^ "EA Partners signs new Insomniac game | Games Industry | MCV". Mcvuk.com. May 25, 2010. Archived from the original on May 11, 2011. Retrieved March 19, 2011. 
^ "Funcom and Electronic Arts to co-publish ‘The Secret World’ MMO – The Secret World Official Forums". Darkdemonscrygaia.com. January 10, 2011. Archived from the original on May 11, 2011. Retrieved March 19, 2011. 
^ Fahey, Mike (June 12, 2016). "EA Originals Gives Big Support To Small Games". Kotaku. Archived from the original on June 12, 2016. Retrieved June 12, 2016. 
^ Ashcraft, Brian (January 8, 2008). "2008 Tech Emmy Winners". Kotaku. Archived from the original on September 29, 2012. Retrieved August 30, 2012. In 2008, Pinball Construction Set was awarded at the 59th Annual Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards for User Generated Content/Game Modification 
^ Massey, Dana (October 11, 2005). ""The Conquest of Origin", page 2". Escapistmagazine.com. Archived from the original on February 12, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Many believe Ultima IX was unfairly maligned because of rushed development schedule". Pc.gamespy.com. May 7, 2004. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Ultima VIII received poorly by fans". Gamefaqs.com. Archived from the original on June 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Ultima IX received poorly by fans". Gamefaqs.com. Archived from the original on April 18, 2010. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Thorsen, Tor (July 15, 2008). "E3 2008: Video Q&A: Carmack on 'one-game' id-EA deal". GameSpot. CBS Interactive. Archived from the original on August 15, 2011. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Zealot, Funky (February 25, 2004). "EA to Shut Down Origin Systems". GamePro. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Matei, Robert (October 17, 2006). "EA Closes Down Warrington Studio – Another development studio shut down". Softpedia. Archived from the original on June 9, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Sinclair, Brendan (October 6, 2006). "EA shuts down DICE Canada". GameSpot. Archived from the original on March 29, 2014. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Nutt, Christian (January 26, 2005). "Layoffs and Restructuring at EA LA". 1UP.com. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Electronic Arts buys stake in Ubisoft in "hostile" act". Gamespot. Archived from the original on January 17, 2016. 
^ Miller, Ross (May 29, 2007). "Ubisoft president 'still considering' EA acquisition". Joystiq. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Makuch, Eddie (July 16, 2010). "Electronic Arts sells its stake in Ubisoft". GameSpot. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Electronic Arts Sells 15% Stake In France's Ubisoft". The Glass Garden. July 16, 2010. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "The original ea_spouse blog entry". LiveJournal. Archived from the original on February 15, 2016. 
^ Feldman, Curt (November 11, 2004). "Employees readying class-action lawsuit against EA". Gamespot.com. Archived from the original on November 13, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Programmers Win EA Overtime Settlement, EA_Spouse Revealed". Gamasutra.com. Archived from the original on April 29, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "'Big corporation' does a turnaround". Archived from the original on July 23, 2012. Retrieved August 29, 2012. 
^ "'EA_Spouse' Hoffman: Quality Of Life Still Issue, Despite EA Improvement". Gamasutra.com. May 13, 2008. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Sinclair, Brendan (November 30, 2006). "Analyst: EA brand tarnished". Gamespot.com. Archived from the original on October 18, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Reimer, Jeremy (December 1, 2006). "EA brand "tarnished" according to analyst". Arstechnica.com. Archived from the original on October 20, 2012. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA innovation crawls along at "snail's pace"". Gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on January 22, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA CEO John Riccitiello: More innovation is needed in videogames". Gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on January 22, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "BioWare/Pandemic deal goes through". Archived from the original on September 21, 2012. Retrieved August 29, 2012. 
^ Dietz, Jason. "Metacritic's 3rd Annual Game Publisher Rankings". metacritic.com. Archived from the original on May 8, 2013. 
^ "EA Class-Action Lawsuit: 'Battlefield 4' Bugs And 'BF4' DLC Problems Trigger Suit; Electronic Arts Denies Wrongdoing". Archived from the original on December 23, 2013. 
^ "Anti-trust lawsuit over exclusive license contracts" (PDF). Archived (PDF) from the original on May 10, 2011. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ Kuchera, Ben (June 12, 2008). "Lawsuit flags EA for illegal procedure on football monopoly". Arstechnica. Archived from the original on October 1, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Kravets, David (January 6, 2015). "NFL players win appeals court ruling in EA Madden NFL flap". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on July 10, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ Kravets, David (March 21, 2016). "Supreme Court punts in 1st Amendment Madden NFL legal fight". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on July 7, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ Kravets, David (June 28, 2016). "EA punts, gives $600k to former football star in Madden NFL rights flap". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on June 28, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ "EA Sports settles suits, thousands of players eligible for money". Archived from the original on September 27, 2013. 
^ Eder, Steve (September 26, 2013). "E.A. Sports Settles Lawsuit With College Athletes". The New York Times. Archived from the original on February 19, 2017. 
^ Rovell, Darren (September 28, 2013). "Players to receive $40 million". ESPN. Archived from the original on July 21, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ "Copyright row dogs Spore release". BBC News. September 10, 2008. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Spore's Piracy Problem". Forbes. September 12, 2008. Archived from the original on November 7, 2008. Retrieved November 18, 2008. 
^ Ernesto (September 13, 2008). "Spore: Most Pirated Game Ever Thanks to DRM". TorrentFreak. Archived from the original on September 15, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "EA Sticking With SecuROM (Though Red Alert 3's Will Go A Little Easier On You)". Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "A copy of the Spore complaint filed" (PDF). CourtHouseNews.com. Archived (PDF) from the original on January 17, 2016. 
^ Faylor, Chris (September 24, 2008). "Spore DRM Prompts $5M Class Action Lawsuit". ShackNews. Archived from the original on September 25, 2008. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ Fahey, Mike (September 24, 2008). "Class Action Lawsuit Arises Over Spore DRM". Kotaku. Archived from the original on September 27, 2008. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ "Spore Creature Creator Demo prompts class action". Archived from the original on December 10, 2008. 
^ "EA Releases DRM License Deactivation Tool". slashdot.org. March 31, 2009. Archived from the original on April 21, 2009. Retrieved April 3, 2009. 
^ "EA's new motto: please pirate our games... er, storefronts". Ars Technica. June 24, 2009. Archived from the original on June 25, 2009. Retrieved June 25, 2009. 
^ "We are the SimCity dev team from Maxis. AMAA!". Maxis. Archived from the original on December 18, 2012. Retrieved December 24, 2012. 
^ "Cloud Computing is Why the New SimCity Needs an Always-On Connection, Studio Says". Kotaku. December 26, 2012. Archived from the original on December 30, 2012. Retrieved December 27, 2012. 
^ Pigna, Kris (June 13, 2009). "EA's Fake Dante's Inferno Protest Spurs Real Christian Backlash". 1UP.com. [permanent dead link]
^ Benedetti, Winda. "Your Mama Plays 'Dead Space 2'". Archived from the original on January 25, 2011. 
^ Glen M. "Shame on EA". Archived from the original on January 26, 2011. 
^ Tilley, Steve. "Dead Space 2 overcomes familiarity factor". Archived from the original on February 1, 2011. 
^ Tassi, Paul (January 24, 2011). "EA Using Mom’s Disapproval to Sell Dead Space 2". Forbes. Archived from the original on February 2, 2011. 
^ Williams, Mary Elizabeth. ""Dead Space 2": Your mom doesn't want you to play this video game". Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "Essential Facts About The Computer And Video Game Industry" (PDF). Entertainment Software Association. Archived (PDF) from the original on November 26, 2015. 
^ Electronic Arts. "Electronic Arts: Can a Computer Make You Cry?". Archived from the original on July 18, 2010. 
^ Extra Credits. "Extra Credits: An Open Letter to EA Marketing". Archived from the original on January 4, 2012. 
^ Hornshaw, Phil (March 9, 2012). "Player Starts Poll Asking BioWare for New Mass Effect 3 Ending". GameFront. Archived from the original on March 13, 2012. Retrieved March 10, 2012. 
^ Sterling, Jim (March 10, 2012). "Mass Effect 3 fans petition BioWare to change the ending". Destructoid. Archived from the original on March 14, 2012. Retrieved March 10, 2012. 
^ Langshaw, Mark (March 11, 2012). "'Mass Effect 3' fans campaign to change ending". Digital Spy. Archived from the original on March 16, 2012. Retrieved March 11, 2012. 
^ Molina, Brett (March 19, 2012). "BioWare: No decision yet on 'Mass Effect 3' ending". USA Today. Archived from the original on March 21, 2012. Retrieved March 19, 2012. 
^ Gregory, Jon (March 17, 2012). "Mass Effect 3 Ending Fighter Goes To The FTC - News". www.GameInformer.com. Archived from the original on April 19, 2012. Retrieved April 22, 2012. 
^ "Better Business Bureau Says BioWare Falsely Advertised Mass Effect 3 - Softpedia". Softpedia. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. Retrieved April 13, 2012. 
^ "Mass Effect 3 falsely advertised, says BBB - GameSpot.com". GameSpot. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. Retrieved April 13, 2012. 
^ "BioWare and EA cleared of ME3 advertising kerfuffle". ScrewAttack.com. Retrieved August 15, 2012. 
^ Lemon, Marshall (November 13, 2015). "EA Rep May Have Influenced Reddit Mods To Censor Battlefront Critics". The Escapist. Archived from the original on November 17, 2015. 
^ Farokhmanesh, Megan (November 26, 2014). "EA scores top marks for LGBT equability in the workplace". Polygon. Archived from the original on January 5, 2016. 
^ a b "BioWare writer received death threats to family". Metro. August 16, 2013. Archived from the original on February 20, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Crecente, Brian (August 15, 2013). "Plague of game dev harassment erodes industry, spurs support groups". Polygon. Archived from the original on November 30, 2015. 
^ Fahey, Mike (March 24, 2011). "Dragon Age II Writer Eloquently Defends The Game's Sexuality Balance". Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b c Griffiths, Daniel Nye (February 21, 2012). "The Changing Face of Games: Feeling Angry and Ignored, Fans Look for Someone to Blame". Forbes. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Polo, Susana (February 20, 2012). "Inclusion: What Jennifer Hepler’s Story is All About". Archived from the original on February 21, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Chalk, Andy (January 27, 2012). "Family Research Council Warns of Gay Relationships in The Old Republic". The Escapist. Archived from the original on March 11, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Serrels, Mark (April 11, 2012). "Star Wars: The Old Republic Petition Attacked By Hackers, Temporarily Shut Down". Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Hamilton, Mary (January 25, 2013). "Star Wars: The Old Republic, the gay planet and the problem of the straight male gaze". The Guardian. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Morran, Chris (April 4, 2012). "The Voters Have Spoken: EA Is Your Worst Company In America For 2012!". Consumerist. Archived from the original on August 7, 2012. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ a b Gaudiosi, John (April 7, 2012). "Electronic Arts Named Worst Company in America". The Hollywood Reporter. Archived from the original on May 11, 2012. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (April 8, 2012). "EA, named America's worst company, tries to make amends". CNET. CBS Interactive. Archived from the original on February 21, 2014. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Tiffany (April 4, 2012). "Electronic Arts: 'Worst company in America'? Consumerist says yes". Los Angeles Times. Archived from the original on October 27, 2012. 
^ Brightman, James (April 4, 2012). "EA responds to "worst company" label from Consumerist". gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on October 24, 2013. Retrieved July 9, 2013. 
^ Kain, Erik (April 4, 2012). "EA Responds To 'Worst Company' Award By Mentioning Past Winners". Forbes. Archived from the original on July 20, 2013. Retrieved July 9, 2013. 
^ Morran, Chris (April 9, 2013). "EA Makes Worst Company In America History, Wins Title For Second Year In A Row!". Consumerist. Archived from the original on November 9, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ a b Takahashi, Dean. "EA exec Frank Gibeau: Betting on next-gen consoles, mobile, and doing right by consumers (interview)". VentureBeat. Archived from the original on July 28, 2013. 
^ Webster, Andrew (September 30, 2013). "EA steers angry customers away from reviewing games at Google Play". The Verge. Archived from the original on February 10, 2014. Retrieved February 11, 2014. 
^ Owen, Phil (June 29, 2014). "EA CEO Wilson: Dungeon Keeper Mobile Was 'A Shame'". Kotaku. Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 27, 2015. Retrieved March 18, 2015. 
^ Yin-Poole, Wesley (July 2, 2014). "UK watchdog bans Dungeon Keeper ad, accuses EA of "misleading" customers". Eurogamer. Archived from the original on January 9, 2015. Retrieved January 8, 2015. 
^ Davis, Ian (July 9, 2014). "EA: Dungeon Keeper Failed by "Innovating Too Much"". Escapist. Escapist Magazine. Archived from the original on April 2, 2015. Retrieved March 18, 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Sinclair, Brendan (January 4, 2006). "Innovation: does size matter?". GameSpot. CBS Interactive. 
ea_spouse (November 10, 2004). "EA: The Human Story". LiveJournal. Archived from the original on February 15, 2016. 
Becker, David (March 8, 2005). "Game makers see workplace changes". CNET. CBS Interactive. 
Totilo, Stephen (September 12, 2006). "What's The 'Coolest Job Ever'? Electronic Arts' Summer Interns Tell Their Story". MTV. Viacom International. 
Deck, Stewart (December 19, 2000). "Six Degrees of Hire Learning". ITworld. IDG Communications. 
Varney, Allen (October 11, 2005). "The Conquest of Origin". The Escapist. Defy Media. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Electronic Arts.



Official website



Business data for Electronic Arts, Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Electronic Arts



Employees





Founder




Trip Hawkins






Current




Larry Probst (Executive Chairman)
Andrew Wilson (CEO)
Patrick Söderlund (EVP)
Will Wright
Joe Ybarra






Former




Bing Gordon
Don Mattrick
Jeff Green
Ralph Guggenheim
Robin Hunicke
Greg Kasavin
Peter Moore
John Riccitiello











Subsidiaries





Current




BioWare
Criterion Games
EA Canada
EA DICE

DICE Los Angeles


EA Mobile
EA Montreal
EA Salt Lake
EA Singapore
EA Sports
EA Tiburon
European Integration Studio
Firemonkeys Studios
Ghost Games
Maxis
Motive Studios
PopCap Games
The Sims Studio
Visceral Games






Defunct




Bullfrog Productions
Danger Close Games
EA Black Box
EA Bright Light
EA Chicago
EA Phenomic
EA UK
Kesmai
Mythic Entertainment
Origin Systems
Pandemic Studios
Playfish
Victory Games
Westwood Studios








Franchises



Army of Two
Battlefield
Bejeweled
Burnout
Command & Conquer
Crysis
Dead Space
Dragon Age
FIFA
Madden NFL
Mass Effect
Medal of Honor
Mirror's Edge
NBA Live
NCAA Football
Need for Speed
NHL
Plants vs. Zombies
Rock Band
SimCity
Skate
Star Wars: Battlefront
Spore
SSX
The Sims
Ultima
Wing Commander





Related



EA Access
Origin
Pogo.com
RenderWare
Frostbite
Ignite
List of acquisitions by Electronic Arts
List of Electronic Arts games






Category










v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecommunications Corporation

China Telecom


China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Sim video games



SimCity series





Main games




SimCity (1989)
SimCity 2000
SimCity 3000
SimCity 4

Rush Hour


SimCity (2013)






Other games




64
DS
Societies
Snap City
DS 2
Creator
Social








The Sims series





Main games




The Sims
The Sims 2
The Sims 3
The Sims 4






Other games




Online
Bustin' Out
The Urbz
Life Stories
Pet Stories
Castaway Stories
Medieval

Pirates and Nobles


Social
FreePlay






MySims




MySims
Kingdom
Party
Racing
Agents
SkyHeroes








Spore





Expansions




Galactic Adventures






Spin-offs




Creature Creator
Creatures
Origins
Hero
Hero Arena
Darkspore






Other




Development








Sim



SimEarth
SimAnt
SimLife
SimFarm
SimRefinery
SimTower
SimHealth
SimIsle
SimTown
SimPark
SimGolf
SimTunes
Sim Theme Park
SimCopter
Streets of SimCity
SimSafari
SimCoaster
Sid Meier's SimGolf
SimMars (cancelled)
SimAnimals





Related articles



Simlish
Electronic Arts
Maxis
Will Wright
Lincity
Yoot Tower
The Tower SP
BeyondSims






 Category







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137191582
LCCN: n93043443
ISNI: 0000 0001 2291 0054
GND: 2149193-8
SUDOC: 086228811
BNF: cb140318401 (data)
BNE: XX132366










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Electronic_Arts&oldid=790722573"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQ1982 establishments in CaliforniaAcademy of Interactive Arts & Sciences membersCompanies based in Redwood City, CaliforniaElectronic ArtsEntertainment companies based in CaliforniaEntertainment companies established in 1982Entertainment Software AssociationInternational Game Developers Association membersMac software companiesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesSoftware companies based in the San Francisco Bay AreaVideo game companies based in CaliforniaVideo game companies established in 1982Video game companies of the United StatesVideo game development companiesVideo game publishersWargame companiesHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles that may be too long from February 2017Use mdy dates from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2016Articles with unsourced statements from August 2007Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתქართულიLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиBahasa MelayuМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 15 July 2017, at 17:35.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Electronic Arts - Wikipedia






















 






Electronic Arts

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"EA" redirects here. For other uses, see EA (disambiguation).





This article may be too long to read and navigate comfortably. Please consider splitting content into sub-articles, condensing it, or adding or removing subheadings. (February 2017)



Electronic Arts Inc.





The EA headquarters building at Redwood City, California in May 2011.




Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: EA
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Video game industry


Founded
May 27, 1982; 35 years ago (1982-05-27) in San Mateo, California, U.S.


Founder
Trip Hawkins


Headquarters
Redwood City, California, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Larry Probst (Chairman)
Andrew Wilson (CEO)





Products
Army of Two series
Battlefield series
Burnout series
Command & Conquer series
Crysis series
Dead Space series
Dragon Age series
FIFA series
Fight Night series
Madden NFL series
Mass Effect series
Medal of Honor series
NBA Live series
NCAA Football series
Need for Speed series
NHL series
Plants vs. Zombies series
Rock Band series
SimCity series
The Simpsons series
The Sims series
Skate series
SSX series
Star Wars series


Revenue
 US$4.396 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$898 million (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$1.156 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$7.050 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$3.396 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

8,500 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
List of Electronic Arts subsidiaries
BioWare
Criterion Games
EA Canada
EA Digital Illusions CE
EA Mobile
EA Montreal
EA Tiburon
Firemonkeys Studios
Ghost Games
Maxis
Motive Studios
PopCap Games
The Sims Studio
Visceral Games


Website
ea.com


Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) is an American video game company headquartered in Redwood City, California. Founded and incorporated on May 28, 1982 by Trip Hawkins, the company was a pioneer of the early home computer games industry and was notable for promoting the designers and programmers responsible for its games. As of 2014, Electronic Arts was the world's fourth-largest gaming company by revenue after Tencent, Sony and Microsoft [2] The company sparked controversies over its advertising efforts, and acquisition of other studios.
Currently, EA develops and publishes games under several labels including EA Sports titles FIFA, Madden NFL, NHL, NCAA Football, NBA Live, and SSX. Other EA labels produce established franchises such as Battlefield, Need for Speed, The Sims, Medal of Honor, Command & Conquer, as well as newer franchises such as Crysis, Dead Space, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, Army of Two, Titanfall and Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, produced in partnership with LucasArts.[3] EA also owns and operates major gaming studios, EA Tiburon in Orlando, EA Canada in Burnaby, BioWare in Edmonton as well as Montreal, and DICE in Sweden.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1982–2000 - The Beginning
1.2 2000–2007
1.3 2007–2013
1.4 2013–present


2 Electronic Arts company structure

2.1 EA Games
2.2 EA Sports
2.3 EA Maxis
2.4 EA All Play
2.5 SEED


3 Owned studios and partnership companies

3.1 Current
3.2 Defunct
3.3 EA Partners program
3.4 EA Originals program


4 Games by Electronic Arts

4.1 Upcoming titles


5 Controversies

5.1 Studio acquisition and management practices
5.2 Treatment of employees
5.3 Game quality
5.4 Sports licensing and exclusivity
5.5 EULA and DRM
5.6 Advertising
5.7 LGBT controversies
5.8 The Consumerist rating as "Worst Company in America"
5.9 Dungeon Keeper Mobile app store vote manipulation


6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



History[edit]
The company began developing games in-house and supported consoles by the early 1990s. EA later grew via acquisition of several successful developers. By the early 2000s, EA had become one of the world's largest third-party publishers. On May 4, 2011, EA reported $3.8 billion in revenues for the fiscal year ending March 2011, and on January 13, 2012, EA announced that it had exceeded $1 billion in digital revenue during the previous calendar year.[5] In a note to employees, EA CEO John Riccitiello called this "an incredibly important milestone" for the company.[6] EA began to move toward direct distribution of digital games and services with the acquisition of the popular online gaming site Pogo.com in 2001.[7] In 2009, EA acquired the London-based social gaming startup Playfish,[8] and in June 2011, EA launched Origin, an online service to sell downloadable games directly to consumers.[9] There is also a "On The House" feature in Origin that lets you download full versions of EA games for free, it is updated regularly. In July 2011, EA announced that it had acquired PopCap Games, the company behind hits such as Plants vs. Zombies and Bejeweled.[10]
EA continued its shift toward digital goods in 2012, folding its mobile-focused EA Interactive (EAi) division "into other organizations throughout the company, specifically those divisions led by EA Labels president Frank Gibeau, COO Peter Moore, and CTO Rajat Taneja, and EVP of digital Kristian Segerstrale."[11]
1982–2000 - The Beginning[edit]




Founder of EA Trip Hawkins.


In February 1982, Trip Hawkins arranged a meeting with Don Valentine of Sequoia Capital[12] to discuss financing his new venture, Amazin' Software. Valentine encouraged Hawkins to leave Apple Inc., where Hawkins served as Director of Product Marketing, and allowed Hawkins use of Sequoia Capital's spare office space to start the company. On May 28, 1982, Trip Hawkins incorporated and established the company with a personal investment of an estimated US$200,000. The company was not named Amazin' Software, but instead Electronic Arts. Seven months later in December 1982, Hawkins secured US$2 million of venture capital from Sequoia Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, and Sevin Rosen Funds.




Electronic Arts' original corporate logo, 1982–2000.


For more than seven months, Hawkins refined his Electronic Arts business plan. With aid from his first employee (with whom he worked in marketing at Apple), Rich Melmon, the original plan was written, mostly by Hawkins, on an Apple II in Sequoia Capital's office in August 1982. During that time, Hawkins also employed two of his former staff from Apple, Dave Evans and Pat Marriott, as producers, and a Stanford MBA classmate, Jeff Burton from Atari for international business development. The business plan was again refined in September and reissued on October 8, 1982. By November, employee headcount rose to 11, including Tim Mott, Bing Gordon, David Maynard, and Steve Hayes.[13][14] Having outgrown the office space provided by Sequoia Capital, the company relocated to a San Mateo office that overlooked the San Francisco Airport landing path. Headcount rose rapidly in 1983, including Don Daglow, Richard Hilleman, Stewart Bonn, David Gardner, and Nancy Fong.
He recruited his original employees from Apple, Atari, Xerox PARC, and VisiCorp, and got Steve Wozniak to agree to sit on the board of directors.[15]
Hawkins was determined to sell directly to buyers. Combined with the fact that Hawkins was pioneering new game brands, this made sales growth more challenging. Retailers wanted to buy known brands from existing distribution partners. After more flyers were handed out, former CEO Larry Probst arrived as VP of Sales in late 1984 and helped the company sustain growth into US$18 million in its third full year.[citation needed] This policy of dealing directly with retailers gave EA higher margins and better market awareness, key advantages the company would leverage to leapfrog its early competitors.[16]
In December 1986, David Gardner and Mark Lewkaspais moved to the UK to open a European headquarters. Up until that point publishing of Electronic Arts Games, and the conversion of many of their games to compact cassette versions in Europe was handled by Ariolasoft.
Most of the early employees of the company disliked the Amazin' Software name that Hawkins had originally chosen when he incorporated the company.[13] While at Apple, Hawkins had enjoyed company offsite meetings at Pajaro Dunes and organized such a planning offsite for EA in October 1982.
Hawkins had developed the ideas of treating software as an art form and calling the developers, "software artists". Hence, the latest version of the business plan had suggested the name "SoftArt". However, Hawkins and Melmon knew the founders of Software Arts, the creators of VisiCalc, and thought their permission should be obtained. Dan Bricklin did not want the name used because it sounded too similar (perhaps "confusingly similar") to Software Arts. However, the name concept was liked by all the attendees. Hawkins had also recently read a best-selling book about the film studio, United Artists, and liked the reputation that the company had created. Early advisers Andy Berlin, Jeff Goodby, and Rich Silverstein (who would soon form their own ad agency Goodby, Silverstein & Partners) were also fans of that approach, and the discussion was led by Hawkins and Berlin. Hawkins said everyone had a vote but they would lose it if they went to sleep.[citation needed]
Hawkins liked the word "electronic", and various employees had considered the phrases "Electronic Artists" and "Electronic Arts". Other candidates included Gordon's suggestion of "Blue Light", a reference from the Disney film Tron.[citation needed] When Gordon and others pushed for "Electronic Artists", in tribute to the film company United Artists, Steve Hayes opposed, saying, "We're not the artists, they are..." meaning that the developers whose games EA would publish were the artists. This statement from Hayes immediately tilted sentiment towards Electronic Arts and the name was unanimously endorsed.[citation needed]
A novel approach to giving credit to its developers was one of EA's trademarks in its early days. This characterization was even further reinforced with EA's packaging of most of their games in the "album cover" pioneered by EA because Hawkins thought that a record album style would both save costs and convey an artistic feeling.[17] EA routinely referred to their developers as "artists" and gave them photo credits in their games and numerous full-page magazine ads. Their first such ad, accompanied by the slogan "We see farther," was the first video game advertisement to feature software designers.[16] EA also shared lavish profits with their developers, which added to their industry appeal. The square "album cover" boxes (such as the covers for 1983's M.U.L.E. and Pinball Construction Set) were a popular packaging concept by Electronic Arts, which wanted to represent their developers as "rock stars".[17]
In the mid-1980s Electronic Arts aggressively marketed products for the Commodore Amiga, a premier home computer of the late 1980s and early 1990s in Europe. Commodore had given EA development tools and prototype machines before Amiga's actual launch. For Amiga EA published some notable non-game titles. A drawing program Deluxe Paint (1985) and its subsequent versions became perhaps the most famous piece of software available for Amiga platform.[18] Other Amiga programs released by EA included Deluxe Music Construction Set, Deluxe Paint Animation and Instant Music. Some of them, most notably Deluxe Paint, were ported to other platforms. For Macintosh EA released a black & white animation tool called Studio/1, and a series of Paint titles called Studio/8 and Studio/32 (1990).
In 1988 EA published a flight simulator game exclusively for Amiga, F/A-18 Interceptor, which received attention due to its vector graphics that were notable for 1988 standards. Another significant Amiga release (also initially available for Atari ST, later converted for numerous other platforms) was Populous (1989) developed by Bullfrog Productions. It was a pioneering and influential title in the genre that was later called "god games".
In 1990, Electronic Arts began producing console games for the Nintendo Entertainment System, after previously licensing its computer games to other console-game publishers.[19] Eventually, Trip Hawkins left EA to found the now defunct 3DO Company.
In 1995 Electronic Arts won the European Computer Trade Show award for best software publisher of the year.[20]
2000–2007[edit]




Headquarters of EA in October 2007.


EA is headquartered in the Redwood Shores neighborhood of Redwood City, California.[21] Following the retirement and departure of Trip Hawkins in 2000, EA decided to replace its logo with a new one, and Larry Probst took over the reins.
In 2004, EA made a multimillion-dollar donation to fund the development of game production curriculum at the University of Southern California's Interactive Media Division. On February 1, 2006, Electronic Arts announced that it would cut worldwide staff by 5 percent.[22] On June 20, 2006 EA purchased Mythic Entertainment, who are finished making Warhammer Online.[23]
After Sega's ESPN NFL 2K5 successfully grabbed market share away from EA's dominant Madden NFL series during the 2004 holiday season, EA responded by making several large sports licensing deals which include an exclusive agreement with the NFL, and in January 2005, a 15-year deal with ESPN.[24] The ESPN deal gave EA exclusive first rights to all ESPN content for sports simulation games. On April 11, 2005, EA announced a similar, 6-year licensing deal with the Collegiate Licensing Company (CLC) for exclusive rights to college football content.[25]
Much of EA's success, both in terms of sales and with regards to its stock market valuation, is due to its strategy of platform-agnostic development and the creation of strong multi-year franchises. EA was the first publisher to release yearly updates of its sports franchises—Madden, FIFA, NHL, NBA Live, Tiger Woods, etc.—with updated player rosters and small graphical and gameplay tweaks.[26] Recognizing the risk of franchise fatigue among consumers, EA announced in 2006 that it would concentrate more of its effort on creating new original intellectual property.[27]
In September 2006, Nokia and EA announced a partnership in which EA becomes an exclusive major supplier of mobile games to Nokia mobile devices through the Nokia Content Discoverer. In the beginning, Nokia customers were able to download seven EA titles (Tetris, Tetris Mania, The Sims 2, Doom, FIFA 06, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 06 and FIFA Street 2) on the holiday season in 2006. Rick Simonson is the executive vice president and director of Nokia and starting from 2006 is affiliated with John Riccitiello and are partners.[28]
2007–2013[edit]
In February 2007, Probst stepped down from the CEO job while remaining on the Board of Directors. His handpicked successor is John Riccitiello, who had worked at EA for several years previously, departed for a while, and then returned.[29] Riccitiello previously worked for Elevation Partners, Sara Lee and PepsiCo. In June 2007, new CEO John Riccitiello announced that EA would reorganize itself into four labels, each with responsibility for its own product development and publishing (the city-state model). The goal of the reorganization was to empower the labels to operate more autonomously, streamline decision-making, increase creativity and quality, and get games into the market faster.[30] This reorganization came after years of consolidation and acquisition by EA of smaller studios, which some in the industry blamed for a decrease in quality of EA titles. In 2008, at the DICE Summit, Riccitiello called the earlier approach of "buy and assimilate" a mistake, often stripping smaller studios of its creative talent. Riccitiello said that the city-state model allows independent developers to remain autonomous to a large extent, and cited Maxis and BioWare as examples of studios thriving under the new structure.[31][32]
Also, in 2007, EA announced that it would be bringing some of its major titles to the Macintosh. EA has released Battlefield 2142, Command & Conquer: Tiberium Wars, Crysis, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Madden NFL 08, Need for Speed: Carbon and Spore for the Mac. All of the new games have been developed for the Macintosh using Cider, a technology developed by TransGaming that enables Intel-based Macs to run Windows games inside a translation layer running on Mac OS X. They are not playable on PowerPC-based Macs.[33]
In October 2007, EA purchased Super Computer International, a long-standing industry provider of game server hosting for development studios, who were currently developing the new Playlinc software. A week later they then purchased VG Holding Corp, the parent company of BioWare and Pandemic Studios.
It was revealed in February 2008 that Electronic Arts had made a takeover bid for rival game company Take-Two Interactive. After its initial offer of US$25 per share, all cash stock transaction offer was rejected by the Take-Two board, EA revised it to US$26 per share, a 64% premium over the previous day's closing price and made the offer known to the public.[34] Rumours had been floating around the Internet prior to the offer about Take-Two possibly being bought over by a bigger company, albeit with Viacom as the potential bidder.[35][36] In May 2008, EA announced that it will purchase the assets of Hands-On Mobile Korea, a South Korean mobile game developer and publisher. The company will become EA Mobile Korea.[37] In September 2008, EA dropped its buyout offer of Take-Two. No reason was given.[38]
As of November 6, 2008 it was confirmed that Electronic Arts is closing their Casual Label & merging it with their Hasbro partnership with The Sims Label.[39] EA also confirmed the departure of Kathy Vrabeck, who was given the position as former president of the EA Casual Division in May 2007. EA made this statement about the merger: "We've learned a lot about casual entertainment in the past two years, and found that casual gaming defies a single genre and demographic. With the retirement and departure of Kathy Vrabeck, EA is reorganizing to integrate casual games—development and marketing—into other divisions of our business. We are merging our Casual Studios, Hasbro partnership, and Casual marketing organization with The Sims Label to be a new Sims and Casual Label, where there is a deep compatibility in the product design, marketing and demographics. [...] In the days and weeks ahead, we will make further announcements on the reporting structure for the other businesses in the Casual Label including EA Mobile, Pogo, Media Sales and Online Casual Initiatives. Those businesses remain growth priorities for EA and deserve strong support in a group that will compliment their objectives."[40] This statement comes a week after EA announced it was laying off 6% about 600 of their staff positions and had a US$310 million net loss for the quarter.[41]
Due to the 2008 Economic Crisis, Electronic Arts had a poorer than expected 2008 holiday season, moving it in February 2009 to cut approximately 1100 jobs, which it said represented about 11% of its workforce. It also closed 12 of their facilities. Riccitiello, in a conference call with reporters, stated that their poor performance in the fourth quarter was not due entirely to the poor economy, but also to the fact that they did not release any blockbuster titles in the quarter. In the quarter ending December 31, 2008, the company lost US$641 million. As of early May 2009, the subsidiary studio EA Redwood Shores was known as Visceral Games.[42][43] On June 24, 2009, EA announced it will merge two of its development studios, BioWare and Mythic into one single role-playing video game and MMO development powerhouse. The move will actually place Mythic under control of BioWare as Ray Muzyka and Greg Zeschuk will be in direct control of the new entity.[44] By fall 2012, both Muzyka and Zeschuk had chosen to depart the merged entity in a joint retirement announcement.[45][46][47]
On November 9, 2009, EA announced its acquisition of social casual games developer Playfish for US$275 million.[48] On the same day, the company announced layoffs of 1500 employees, representing 17% of its workforce, across a number of studios including EA Tiburon, Visceral Games, Mythic and EA Black Box. Also affected were "projects and support activities" that, according to Chief Financial Officer Eric Brown "don't make economic sense",[49] resulting in the shutdown of popular communities such as Battlefield News at the Wayback Machine (archived January 12, 2006) and the EA Community Team at the Wayback Machine (archived February 5, 2009). These layoffs also led to the complete shutdown of Pandemic Studios.[50]

"Chillingo" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Chilango.
In October 2010, EA announced the acquisition of UK based iPhone and iPad games publisher Chillingo for US$20 million in cash. Chillingo published the popular Angry Birds for iOS and Cut the Rope for all platforms, but the deal did not include those properties,[51] so Cut the Rope became published by ZeptoLab, and Angry Birds became published by Rovio Entertainment.
2013–present[edit]
On March 18, 2013, John Riccitello announced that he would be stepping down as CEO and a member of the Board of Directors on March 30, 2013. Larry Probst was also appointed executive chairman on the same day.[52]
In April 2013, EA announced a reorganization which was to include dismissal of 10% of their workforce, consolidation of marketing functions which were distributed among the five label organizations, and subsumption of Origin operational leadership under the President of Labels.[53][54] In May 2013, EA announced that they had partnered with Disney to release Star Wars games from 2013 to 2023 exclusively. EA's subsidiaries including BioWare, DICE, Visceral Games, Motive Studios, Capital Games and external developer Respawn Entertainment, were responsible in creating new video games set in the Star Wars universe.[55][56] Andrew Wilson was appointed the CEO of EA.[57] In April 2015, EA announced that it would be shutting down various free-to-play games in July of that year, including Battlefield Heroes, Battlefield Play4Free, Need for Speed: World, and FIFA World.[58]
During E3 2015, vice president of the company, Patrick Söderlund, announced that the company will start investing more on smaller titles such as Unravel so as to broaden the company's portfolio.[59] On December 10, 2015, EA announced a new division called Competitive Gaming Division, which focuses on creating competitive game experience and organizing ESports events. It was once headed by Peter Moore.[60]
In May 2016, Electronic Arts announced that they had formed a new internal division called Frostbite Labs. The new department specializes in creating new projects for virtual reality platforms, and "virtual humans". The new department is located in Stockholm and Vancouver.[61]
Electronic Arts company structure[edit]
EA is headed by chairman Larry Probst and CEO Andrew Wilson. Many have attributed former CEO John Riccitiello's success in leading EA to his passion as a gamer.[62] Electronic Arts has four main labels (divisions), with numerous studios falling under each one.[63]
EA Games[edit]
Home to the largest number of studio and development teams, this label is responsible for action-adventure, role playing, racing and combat games, marketed under the EA brand. In addition to traditional packaged-goods games, EA Games also develops massively multiplayer online role-playing games. Led by Patrick Söderlund.[64]

Criterion Games
EA Digital Illusions CE (formerly Digital Illusions Creative Entertainment, DICE)

DICE Los Angeles


Ghost Games
Visceral Games (formerly EA Redwood Shores)
EA BioWare—focuses on creating multiplatform, role-playing, MMO and strategy games. Includes

BioWare Edmonton
BioWare Austin
BioWare Montreal


Motive Studios

EA Sports[edit]
Main article: EA Sports
Publishes all the realistic, casual, and freestyle sports-based titles from EA, including FIFA Football, Madden NFL, Fight Night, NBA Live, NCAA Football, Cricket, NCAA March Madness, Tiger Woods PGA Tour, NHL Hockey, NASCAR and Rugby. Led by Patrick Söderlund.[64]

EA Tiburon (Florida)
EA Canada (Burnaby)

EA Maxis[edit]
Main article: EA Maxis
Known for The Sims series, EA Maxis develops and markets life-simulation games and online communities. The label is headquartered at EA's campus in Redwood Shores. Maxis' original studio in Emeryville was closed in March 2015. The studio now sits under the leadership of the SVP of EA Mobile.[65] The label had previously been renamed EA Play.

Maxis Redwood Shores

The Sims Studio


Maxis Salt Lake
Maxis Melbourne
Maxis Helsinki

EA All Play[edit]
Includes original EA and partner franchises like The Simpsons, Tetris, SCRABBLE, MONOPOLY, World Series of Poker, Real Racing, Ultima, as well as online games for the Pogo.com online service.

PopCap Games
EA Mobile

SEED[edit]
The Search for Extraordinary Experiences Division (SEED) was revealed at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2017 as a technology research division and incubator, using tools like deep learning and neural networks to bring in player experiences and other external factors to help them with developing more immersive narratives and games.[66][67] SEED has offices in Los Angeles and Stockholm.[68]
Owned studios and partnership companies[edit]
Current[edit]

BioWare in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada and Montreal, Quebec, Canada and Austin, Texas and Galway, Ireland founded in February 1995, acquired October 2007 from Elevation Partners.
Chillingo in Macclesfield, United Kingdom
Criterion Games in Guildford, England, founded as Criterion Software in 1993, acquired in August 2004.
EA Baton Rouge (formerly North American Testing Center) in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, opened in September 2008.
EA Canada in Burnaby, British Columbia, started in January 1983.
EA Casual Entertainment
EA China in Shanghai, China
EA Deutschland in Cologne, Germany
EA DICE in Stockholm, Sweden, founded in 1992, acquired in 2005.
EA France in Lyon, France
EIS (European Integration Studio) in Madrid, Spain
EA India, Noida, India
EA Japan, Tokyo, Japan
EA Mobile Japan Studio, Tokyo, Japan
EA Brazil, São Paulo, Brazil
Spearhead in Seoul, South Korea, founded in 1998 as EA Korea.
DICE Los Angeles in Los Angeles, California, founded as DreamWorks Interactive LLC in 1995, acquired in 2000.
EA Romania in Bucharest, Romania, founded as JAMDAT Mobile Romania in 2005, acquired in 2006.
EA Russia in Moscow, Russia, translate in Russian
EA Mobile in Los Angeles, California
EA Montreal in Montreal, Quebec, Canada started in 2004.
EA San Francisco in Embarcadero, San Francisco
EA Salt Lake in Salt Lake City, Utah, founded as Headgate Studios, founded in 1992, acquired December 2006.
EA Singapore in Singapore
EA Sports made up of EA Canada in Burnaby, Canada and EA Tiburon Maitland, Florida, publisher of EA's sports franchise games
EA Tiburon in Maitland, Florida founded as Tiburon Entertainment in 1994, acquired in 1998.
Easy Studios in Stockholm, Sweden. Founded in 2008 developing PC games for EA's new Play4Free series.
Ghost Games in Gothenburg, Sweden, England, UK and Bucharest, Romania, founded as EA Gothenburg in 2011, rebranded in 2012.
Motive Studios in Montreal, Quebec, Canada started in 2015.
PopCap Games in Seattle, Washington acquired in 2011.
The Sims Studio in Redwood City, California founded in 2006.
Uprise (formerly ESN) in Uppsala, Sweden, founded in 2002, acquired in 2012.
Visceral Games in Redwood City, California, also has an office in Shanghai, China; founded as EA Redwood Shores in 1998.
Capital Games in Sacramento, California founded in 2008, specialised in creating mobile games.

Defunct[edit]

Original HQ in San Mateo, California, moved to Redwood City in 1998.
Origin Systems in Austin, Texas founded in 1983, acquired in 1992, closed in 2004.
Bullfrog Productions in Surrey, England, founded in 1987, acquired in 1995,[69] merged with EA UK and effectively closed in 2001.
EA Baltimore in Baltimore, Maryland, established in 1996 as part of Origin, closed in 2000
EA Seattle in Seattle, Washington, founded in 1982 as Manley & Associates, acquired January 29, 1996, closed in 2002
Maxis in Walnut Creek, California, founded in 1987, acquired in June 1997, folded into Redwood Shores (now Visceral Games) in 2004.
Westwood Studios in Las Vegas, Nevada, founded in 1987, acquired from Virgin Interactive Entertainment in August 1998, merged into EA Los Angeles in 2003.
EA Pacific (known for a time as Westwood Pacific) in Irvine, California, formerly part of Virgin Interactive, acquired with Westwood in 1998, closed in 2003
Kesmai (known also as GameStorm), founded in 1981, acquired in 1999, closed in 2001.
DICE Canada in London, Ontario, started in 1998, acquired DICE fully October 2, 2006; closed DICE Canada studio hours later.
EA UK in Chertsey, United Kingdom, moved to EA Bright Light in Guildford.
EA Chicago in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, founded in 1990 as NuFX, acquired in 2004, closed November 6, 2007.
Pandemic Studios in Los Angeles, California and Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, founded in 1998, acquired October 2007 from Elevation Partners, closed November 17, 2009.
EA Bright Light, in Guildford, Surrey, formerly EA UK, closed in 2011.
EA Black Box in Burnaby, Canada, founded in 1998, acquired in 2002, closed on April 2013.
EA Mobile Brazil in São Paulo, Brazil, closed in 2013.
EA Phenomic in Ingelheim, Germany, founded as Phenomic Game Development in 1997, acquired August 2006 and closed down in 2013.
Playfish in London, England, acquired in 2009, closed down in 2013.
Danger Close Games in Los Angeles, founded as DreamWorks Interactive, LLC. in 1995, acquired in 2000, renamed as EA Los Angeles and closed down in 2013.
EA North Carolina in Morrisville, North Carolina, closed in 2013[70]
Victory Games in Los Angeles, California, also has offices in Austin, Texas and Shanghai, China; founded in 2010 and closed down in 2013 as Danger Close.
Mythic Entertainment in Fairfax, Virginia, founded as Interworld Productions in 1995, acquired in June 2006 and closed down in May 2014.
Maxis in Emeryville, California, founded in 1987, acquired in July 1997, and closed down in March 2015.
Waystone was disbanded in November 2014.[71]

EA Partners program[edit]
The EA Partners co-publishing arm is dedicated to publishing and distributing games developed by third-party developers. Notable publishing/distribution agreements include:

Alice: Madness Returns – Spicy Horse
APB – Realtime Worlds
Brütal Legend – Double Fine Productions
Bulletstorm – Epic Games
Crysis series – Crytek
DeathSpank – Hothead Games
Fuse – Insomniac Games[72]
Hellgate: London – Flagship Studios
Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning – 38 Studios, Big Huge Games
Rock Band series – Harmonix and MTV Games
The Secret World – Funcom[73]
Shadows of the Damned – Grasshopper Manufacture
Shank series – Klei Entertainment
Syndicate – Starbreeze Studios
Titanfall series – Respawn Entertainment
Warp – Trapdoor

EA Originals program[edit]
 EA Originals is a program within Electronic Arts to help support independently-developed video games. The program was announced at EA's press event at the 2016 E3 Conference, and builds upon the success they had with Unravel in 2015. The first game to be supported under this program is Fe by Zoink Games, with plans for release in 2017.[74] It will be followed by Sea of Solitude and A Way Out.
Games by Electronic Arts[edit]
Main article: List of Electronic Arts games
Some of the most notable and popular games of video game history have been published by EA, and many of these are listed below. Though EA published these titles, they did not always develop them; some were developed by independent game development studios. EA developed their first internally developed game in 1987.

Pinball Construction Set (1983) by Bill Budge[75]
M.U.L.E. (1983) by Dan Bunten and Ozark Softscape
Archon: The Light and the Dark (1983) by Paul Reiche III and Free Fall Associates
The Bard's Tale (1985) by Interplay Productions
Skate or Die! (1987), EA's first internally developed title
Madden NFL series (1989–present)
Populous (1989) by Bullfrog which EA acquired in 1995
Wing Commander series (1992 onwards, previous games published in-house)
Desert Strike: Return to the Gulf (1992) by EA's High Score Production group
FIFA series (1993–present)
Dungeon Keeper series (titles from 1997 to 1999) by Bullfrog Productions
Ultima Online (1997) by Origin Systems
Command & Conquer series (titles from 1999 to 2013) by Westwood Studios (earlier titles released by Virgin Interactive)
SimCity series (titles from 1999–present) by Maxis (earlier titles released by other publishers)
Medal of Honor series (1999–2012)
Need for Speed series (1994–present)
James Bond series (1999–2005)
American McGee's Alice (2000)
The Sims series (2000–present) by Maxis (2000-2006, 2013–present) and The Sims Studio (2007-2012)
Battlefield series (2002–present) by EA Digital Illusions CE
Crysis series (2007–present) by Crytek
Rock Band series (2007–2010) by Harmonix
Spore series (2008–present) by Maxis
Army of Two series (2008–present) by EA Montreal
Dead Space series (2008–present) by Visceral Games
Mirror's Edge series (2008–present) by EA Digital Illusions CE
Dragon Age series (2009–present) by BioWare
Mass Effect series (starting with the PC release of the first game, the original Xbox 360 version was published by Microsoft) (2008–present)
Dante's Inferno (2010) by Visceral Games
Star Wars: The Old Republic (2011) by BioWare
EA Sports UFC (2014–present) by EA Canada
Star Wars Battlefront (2015) by EA Digital Illusions CE

Upcoming titles[edit]

Madden NFL 18 (PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
FIFA 18 (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One)
NBA Live 18 (PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Star Wars Battlefront II (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Need for Speed Payback (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
A Way Out (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Anthem (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Fe (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Sea of Solitude (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)

Controversies[edit]
Studio acquisition and management practices[edit]
See also: List of acquisitions by Electronic Arts
During its period of fastest growth, EA was often criticized for buying smaller development studios primarily for their intellectual property assets, and then producing drastically changed games of their franchises. For example, Origin-produced Ultima VIII: Pagan and Ultima IX: Ascension were developed quickly under EA's ownership, over the protests of Ultima creator Richard Garriott,[76] and these two are widely considered[77] to be sub-par compared to the rest of the series.[78][79]
In early 2008, CEO John Riccitiello acknowledged that this practice by EA was wrong and that the company now gives acquired studios greater autonomy without "meddling" in their corporate culture.[31]
In 2008, John D. Carmack of id Software said that EA is no longer the "Evil Empire"[80]

I'll admit that, if you asked me years ago, I still had thoughts that EA was the Evil Empire, the company that crushes the small studios...I'd have been surprised, if you told me a year ago that we'd end up with EA as a publisher. When we went out and talked to people, especially EA Partners people like Valve, we got almost uniformly positive responses from them.

Like other EA Partners, such as Harmonix/MTV Games, Carmack stressed that EA Partners deal "isn't really a publishing arrangement. Instead, they really offer a menu of services—Valve takes one set of things, Crytek takes a different set, and we're probably taking a third set".[80]
EA was criticized for shutting down some of its acquired studios after they released poorly performing games (for instance, Origin).[81] Though, in some of the cases, the shutdown was merely a reformation of teams working at different small studios into a single studio.[82][83] In the past, Magic Carpet 2 was rushed to completion over the objections of designer Peter Molyneux and it shipped during the holiday season with several major bugs. Studios such as Origin and Bullfrog Productions had previously produced games attracting significant fanbases. Many fans also became annoyed that their favorite developers were closed down, but some developers, for example the EALA studio, have stated that they try to carry on the legacy of the old studio (Westwood Studios). Once EA received criticism from labor groups for its dismissals of large groups of employees during the closure of a studio. However, later, it was confirmed that layoffs were not heavily confined to one team or another, countering early rumors that the teams were specifically targeted—countering the implication that the under performance of certain games might have been the catalyst.[84]
EA was once criticized for the acquisition of 19.9 percent of shares of its competitor Ubisoft, a move that Ubisoft's then spokesperson initially described as a "hostile act".[85] However, Ubisoft CEO Yves Guillemot later indicated that a merger with EA was a possibility, stating, "The first option for us is to manage our own company and grow it. The second option is to work with the movie industry, and the third is to merge."[86] However, in July 2010, EA elected to sell its reduced 15 percent share in Ubisoft.[87] That share equated to roughly €94 million (US$122 million).[88]
Treatment of employees[edit]
In 2004, Electronic Arts was criticized for employees working extraordinarily long hours—up to 100 hours per week—and not just at "crunch" times leading up to the scheduled releases of products. The publication of the EA Spouse blog, with criticisms such as "The current mandatory hours are 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.—seven days a week—with the occasional Saturday evening off for good behavior (at 6:30 PM)."[89] The company has since settled a class action lawsuit brought by game artists to compensate for unpaid overtime.[90] The class was awarded US$15.6 million. As a result, many of the lower-level developers (artists, programmers, producers, and designers) are now working at an hourly rate. A similar suit brought by programmers was settled for US$14.9 million.[91]
Since these criticisms first aired, it has been reported that EA has taken steps to address work-life balance concerns by focusing on long-term project planning, compensation, and communication with employees. These efforts accelerated with the arrival of John Riccitiello as CEO in February 2007. In December 2007, an internal EA employee survey showed a 13% increase in employee morale and a 21% increase in perception of management recognition over a three-year period.[92]
In May 2008, "EA Spouse" blog author Erin Hoffman, speaking to videogame industry news site Gamasutra, stated that EA had made significant progress, but may now be falling into old patterns again. Hoffman said that "I think EA is tremendously reformed, having made some real strong efforts to get the right people into their human resources department", and "I've been hearing from people who have gotten overtime pay there and I think that makes a great deal of difference. In fact, I've actually recommended to a few people I know to apply for jobs there", but she also said she has begun to hear "horror stories" once again.[93]
Game quality[edit]
For 2006, the games review aggregation site Metacritic gives the average of EA games as 72.0 (out of 100); 2.5 points behind Nintendo (74.5) but ahead of the other first-party publishers Microsoft (71.6) and Sony (71.2). The closest third-party publisher is Take-Two Interactive (publishing as 2K Games and Rockstar Games) at 70.3. The remaining top 10 publishers (Sega, THQ, Ubisoft, Activision, Square Enix) all rate in the mid 60s. Since 2005, EA has published eight games that received "Universal Acclaim" in at least one platform (Metacritic score 90 or greater): Battlefield 2, Crysis, Rock Band, FIFA 12, FIFA 13, Mass Effect 2, Mass Effect 3, and Dragon Age: Origins.
EA's aggregate review performance had shown a downward trend in quality over recent years and was expected to affect market shares during competitive seasons. Pacific Crest Securities analyst Evan Wilson had said, "Poor reviews and quality are beginning to tarnish the EA brand. According to our ongoing survey of GameRankings.com aggregated review data, Electronic Arts' overall game quality continues to fall... Although market share has not declined dramatically to date, in years such as 2007, which promises to have tremendous competition, it seems likely if quality does not improve."[94][95]
EA had also received criticism for developing games that lack innovation vis-à-vis the number of gaming titles produced under the EA brand that show a history of yearly updates, particularly in their sporting franchises. These typically retail as new games at full market price and feature only updated team rosters in addition to incremental changes to game mechanics, the user interface, and graphics. One critique compared EA to companies like Ubisoft and concluded that EA's innovation in new and old IPs "Crawls along at a snail's pace,"[96] while even the company's own CEO, John Riccitiello, acknowledged the lack of innovation seen in the industry generally, saying, "We're boring people to death and making games that are harder and harder to play. For the most part, the industry has been rinse-and-repeat. There's been lots of product that looked like last year's product, that looked a lot like the year before." EA has announced that it is turning its attention to creating new game IPs in order to stem this trend, with recently acquired and critically acclaimed studios BioWare and Pandemic would be contributing to this process.[97][98] In 2012, EA’s games were ranked highest of all large publishers in the industry, according to Metacritic.[99]
On December 19, 2013, EA was hit with a class action lawsuit over the bugs in the Battlefield 4 DLC. EA issued a statement regarding the various issues and bugs of the game and promised players that these issues would be fixed before the launch of the next generation consoles. This was not the case as players on both the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One had the same problems. The problems were so severe that they made certain parts of the game unplayable due to campaign save files being corrupted and players being unable to start or join multiplayer servers. Players expressed their outrage on the forums of Battlelog, EA Answers HQ and social news sites such as Reddit.[100] EA DICE responded by apologizing for the bugs and promising that they would halt all production of the release of new DLC packages until they fixed the various problems.
Sports licensing and exclusivity[edit]
On June 5, 2008, a lawsuit was filed in Oakland, California alleging Electronic Arts is breaking United States anti-trust laws by signing exclusive contracts with the NFL Players Association, the NCAA and Arena Football League, to use players' names, likenesses and team logos. This keeps other companies from being able to sign the same agreements. The suit further accuses EA of raising the price of games associated with these licenses as a result of this action.[101] In an interview with GameTap, Peter Moore said it was the NFL that sought the deal. "To be clear, the NFL was the entity that wanted the exclusive relationship. EA bid, as did a number of other companies, for the exclusive relationship", Moore said. "It wasn't on our behest that this went exclusive... We bid and we were very fortunate and lucky and delighted to be the winning licensee."[102] While EA argued the player's likenesses was incidentally used, this was rejected by the United States Courts of Appeals in 2015.[103] A further appeal to the US Supreme Court was unsuccessful.[104] In June 2016, EA settled with Jim Brown for $600,000.[105]
On September 26, 2013, EA settled a series of wide-ranging class action lawsuits filed by former NCAA players accusing EA and others of unauthorized use of player likenesses in their football and basketball games. EA settled the lawsuit for an undisclosed amount.[106][107] The settlement is reported to be around $40 million, to be paid to between 200,000 and 300,000 players.[108]
EULA and DRM[edit]
In the September 2008 release of EA's game Spore it was revealed that the DRM scheme included a program called SecuROM and a lifetime machine-activation limit of three (3) instances. A huge public outcry over this DRM scheme broke out over the Internet and swarmed Amazon.com with one-star ratings and critical reviews of the game in order to get EA to "pay attention to their consumers".[109] This DRM scheme, which was intended to hinder the efforts of infringers to illegally use and distribute EA software, instead mainly affected paying customers, as the game itself was copied and distributed well before release.[110] On September 13, 2008, it was announced (by TorrentFreak's statistics) that Spore was the most torrented game ever with over half a million illegal downloads within the first week of release.[111] In response to customer reaction, EA officially announced its release of upcoming Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3 would increase the installation limit to 5 rather than 3.[112]
On September 22, 2008, a global class action lawsuit was filed against EA regarding the DRM in Spore, complaining about EA not disclosing the existence of SecuROM in the game manual, and addressing how SecuROM runs with the nature of a rootkit, including how it remains on the hard drive even after Spore is uninstalled.[113][114][115] On October 14, 2008, a similar class action lawsuit was filed against EA for the inclusion of DRM software in the free demo version of the Creature Creator.[116]
On March 31, 2009, EA released a "De-Authorization Management Tool" that allows customers who have installed games containing the SecuROM activation scheme to "de-authorize" a computer, freeing up one of the five machine "slots" to be used on another machine.[117]
On June 24, 2009, EA announced a change in its approach to preventing copyright infringement of PC games. While eliminating the DRM that uniquely identifies a machine, the plan described a replacement with a traditional CD-key check. With an emphasis on downloaded content, the plan moved toward software as a service.[118] In 2013, EA received criticism regarding its persistent online authentication system as implemented in the SimCity reboot.[119][120]
Advertising[edit]
In 2009, EA arranged a fake protest outside the Electronic Entertainment Expo to draw attention to the game Dante's Inferno.[121] Ostensibly Christian protestors bore placards objecting to the game's themes involving hell and damnation, and it was not clear until several days later that the event had been staged. Several Christian bloggers criticized the event for perpetuating negative stereotypes about Christians.
A 2011 advertising campaign for Dead Space 2 featured older women reacting negatively to the game with the campaign slogan "Your mom hates Dead Space 2". Two hundred women had been selected for their conservative values and lack of familiarity with video games, and their reactions to a screening of the game were featured in EA's web and TV advertisements.[122] The campaign was at first admired, but soon described as sexist and ageist, with some claiming that it was reinforcing outdated stereotypes against female and older gamers.[123][124][125][126] As of 2010, 40% of video game players were women and the average game player was 34 years old.[127]
On February 24, 2011, the Extra Credits team (at the time on The Escapist) published the episode "An Open Letter to EA Marketing", denouncing Electronic Arts' marketing decisions for the Dante's Inferno, Medal of Honor and Dead Space 2 releases. They argue that EA's decisions to hire fake protesters and market games solely on shock value, while neglecting to defend the Medal of Honor on a First Amendment basis for letting the player play as the Taliban, have been hurtful to the gaming industry. They also argue that the advertisements are counterproductive to Electronic Arts' wishes to elevate games to an art medium as demonstrated in the 1980s Electronic Arts ad 'Can a Computer Make You Cry?'.[128][129]
Mass Effect 3's ending was poorly received by both critics and fans due to the inconsistencies between statements by BioWare staff during the game's development and the form the endings ultimately took.[130][131][132][133] Displeased by the ending, one player took his complaint to the Federal Trade Commission, the agency created to protect consumers. His argument was that BioWare did not deliver on the promise of its game, saying the end product did not match with the advertising campaign and PR interviews for the game.[134] The U.S. Better Business Bureau also responded to the controversy, supporting claims by fans that BioWare falsely advertised the player's "complete" control over the game's final outcome.[135][136] The UK's Advertising Standards Authority disagreed, ruling that EA and BioWare were not guilty of false advertisement since the endings were "thematically quite different", and the choices and readiness rating reflected in the ending content were significant enough to avoid actionable misleading of consumers under existing law.[137]
According to a Reddit administrator and a former moderator of the subreddit devoted to the 2015 Star Wars Battlefront, moderators removed posts critical of the game at the direction of EA personnel in exchange for pre-release access to the game.[138]
LGBT controversies[edit]
See also: Gender representation in video games § Portrayal of LGBT characters
EA has been noted for its inclusion of LGBT characters in games, and was among the companies given a perfect LGBT workplace score by the Human Rights Campaign in 2014.[139]
The positive portrayals of LGBT characters in games by EA subsidiary BioWare have motivated fan support and also backlash.[140] Several employees involved in Dragon Age II received hate mail and threats following its release.[140][141] BioWare lead writer David Gaider responded to a fan upset by the game's bisexual romances, denying the fan's ability to speak for all straight male gamers and writing, "the person who says that the only way to please them is to restrict options for others is, if you ask me, the one who deserves it least."[142]
Over the years from 2006 through 2012, various quotes both truly and falsely attributed to BioWare writer Jennifer Hepler were circulated online by fans who considered her emblematic of their complaints.[143] After one quote from a 2006 interview was used to link Hepler with unpopular changes to Dragon Age II's combat systems, Hepler was harassed by telephone and online.[141] The issue tapped into longstanding discontent over games being simplified to appeal to broader audiences.[143] Backlash was also related to Hepler's writing for Anders, the character that prompted the "straight male gamer" complaint.[143][144] According to Susana Polo in The Mary Sue, Hepler's gender may have intensified the harassment she experienced, but it was more directly the result of her being scapegoated for EA's pivot towards casual gamers.[144]
EA refused to abandon plans to add gay romances to Star Wars: The Old Republic that were opposed by the Family Research Council.[145] An online petition gathered more than 60,000 signatures in support of EA's decision before the petition became compromised by automated spam signatures.[146] The automated signatures were discovered by Reddit and 4chan users, who accused EA of using the issue to link broader criticism of EA with homophobia.[146] When eventually added to the game, the same-sex romances were ridiculed for being confined to a single "gay planet".[147]
The Consumerist rating as "Worst Company in America"[edit]
In April 2012, The Consumerist awarded EA with the title of "Worst Company in America" along with a ceremonial Golden Poo trophy.[148] The record-breaking poll drew in more than 250,000 votes and saw EA beating out such regulars as AT&T and Walmart. The final round of voting pitted EA against Bank of America. EA won with 50,575 votes or 64.03%.[149] This result came in the aftermath of the Mass Effect 3 ending controversy which several commentators viewed as a significant contribution to EA's win in the poll.[149][150] Other explanations include use of day-one DLC and EA's habit of acquiring smaller developers to squash competition.[151] EA spokesman John Reseburg responded to the poll by saying, "We're sure that bank presidents, oil, tobacco and weapons companies are all relieved they weren't on the list this year. We're going to continue making award-winning games and services played by more than 300 million people worldwide."[152][153]
In April 2013, EA won The Consumerist's poll for "Worst Company in America" a second time, consecutively, becoming the first company to do so. Games mentioned in the announcement included the critically controversial Mass Effect 3 for its ending, Dead Space 3 for its use of micro transactions, and the more recent SimCity reboot due to its poorly handled launch. Additionally, poor customer support, "nickel and diming", and public dismissiveness of criticisms were also given as explanations for the results of the poll. The Consumerist summarized the results by asking, "When we live in an era marked by massive oil spills, faulty foreclosures by bad banks, and rampant consolidation in the airline and telecom industry, what does it say about EA’s business practices that so many people have — for the second year in a row — come out to hand it the title of Worst Company in America?"[154]
When asked about the poll by VentureBeat, Frank Gibeau, President of EA Labels, responded "we take it seriously, and want to see it change. In the last few months, we have started making changes to the business practices that gamers clearly don’t like."[155] Gibeau attributes the elimination of online passes, the decision to make The Sims 4 a single-player, offline experience, as well as the unveiling of more new games to the shift in thinking. "The point is we are listening, and we are changing," Gibeau said.[155]
Dungeon Keeper Mobile app store vote manipulation[edit]
In 2013, EA released Dungeon Keeper Mobile, a free-to-play mobile variant of the popular 1990's strategy game Dungeon Keeper. The game was poorly received by both game critics and users. Critics noted that an in-game prompt claimed that "5-star ratings from you help us provide free updates!", suggesting that the games' creators would stop providing new content if players did not give the game sufficiently high ratings. The rating system involved a redirect process to the mobile storefront on which the game was sold; it was also pointed out that if players rated the game anything less than 5 stars, the game would not redirect them and not actually cast their vote, never indicating this to the user. This led to accusations of EA fraudulently manipulating the game's rating system and its subsequent score on mobile storefronts.[156]
In June 2014, Electronic Arts CEO Andrew Wilson made a public apology for the game, stating that it was a "shame" that he regretted.[157]
In July 2014, the UK-based Advertising Standards Authority banned a Dungeon Keeper Mobile ad from broadcast, stating that the advertisement "deliberately misled consumers" and made false statements about the game's pricing and free-to-play nature.[158] Later that same month Frank Gibeau, head of EA's mobile division, stated that the game's failure was attributed to audiences "not being ready" and that the game "innovated too much". These remarks resulted in backlash from game journalist media and users alike.[159]
See also[edit]


San Francisco Bay Area portal
Companies portal



History of video games
List of Electronic Arts games

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Electronic Arts Inc. Fiscal Year 2016 Proxy Statement and Annual Report" (PDF). Electronic Arts. Archived (PDF) from the original on March 26, 2017. Retrieved March 25, 2017. 
^ Grub, Jeff (April 20, 2015). "Gaming’s top 25 public companies generated $54.1B in revenue last year". VentureBeat. Archived from the original on April 5, 2016. Retrieved March 23, 2016. 
^ Davison, Pete. "E3: EA's Press Conference: The Round-Up". GamePro. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. 
^ "About Us | Locations". Electronic Arts. Archived from the original on August 19, 2011. 
^ Curtis, Tom. "EA reorganizes after a landmark $1B digital year". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. 
^ Totilo, Stephen. "This is What EA’s Up To (On the Day Zynga Hired One of Their Top Guys)". Kotaku. Archived from the original on January 5, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2017. 
^ "EA.com Acquires Leading Games Destination pogo.com". GameZone. February 28, 2001. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Schonfeld, Erick (November 9, 2009). "Not Playing Around. EA Buys Playfish For $300 Million, Plus a $100 Million Earnout". TechCrunch. Archived from the original on September 25, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Wingfield, Nick (June 3, 2011). "EA to Test Its Might Online". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "EA to Acquire NFS world hack". Archived from the original on August 19, 2014. 
^ Curtis, Tom. "EA reorganizes after a landmark $1B digital year". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2017. 
^ "Electronic Arts entry". Sequoiacap.com. Archived from the original on March 8, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Keefer, John (March 31, 2006). "GameSpy Retro: Developer Origins". GameSpy. Archived from the original on May 31, 2009. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Fleming, Jeffrey (February 12, 2007). "We See Farther - A History of Electronic Arts". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution By Steven Levy, page 335
^ a b "EA Studios: The 32-Bit Generation". Next Generation. Imagine Media (11): 97–99. November 1995. 
^ a b "The History of the Pinball Construction Set: Launching Millions of Creative Possibilities". Gamasutra.com. Archived from the original on March 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Jimmy Maher: The Future was Here, a book published by MIT press, 2012
^ "Electronic Arts Inks Pact With Nintendo". Computer Gaming World. May 1990. p. 50. Archived from the original on December 3, 2013. Retrieved November 16, 2013. 
^ "PlayStation Dominates European Show". Next Generation. Imagine Media (6): 15. June 1995. 
^ "EA Redwood Shores". Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. 
^ "Electronic Arts cuts staff by 5 percent". GameSpot. Archived from the original on April 1, 2014. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Electronic Arts To Acquire Mythic Entertainment". Gamasutra.com. June 20, 2006. Archived from the original on February 14, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Surette, Tim (December 13, 2004). "Big Deal: EA and NFL ink exclusive licensing agreement". GameSpot. Archived from the original on November 13, 2014. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "All Madden, all the time". ESPN. December 14, 2004. Archived from the original on December 7, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA Puts it "In the Game"". Archive.gamespy.com. Archived from the original on March 20, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA moves towards new IPs". Gamesindustry.biz. November 30, 2006. Archived from the original on July 21, 2007. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA to Supply Games for Nokia Mobile Devices | Game Guru". Gameguru.in. September 14, 2006. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ Crecente, Brian (December 8, 2014). "Larry Probst, Electronic Arts' Executive Chairman, Steps Down from Company and Remains on Board". Polygon. Archived from the original on September 24, 2015. Retrieved August 6, 2015. 
^ "EA Announces New Company Structure". Gamasutra.com. June 18, 2007. Archived from the original on February 14, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Kohler, Chris (February 8, 2008). "EA's CEO: How I Learned To Acquire Developers And Not *** Them Up". Blog.wired.com. Archived from the original on April 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Schiesel, Seth (February 19, 2008). "A Company Looks to Its Creative Side to Regain What It Had Lost". The New York Times. Archived from the original on May 12, 2011. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ "EA ships four Mac games". MacWorld. March 17, 2009. Archived from the original on November 11, 2015. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Terdiman, Daniel (February 24, 2008). "EA tries to buy Take-Two to keep its top spot". CNET. Archived from the original on September 23, 2015. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ McWhertor, Michael (December 20, 2007). "Take-two Interactive: Analyst "Convinced" That Take-Two Will Be Swallowed". Kotaku. Archived from the original on December 23, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Dinsey, Stuart (February 7, 2008). "Viacom to buy Take Two for $1.5 billion?". MCVUK. Archived from the original on September 11, 2014. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Electronic Arts to acquire Korean mobile developer". Associated Press. May 22, 2008. Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "Electronic Arts drops buyout bid for rival". CTV News. Archived from the original on June 28, 2012. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Crecente, Brian (November 6, 2008). "Electronic Arts: Electronic Arts Ditches Casual Label, Merges It With The Sims". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on March 19, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Crecente, Brian (October 30, 2008). "Electronic Arts: Electronic Arts Lays Off Six Hundred". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on April 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ McWhertor, Michael (October 30, 2008). "Things Are Tough All Over: EA Loses $310 million, Sees "Weakness At Retail" In October". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on December 19, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Wolverton, Troy (February 3, 2009). "Electronic Arts has lousy quarter; slashes 1,100 jobs". The Mercury News. Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. Retrieved May 2, 2009. 
^ "EA loss widens after weak holiday season". The Orlando Sentinel. Associated Press. February 4, 2009. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved May 2, 2009. 
^ Webster, Andrew (June 24, 2009). "EA combines BioWare and Mythic into new RPG/MMO group". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on June 25, 2009. Retrieved June 25, 2009. 
^ BioWare Community Team (September 18, 2012). "RAY MUZYKA & GREG ZESCHUK RETIRE". BioWare. Archived from the original on August 24, 2013. Retrieved September 6, 2013. 
^ Muzyka, Ray (September 18, 2012). "FROM RAY MUZYKA". BioWare. Archived from the original on March 21, 2015. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Zeschuk, Greg (September 18, 2012). "FROM GREG ZESCHUK". BioWare. Archived from the original on March 21, 2015. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Yukari Iwatani, Kane (November 9, 2009). "EA to Acquire Playfish for $275 million". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved November 9, 2009. 
^ "Electronic Arts posts loss, to cut jobs". Reuters. November 9, 2009. Archived from the original on May 14, 2012. Retrieved November 9, 2009. 
^ Crecente, Brian. "Confirmed: EA Closes Pandemic Studios, Says Brand Will Live On". Archived from the original on November 19, 2009. Retrieved November 17, 2009. 
^ "EA buys Angry Birds publisher Chillingo". LA times. October 20, 2010. Archived from the original on October 23, 2010. Retrieved October 21, 2010. 
^ "Electronic Arts Announces Change in Executive Leadership". Electronic Arts. Archived from the original on March 19, 2013. Retrieved March 18, 2013. 
^ Cutler, Kim-Mai (April 25, 2013). "Here’s EA’s Internal Memo On The Layoffs Today". TechCrunch. AOL. Archived from the original on May 4, 2013. Retrieved May 8, 2013. 
^ Paczkowski, John (May 9, 2013). "EA Reboot Cost 900 Jobs". All Things Digital. Dow Jones. Archived from the original on May 13, 2013. Retrieved May 8, 2013. 
^ Sarker, Samit (May 6, 2013). "EA and Disney sign exclusive deal for rights to Star Wars games". Polygon. Archived from the original on April 27, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ Machkovech, Sam (May 5, 2015). "Respawn has been working on a Star Wars action-adventure game for two years". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on May 5, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ "Andrew Wilson named EA CEO". Gamespot. Archived from the original on October 23, 2013. Retrieved September 18, 2013. 
^ Handrahan, Matthew. "EA is closing two-thirds of its core free-to-play games". gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on May 11, 2015. Retrieved May 10, 2015. 
^ Futter, Mike (June 16, 2015). "EA's Future Includes More Smaller Games Like Unravel". Game Informer. Archived from the original on June 20, 2015. Retrieved June 16, 2015. 
^ Pereira, Chris (December 10, 2015). "EA Launching Its Own Competitive Gaming Division Headed by Peter Moore". GameSpot. Archived from the original on December 13, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Makuch, Eddie (May 17, 2016). "EA Forms New Team to Explore Future Tech, Including Virtual Humans for VR". GameSpot. Archived from the original on May 21, 2016. Retrieved May 18, 2016. 
^ Totilo, Stephen. "The Unexpected Gamer Who Runs EA". Kotaku. Archived from the original on June 24, 2010. 
^ "EDGAR Online via Yahoo! Finance, Electronic Arts FY 2008 10K Filing". Yahoo.brand.edgar-online.com. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b "EA restructuring corporate positions, Patrick Söderlund to take over as head of EA Sports". VG247.com. Archived from the original on November 3, 2013. 
^ "The Sims Boss Lucy Bradshaw Leaves EA After 23 Years". GameSpot. Archived from the original on September 25, 2015. Retrieved May 19, 2016. 
^ Hall, Charlie (June 10, 2017). "SEED is a stealthy, high-tech incubator inside EA". Polygon. Archived from the original on June 10, 2017. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ Davidson, John (June 10, 2017). "EA Boss Andrew Wilson's Vision of Gaming's Future Will Blow Your Mind". Glixel. Archived from the original on June 12, 2017. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ Kerr, Chris (June 12, 2017). "EA opens 'SEED' game tech research division". Gamasutra. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ "1995: The Calm Before the Storm?". Next Generation. Imagine Media (13): 38. January 1996. 
^ Davis, Ian (September 27, 2013). "Exclusive: EA Shutters North Carolina Studio". The Escapist. Archived from the original on December 6, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Futter, Mike (November 4, 2014). "EA Terminates Development Of MOBA Dawngate, Service Ends In 90 Days". Game Informer. Archived from the original on October 8, 2016. 
^ "EA Partners signs new Insomniac game | Games Industry | MCV". Mcvuk.com. May 25, 2010. Archived from the original on May 11, 2011. Retrieved March 19, 2011. 
^ "Funcom and Electronic Arts to co-publish ‘The Secret World’ MMO – The Secret World Official Forums". Darkdemonscrygaia.com. January 10, 2011. Archived from the original on May 11, 2011. Retrieved March 19, 2011. 
^ Fahey, Mike (June 12, 2016). "EA Originals Gives Big Support To Small Games". Kotaku. Archived from the original on June 12, 2016. Retrieved June 12, 2016. 
^ Ashcraft, Brian (January 8, 2008). "2008 Tech Emmy Winners". Kotaku. Archived from the original on September 29, 2012. Retrieved August 30, 2012. In 2008, Pinball Construction Set was awarded at the 59th Annual Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards for User Generated Content/Game Modification 
^ Massey, Dana (October 11, 2005). ""The Conquest of Origin", page 2". Escapistmagazine.com. Archived from the original on February 12, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Many believe Ultima IX was unfairly maligned because of rushed development schedule". Pc.gamespy.com. May 7, 2004. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Ultima VIII received poorly by fans". Gamefaqs.com. Archived from the original on June 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Ultima IX received poorly by fans". Gamefaqs.com. Archived from the original on April 18, 2010. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Thorsen, Tor (July 15, 2008). "E3 2008: Video Q&A: Carmack on 'one-game' id-EA deal". GameSpot. CBS Interactive. Archived from the original on August 15, 2011. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Zealot, Funky (February 25, 2004). "EA to Shut Down Origin Systems". GamePro. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Matei, Robert (October 17, 2006). "EA Closes Down Warrington Studio – Another development studio shut down". Softpedia. Archived from the original on June 9, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Sinclair, Brendan (October 6, 2006). "EA shuts down DICE Canada". GameSpot. Archived from the original on March 29, 2014. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Nutt, Christian (January 26, 2005). "Layoffs and Restructuring at EA LA". 1UP.com. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Electronic Arts buys stake in Ubisoft in "hostile" act". Gamespot. Archived from the original on January 17, 2016. 
^ Miller, Ross (May 29, 2007). "Ubisoft president 'still considering' EA acquisition". Joystiq. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Makuch, Eddie (July 16, 2010). "Electronic Arts sells its stake in Ubisoft". GameSpot. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Electronic Arts Sells 15% Stake In France's Ubisoft". The Glass Garden. July 16, 2010. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "The original ea_spouse blog entry". LiveJournal. Archived from the original on February 15, 2016. 
^ Feldman, Curt (November 11, 2004). "Employees readying class-action lawsuit against EA". Gamespot.com. Archived from the original on November 13, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Programmers Win EA Overtime Settlement, EA_Spouse Revealed". Gamasutra.com. Archived from the original on April 29, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "'Big corporation' does a turnaround". Archived from the original on July 23, 2012. Retrieved August 29, 2012. 
^ "'EA_Spouse' Hoffman: Quality Of Life Still Issue, Despite EA Improvement". Gamasutra.com. May 13, 2008. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Sinclair, Brendan (November 30, 2006). "Analyst: EA brand tarnished". Gamespot.com. Archived from the original on October 18, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Reimer, Jeremy (December 1, 2006). "EA brand "tarnished" according to analyst". Arstechnica.com. Archived from the original on October 20, 2012. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA innovation crawls along at "snail's pace"". Gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on January 22, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA CEO John Riccitiello: More innovation is needed in videogames". Gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on January 22, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "BioWare/Pandemic deal goes through". Archived from the original on September 21, 2012. Retrieved August 29, 2012. 
^ Dietz, Jason. "Metacritic's 3rd Annual Game Publisher Rankings". metacritic.com. Archived from the original on May 8, 2013. 
^ "EA Class-Action Lawsuit: 'Battlefield 4' Bugs And 'BF4' DLC Problems Trigger Suit; Electronic Arts Denies Wrongdoing". Archived from the original on December 23, 2013. 
^ "Anti-trust lawsuit over exclusive license contracts" (PDF). Archived (PDF) from the original on May 10, 2011. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ Kuchera, Ben (June 12, 2008). "Lawsuit flags EA for illegal procedure on football monopoly". Arstechnica. Archived from the original on October 1, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Kravets, David (January 6, 2015). "NFL players win appeals court ruling in EA Madden NFL flap". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on July 10, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ Kravets, David (March 21, 2016). "Supreme Court punts in 1st Amendment Madden NFL legal fight". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on July 7, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ Kravets, David (June 28, 2016). "EA punts, gives $600k to former football star in Madden NFL rights flap". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on June 28, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ "EA Sports settles suits, thousands of players eligible for money". Archived from the original on September 27, 2013. 
^ Eder, Steve (September 26, 2013). "E.A. Sports Settles Lawsuit With College Athletes". The New York Times. Archived from the original on February 19, 2017. 
^ Rovell, Darren (September 28, 2013). "Players to receive $40 million". ESPN. Archived from the original on July 21, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ "Copyright row dogs Spore release". BBC News. September 10, 2008. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Spore's Piracy Problem". Forbes. September 12, 2008. Archived from the original on November 7, 2008. Retrieved November 18, 2008. 
^ Ernesto (September 13, 2008). "Spore: Most Pirated Game Ever Thanks to DRM". TorrentFreak. Archived from the original on September 15, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "EA Sticking With SecuROM (Though Red Alert 3's Will Go A Little Easier On You)". Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "A copy of the Spore complaint filed" (PDF). CourtHouseNews.com. Archived (PDF) from the original on January 17, 2016. 
^ Faylor, Chris (September 24, 2008). "Spore DRM Prompts $5M Class Action Lawsuit". ShackNews. Archived from the original on September 25, 2008. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ Fahey, Mike (September 24, 2008). "Class Action Lawsuit Arises Over Spore DRM". Kotaku. Archived from the original on September 27, 2008. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ "Spore Creature Creator Demo prompts class action". Archived from the original on December 10, 2008. 
^ "EA Releases DRM License Deactivation Tool". slashdot.org. March 31, 2009. Archived from the original on April 21, 2009. Retrieved April 3, 2009. 
^ "EA's new motto: please pirate our games... er, storefronts". Ars Technica. June 24, 2009. Archived from the original on June 25, 2009. Retrieved June 25, 2009. 
^ "We are the SimCity dev team from Maxis. AMAA!". Maxis. Archived from the original on December 18, 2012. Retrieved December 24, 2012. 
^ "Cloud Computing is Why the New SimCity Needs an Always-On Connection, Studio Says". Kotaku. December 26, 2012. Archived from the original on December 30, 2012. Retrieved December 27, 2012. 
^ Pigna, Kris (June 13, 2009). "EA's Fake Dante's Inferno Protest Spurs Real Christian Backlash". 1UP.com. [permanent dead link]
^ Benedetti, Winda. "Your Mama Plays 'Dead Space 2'". Archived from the original on January 25, 2011. 
^ Glen M. "Shame on EA". Archived from the original on January 26, 2011. 
^ Tilley, Steve. "Dead Space 2 overcomes familiarity factor". Archived from the original on February 1, 2011. 
^ Tassi, Paul (January 24, 2011). "EA Using Mom’s Disapproval to Sell Dead Space 2". Forbes. Archived from the original on February 2, 2011. 
^ Williams, Mary Elizabeth. ""Dead Space 2": Your mom doesn't want you to play this video game". Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "Essential Facts About The Computer And Video Game Industry" (PDF). Entertainment Software Association. Archived (PDF) from the original on November 26, 2015. 
^ Electronic Arts. "Electronic Arts: Can a Computer Make You Cry?". Archived from the original on July 18, 2010. 
^ Extra Credits. "Extra Credits: An Open Letter to EA Marketing". Archived from the original on January 4, 2012. 
^ Hornshaw, Phil (March 9, 2012). "Player Starts Poll Asking BioWare for New Mass Effect 3 Ending". GameFront. Archived from the original on March 13, 2012. Retrieved March 10, 2012. 
^ Sterling, Jim (March 10, 2012). "Mass Effect 3 fans petition BioWare to change the ending". Destructoid. Archived from the original on March 14, 2012. Retrieved March 10, 2012. 
^ Langshaw, Mark (March 11, 2012). "'Mass Effect 3' fans campaign to change ending". Digital Spy. Archived from the original on March 16, 2012. Retrieved March 11, 2012. 
^ Molina, Brett (March 19, 2012). "BioWare: No decision yet on 'Mass Effect 3' ending". USA Today. Archived from the original on March 21, 2012. Retrieved March 19, 2012. 
^ Gregory, Jon (March 17, 2012). "Mass Effect 3 Ending Fighter Goes To The FTC - News". www.GameInformer.com. Archived from the original on April 19, 2012. Retrieved April 22, 2012. 
^ "Better Business Bureau Says BioWare Falsely Advertised Mass Effect 3 - Softpedia". Softpedia. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. Retrieved April 13, 2012. 
^ "Mass Effect 3 falsely advertised, says BBB - GameSpot.com". GameSpot. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. Retrieved April 13, 2012. 
^ "BioWare and EA cleared of ME3 advertising kerfuffle". ScrewAttack.com. Retrieved August 15, 2012. 
^ Lemon, Marshall (November 13, 2015). "EA Rep May Have Influenced Reddit Mods To Censor Battlefront Critics". The Escapist. Archived from the original on November 17, 2015. 
^ Farokhmanesh, Megan (November 26, 2014). "EA scores top marks for LGBT equability in the workplace". Polygon. Archived from the original on January 5, 2016. 
^ a b "BioWare writer received death threats to family". Metro. August 16, 2013. Archived from the original on February 20, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Crecente, Brian (August 15, 2013). "Plague of game dev harassment erodes industry, spurs support groups". Polygon. Archived from the original on November 30, 2015. 
^ Fahey, Mike (March 24, 2011). "Dragon Age II Writer Eloquently Defends The Game's Sexuality Balance". Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b c Griffiths, Daniel Nye (February 21, 2012). "The Changing Face of Games: Feeling Angry and Ignored, Fans Look for Someone to Blame". Forbes. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Polo, Susana (February 20, 2012). "Inclusion: What Jennifer Hepler’s Story is All About". Archived from the original on February 21, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Chalk, Andy (January 27, 2012). "Family Research Council Warns of Gay Relationships in The Old Republic". The Escapist. Archived from the original on March 11, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Serrels, Mark (April 11, 2012). "Star Wars: The Old Republic Petition Attacked By Hackers, Temporarily Shut Down". Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Hamilton, Mary (January 25, 2013). "Star Wars: The Old Republic, the gay planet and the problem of the straight male gaze". The Guardian. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Morran, Chris (April 4, 2012). "The Voters Have Spoken: EA Is Your Worst Company In America For 2012!". Consumerist. Archived from the original on August 7, 2012. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ a b Gaudiosi, John (April 7, 2012). "Electronic Arts Named Worst Company in America". The Hollywood Reporter. Archived from the original on May 11, 2012. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (April 8, 2012). "EA, named America's worst company, tries to make amends". CNET. CBS Interactive. Archived from the original on February 21, 2014. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Tiffany (April 4, 2012). "Electronic Arts: 'Worst company in America'? Consumerist says yes". Los Angeles Times. Archived from the original on October 27, 2012. 
^ Brightman, James (April 4, 2012). "EA responds to "worst company" label from Consumerist". gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on October 24, 2013. Retrieved July 9, 2013. 
^ Kain, Erik (April 4, 2012). "EA Responds To 'Worst Company' Award By Mentioning Past Winners". Forbes. Archived from the original on July 20, 2013. Retrieved July 9, 2013. 
^ Morran, Chris (April 9, 2013). "EA Makes Worst Company In America History, Wins Title For Second Year In A Row!". Consumerist. Archived from the original on November 9, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ a b Takahashi, Dean. "EA exec Frank Gibeau: Betting on next-gen consoles, mobile, and doing right by consumers (interview)". VentureBeat. Archived from the original on July 28, 2013. 
^ Webster, Andrew (September 30, 2013). "EA steers angry customers away from reviewing games at Google Play". The Verge. Archived from the original on February 10, 2014. Retrieved February 11, 2014. 
^ Owen, Phil (June 29, 2014). "EA CEO Wilson: Dungeon Keeper Mobile Was 'A Shame'". Kotaku. Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 27, 2015. Retrieved March 18, 2015. 
^ Yin-Poole, Wesley (July 2, 2014). "UK watchdog bans Dungeon Keeper ad, accuses EA of "misleading" customers". Eurogamer. Archived from the original on January 9, 2015. Retrieved January 8, 2015. 
^ Davis, Ian (July 9, 2014). "EA: Dungeon Keeper Failed by "Innovating Too Much"". Escapist. Escapist Magazine. Archived from the original on April 2, 2015. Retrieved March 18, 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Sinclair, Brendan (January 4, 2006). "Innovation: does size matter?". GameSpot. CBS Interactive. 
ea_spouse (November 10, 2004). "EA: The Human Story". LiveJournal. Archived from the original on February 15, 2016. 
Becker, David (March 8, 2005). "Game makers see workplace changes". CNET. CBS Interactive. 
Totilo, Stephen (September 12, 2006). "What's The 'Coolest Job Ever'? Electronic Arts' Summer Interns Tell Their Story". MTV. Viacom International. 
Deck, Stewart (December 19, 2000). "Six Degrees of Hire Learning". ITworld. IDG Communications. 
Varney, Allen (October 11, 2005). "The Conquest of Origin". The Escapist. Defy Media. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Electronic Arts.



Official website



Business data for Electronic Arts, Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Electronic Arts



Employees





Founder




Trip Hawkins






Current




Larry Probst (Executive Chairman)
Andrew Wilson (CEO)
Patrick Söderlund (EVP)
Will Wright
Joe Ybarra






Former




Bing Gordon
Don Mattrick
Jeff Green
Ralph Guggenheim
Robin Hunicke
Greg Kasavin
Peter Moore
John Riccitiello











Subsidiaries





Current




BioWare
Criterion Games
EA Canada
EA DICE

DICE Los Angeles


EA Mobile
EA Montreal
EA Salt Lake
EA Singapore
EA Sports
EA Tiburon
European Integration Studio
Firemonkeys Studios
Ghost Games
Maxis
Motive Studios
PopCap Games
The Sims Studio
Visceral Games






Defunct




Bullfrog Productions
Danger Close Games
EA Black Box
EA Bright Light
EA Chicago
EA Phenomic
EA UK
Kesmai
Mythic Entertainment
Origin Systems
Pandemic Studios
Playfish
Victory Games
Westwood Studios








Franchises



Army of Two
Battlefield
Bejeweled
Burnout
Command & Conquer
Crysis
Dead Space
Dragon Age
FIFA
Madden NFL
Mass Effect
Medal of Honor
Mirror's Edge
NBA Live
NCAA Football
Need for Speed
NHL
Plants vs. Zombies
Rock Band
SimCity
Skate
Star Wars: Battlefront
Spore
SSX
The Sims
Ultima
Wing Commander





Related



EA Access
Origin
Pogo.com
RenderWare
Frostbite
Ignite
List of acquisitions by Electronic Arts
List of Electronic Arts games






Category










v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecommunications Corporation

China Telecom


China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Sim video games



SimCity series





Main games




SimCity (1989)
SimCity 2000
SimCity 3000
SimCity 4

Rush Hour


SimCity (2013)






Other games




64
DS
Societies
Snap City
DS 2
Creator
Social








The Sims series





Main games




The Sims
The Sims 2
The Sims 3
The Sims 4






Other games




Online
Bustin' Out
The Urbz
Life Stories
Pet Stories
Castaway Stories
Medieval

Pirates and Nobles


Social
FreePlay






MySims




MySims
Kingdom
Party
Racing
Agents
SkyHeroes








Spore





Expansions




Galactic Adventures






Spin-offs




Creature Creator
Creatures
Origins
Hero
Hero Arena
Darkspore






Other




Development








Sim



SimEarth
SimAnt
SimLife
SimFarm
SimRefinery
SimTower
SimHealth
SimIsle
SimTown
SimPark
SimGolf
SimTunes
Sim Theme Park
SimCopter
Streets of SimCity
SimSafari
SimCoaster
Sid Meier's SimGolf
SimMars (cancelled)
SimAnimals





Related articles



Simlish
Electronic Arts
Maxis
Will Wright
Lincity
Yoot Tower
The Tower SP
BeyondSims






 Category







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137191582
LCCN: n93043443
ISNI: 0000 0001 2291 0054
GND: 2149193-8
SUDOC: 086228811
BNF: cb140318401 (data)
BNE: XX132366










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Electronic_Arts&oldid=790722573"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQ1982 establishments in CaliforniaAcademy of Interactive Arts & Sciences membersCompanies based in Redwood City, CaliforniaElectronic ArtsEntertainment companies based in CaliforniaEntertainment companies established in 1982Entertainment Software AssociationInternational Game Developers Association membersMac software companiesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesSoftware companies based in the San Francisco Bay AreaVideo game companies based in CaliforniaVideo game companies established in 1982Video game companies of the United StatesVideo game development companiesVideo game publishersWargame companiesHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles that may be too long from February 2017Use mdy dates from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2016Articles with unsourced statements from August 2007Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתქართულიLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиBahasa MelayuМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 15 July 2017, at 17:35.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Electronic Arts - Wikipedia






















 






Electronic Arts

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"EA" redirects here. For other uses, see EA (disambiguation).





This article may be too long to read and navigate comfortably. Please consider splitting content into sub-articles, condensing it, or adding or removing subheadings. (February 2017)



Electronic Arts Inc.





The EA headquarters building at Redwood City, California in May 2011.




Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: EA
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Video game industry


Founded
May 27, 1982; 35 years ago (1982-05-27) in San Mateo, California, U.S.


Founder
Trip Hawkins


Headquarters
Redwood City, California, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Larry Probst (Chairman)
Andrew Wilson (CEO)





Products
Army of Two series
Battlefield series
Burnout series
Command & Conquer series
Crysis series
Dead Space series
Dragon Age series
FIFA series
Fight Night series
Madden NFL series
Mass Effect series
Medal of Honor series
NBA Live series
NCAA Football series
Need for Speed series
NHL series
Plants vs. Zombies series
Rock Band series
SimCity series
The Simpsons series
The Sims series
Skate series
SSX series
Star Wars series


Revenue
 US$4.396 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$898 million (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$1.156 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$7.050 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$3.396 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

8,500 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
List of Electronic Arts subsidiaries
BioWare
Criterion Games
EA Canada
EA Digital Illusions CE
EA Mobile
EA Montreal
EA Tiburon
Firemonkeys Studios
Ghost Games
Maxis
Motive Studios
PopCap Games
The Sims Studio
Visceral Games


Website
ea.com


Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) is an American video game company headquartered in Redwood City, California. Founded and incorporated on May 28, 1982 by Trip Hawkins, the company was a pioneer of the early home computer games industry and was notable for promoting the designers and programmers responsible for its games. As of 2014, Electronic Arts was the world's fourth-largest gaming company by revenue after Tencent, Sony and Microsoft [2] The company sparked controversies over its advertising efforts, and acquisition of other studios.
Currently, EA develops and publishes games under several labels including EA Sports titles FIFA, Madden NFL, NHL, NCAA Football, NBA Live, and SSX. Other EA labels produce established franchises such as Battlefield, Need for Speed, The Sims, Medal of Honor, Command & Conquer, as well as newer franchises such as Crysis, Dead Space, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, Army of Two, Titanfall and Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, produced in partnership with LucasArts.[3] EA also owns and operates major gaming studios, EA Tiburon in Orlando, EA Canada in Burnaby, BioWare in Edmonton as well as Montreal, and DICE in Sweden.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1982–2000 - The Beginning
1.2 2000–2007
1.3 2007–2013
1.4 2013–present


2 Electronic Arts company structure

2.1 EA Games
2.2 EA Sports
2.3 EA Maxis
2.4 EA All Play
2.5 SEED


3 Owned studios and partnership companies

3.1 Current
3.2 Defunct
3.3 EA Partners program
3.4 EA Originals program


4 Games by Electronic Arts

4.1 Upcoming titles


5 Controversies

5.1 Studio acquisition and management practices
5.2 Treatment of employees
5.3 Game quality
5.4 Sports licensing and exclusivity
5.5 EULA and DRM
5.6 Advertising
5.7 LGBT controversies
5.8 The Consumerist rating as "Worst Company in America"
5.9 Dungeon Keeper Mobile app store vote manipulation


6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



History[edit]
The company began developing games in-house and supported consoles by the early 1990s. EA later grew via acquisition of several successful developers. By the early 2000s, EA had become one of the world's largest third-party publishers. On May 4, 2011, EA reported $3.8 billion in revenues for the fiscal year ending March 2011, and on January 13, 2012, EA announced that it had exceeded $1 billion in digital revenue during the previous calendar year.[5] In a note to employees, EA CEO John Riccitiello called this "an incredibly important milestone" for the company.[6] EA began to move toward direct distribution of digital games and services with the acquisition of the popular online gaming site Pogo.com in 2001.[7] In 2009, EA acquired the London-based social gaming startup Playfish,[8] and in June 2011, EA launched Origin, an online service to sell downloadable games directly to consumers.[9] There is also a "On The House" feature in Origin that lets you download full versions of EA games for free, it is updated regularly. In July 2011, EA announced that it had acquired PopCap Games, the company behind hits such as Plants vs. Zombies and Bejeweled.[10]
EA continued its shift toward digital goods in 2012, folding its mobile-focused EA Interactive (EAi) division "into other organizations throughout the company, specifically those divisions led by EA Labels president Frank Gibeau, COO Peter Moore, and CTO Rajat Taneja, and EVP of digital Kristian Segerstrale."[11]
1982–2000 - The Beginning[edit]




Founder of EA Trip Hawkins.


In February 1982, Trip Hawkins arranged a meeting with Don Valentine of Sequoia Capital[12] to discuss financing his new venture, Amazin' Software. Valentine encouraged Hawkins to leave Apple Inc., where Hawkins served as Director of Product Marketing, and allowed Hawkins use of Sequoia Capital's spare office space to start the company. On May 28, 1982, Trip Hawkins incorporated and established the company with a personal investment of an estimated US$200,000. The company was not named Amazin' Software, but instead Electronic Arts. Seven months later in December 1982, Hawkins secured US$2 million of venture capital from Sequoia Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, and Sevin Rosen Funds.




Electronic Arts' original corporate logo, 1982–2000.


For more than seven months, Hawkins refined his Electronic Arts business plan. With aid from his first employee (with whom he worked in marketing at Apple), Rich Melmon, the original plan was written, mostly by Hawkins, on an Apple II in Sequoia Capital's office in August 1982. During that time, Hawkins also employed two of his former staff from Apple, Dave Evans and Pat Marriott, as producers, and a Stanford MBA classmate, Jeff Burton from Atari for international business development. The business plan was again refined in September and reissued on October 8, 1982. By November, employee headcount rose to 11, including Tim Mott, Bing Gordon, David Maynard, and Steve Hayes.[13][14] Having outgrown the office space provided by Sequoia Capital, the company relocated to a San Mateo office that overlooked the San Francisco Airport landing path. Headcount rose rapidly in 1983, including Don Daglow, Richard Hilleman, Stewart Bonn, David Gardner, and Nancy Fong.
He recruited his original employees from Apple, Atari, Xerox PARC, and VisiCorp, and got Steve Wozniak to agree to sit on the board of directors.[15]
Hawkins was determined to sell directly to buyers. Combined with the fact that Hawkins was pioneering new game brands, this made sales growth more challenging. Retailers wanted to buy known brands from existing distribution partners. After more flyers were handed out, former CEO Larry Probst arrived as VP of Sales in late 1984 and helped the company sustain growth into US$18 million in its third full year.[citation needed] This policy of dealing directly with retailers gave EA higher margins and better market awareness, key advantages the company would leverage to leapfrog its early competitors.[16]
In December 1986, David Gardner and Mark Lewkaspais moved to the UK to open a European headquarters. Up until that point publishing of Electronic Arts Games, and the conversion of many of their games to compact cassette versions in Europe was handled by Ariolasoft.
Most of the early employees of the company disliked the Amazin' Software name that Hawkins had originally chosen when he incorporated the company.[13] While at Apple, Hawkins had enjoyed company offsite meetings at Pajaro Dunes and organized such a planning offsite for EA in October 1982.
Hawkins had developed the ideas of treating software as an art form and calling the developers, "software artists". Hence, the latest version of the business plan had suggested the name "SoftArt". However, Hawkins and Melmon knew the founders of Software Arts, the creators of VisiCalc, and thought their permission should be obtained. Dan Bricklin did not want the name used because it sounded too similar (perhaps "confusingly similar") to Software Arts. However, the name concept was liked by all the attendees. Hawkins had also recently read a best-selling book about the film studio, United Artists, and liked the reputation that the company had created. Early advisers Andy Berlin, Jeff Goodby, and Rich Silverstein (who would soon form their own ad agency Goodby, Silverstein & Partners) were also fans of that approach, and the discussion was led by Hawkins and Berlin. Hawkins said everyone had a vote but they would lose it if they went to sleep.[citation needed]
Hawkins liked the word "electronic", and various employees had considered the phrases "Electronic Artists" and "Electronic Arts". Other candidates included Gordon's suggestion of "Blue Light", a reference from the Disney film Tron.[citation needed] When Gordon and others pushed for "Electronic Artists", in tribute to the film company United Artists, Steve Hayes opposed, saying, "We're not the artists, they are..." meaning that the developers whose games EA would publish were the artists. This statement from Hayes immediately tilted sentiment towards Electronic Arts and the name was unanimously endorsed.[citation needed]
A novel approach to giving credit to its developers was one of EA's trademarks in its early days. This characterization was even further reinforced with EA's packaging of most of their games in the "album cover" pioneered by EA because Hawkins thought that a record album style would both save costs and convey an artistic feeling.[17] EA routinely referred to their developers as "artists" and gave them photo credits in their games and numerous full-page magazine ads. Their first such ad, accompanied by the slogan "We see farther," was the first video game advertisement to feature software designers.[16] EA also shared lavish profits with their developers, which added to their industry appeal. The square "album cover" boxes (such as the covers for 1983's M.U.L.E. and Pinball Construction Set) were a popular packaging concept by Electronic Arts, which wanted to represent their developers as "rock stars".[17]
In the mid-1980s Electronic Arts aggressively marketed products for the Commodore Amiga, a premier home computer of the late 1980s and early 1990s in Europe. Commodore had given EA development tools and prototype machines before Amiga's actual launch. For Amiga EA published some notable non-game titles. A drawing program Deluxe Paint (1985) and its subsequent versions became perhaps the most famous piece of software available for Amiga platform.[18] Other Amiga programs released by EA included Deluxe Music Construction Set, Deluxe Paint Animation and Instant Music. Some of them, most notably Deluxe Paint, were ported to other platforms. For Macintosh EA released a black & white animation tool called Studio/1, and a series of Paint titles called Studio/8 and Studio/32 (1990).
In 1988 EA published a flight simulator game exclusively for Amiga, F/A-18 Interceptor, which received attention due to its vector graphics that were notable for 1988 standards. Another significant Amiga release (also initially available for Atari ST, later converted for numerous other platforms) was Populous (1989) developed by Bullfrog Productions. It was a pioneering and influential title in the genre that was later called "god games".
In 1990, Electronic Arts began producing console games for the Nintendo Entertainment System, after previously licensing its computer games to other console-game publishers.[19] Eventually, Trip Hawkins left EA to found the now defunct 3DO Company.
In 1995 Electronic Arts won the European Computer Trade Show award for best software publisher of the year.[20]
2000–2007[edit]




Headquarters of EA in October 2007.


EA is headquartered in the Redwood Shores neighborhood of Redwood City, California.[21] Following the retirement and departure of Trip Hawkins in 2000, EA decided to replace its logo with a new one, and Larry Probst took over the reins.
In 2004, EA made a multimillion-dollar donation to fund the development of game production curriculum at the University of Southern California's Interactive Media Division. On February 1, 2006, Electronic Arts announced that it would cut worldwide staff by 5 percent.[22] On June 20, 2006 EA purchased Mythic Entertainment, who are finished making Warhammer Online.[23]
After Sega's ESPN NFL 2K5 successfully grabbed market share away from EA's dominant Madden NFL series during the 2004 holiday season, EA responded by making several large sports licensing deals which include an exclusive agreement with the NFL, and in January 2005, a 15-year deal with ESPN.[24] The ESPN deal gave EA exclusive first rights to all ESPN content for sports simulation games. On April 11, 2005, EA announced a similar, 6-year licensing deal with the Collegiate Licensing Company (CLC) for exclusive rights to college football content.[25]
Much of EA's success, both in terms of sales and with regards to its stock market valuation, is due to its strategy of platform-agnostic development and the creation of strong multi-year franchises. EA was the first publisher to release yearly updates of its sports franchises—Madden, FIFA, NHL, NBA Live, Tiger Woods, etc.—with updated player rosters and small graphical and gameplay tweaks.[26] Recognizing the risk of franchise fatigue among consumers, EA announced in 2006 that it would concentrate more of its effort on creating new original intellectual property.[27]
In September 2006, Nokia and EA announced a partnership in which EA becomes an exclusive major supplier of mobile games to Nokia mobile devices through the Nokia Content Discoverer. In the beginning, Nokia customers were able to download seven EA titles (Tetris, Tetris Mania, The Sims 2, Doom, FIFA 06, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 06 and FIFA Street 2) on the holiday season in 2006. Rick Simonson is the executive vice president and director of Nokia and starting from 2006 is affiliated with John Riccitiello and are partners.[28]
2007–2013[edit]
In February 2007, Probst stepped down from the CEO job while remaining on the Board of Directors. His handpicked successor is John Riccitiello, who had worked at EA for several years previously, departed for a while, and then returned.[29] Riccitiello previously worked for Elevation Partners, Sara Lee and PepsiCo. In June 2007, new CEO John Riccitiello announced that EA would reorganize itself into four labels, each with responsibility for its own product development and publishing (the city-state model). The goal of the reorganization was to empower the labels to operate more autonomously, streamline decision-making, increase creativity and quality, and get games into the market faster.[30] This reorganization came after years of consolidation and acquisition by EA of smaller studios, which some in the industry blamed for a decrease in quality of EA titles. In 2008, at the DICE Summit, Riccitiello called the earlier approach of "buy and assimilate" a mistake, often stripping smaller studios of its creative talent. Riccitiello said that the city-state model allows independent developers to remain autonomous to a large extent, and cited Maxis and BioWare as examples of studios thriving under the new structure.[31][32]
Also, in 2007, EA announced that it would be bringing some of its major titles to the Macintosh. EA has released Battlefield 2142, Command & Conquer: Tiberium Wars, Crysis, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Madden NFL 08, Need for Speed: Carbon and Spore for the Mac. All of the new games have been developed for the Macintosh using Cider, a technology developed by TransGaming that enables Intel-based Macs to run Windows games inside a translation layer running on Mac OS X. They are not playable on PowerPC-based Macs.[33]
In October 2007, EA purchased Super Computer International, a long-standing industry provider of game server hosting for development studios, who were currently developing the new Playlinc software. A week later they then purchased VG Holding Corp, the parent company of BioWare and Pandemic Studios.
It was revealed in February 2008 that Electronic Arts had made a takeover bid for rival game company Take-Two Interactive. After its initial offer of US$25 per share, all cash stock transaction offer was rejected by the Take-Two board, EA revised it to US$26 per share, a 64% premium over the previous day's closing price and made the offer known to the public.[34] Rumours had been floating around the Internet prior to the offer about Take-Two possibly being bought over by a bigger company, albeit with Viacom as the potential bidder.[35][36] In May 2008, EA announced that it will purchase the assets of Hands-On Mobile Korea, a South Korean mobile game developer and publisher. The company will become EA Mobile Korea.[37] In September 2008, EA dropped its buyout offer of Take-Two. No reason was given.[38]
As of November 6, 2008 it was confirmed that Electronic Arts is closing their Casual Label & merging it with their Hasbro partnership with The Sims Label.[39] EA also confirmed the departure of Kathy Vrabeck, who was given the position as former president of the EA Casual Division in May 2007. EA made this statement about the merger: "We've learned a lot about casual entertainment in the past two years, and found that casual gaming defies a single genre and demographic. With the retirement and departure of Kathy Vrabeck, EA is reorganizing to integrate casual games—development and marketing—into other divisions of our business. We are merging our Casual Studios, Hasbro partnership, and Casual marketing organization with The Sims Label to be a new Sims and Casual Label, where there is a deep compatibility in the product design, marketing and demographics. [...] In the days and weeks ahead, we will make further announcements on the reporting structure for the other businesses in the Casual Label including EA Mobile, Pogo, Media Sales and Online Casual Initiatives. Those businesses remain growth priorities for EA and deserve strong support in a group that will compliment their objectives."[40] This statement comes a week after EA announced it was laying off 6% about 600 of their staff positions and had a US$310 million net loss for the quarter.[41]
Due to the 2008 Economic Crisis, Electronic Arts had a poorer than expected 2008 holiday season, moving it in February 2009 to cut approximately 1100 jobs, which it said represented about 11% of its workforce. It also closed 12 of their facilities. Riccitiello, in a conference call with reporters, stated that their poor performance in the fourth quarter was not due entirely to the poor economy, but also to the fact that they did not release any blockbuster titles in the quarter. In the quarter ending December 31, 2008, the company lost US$641 million. As of early May 2009, the subsidiary studio EA Redwood Shores was known as Visceral Games.[42][43] On June 24, 2009, EA announced it will merge two of its development studios, BioWare and Mythic into one single role-playing video game and MMO development powerhouse. The move will actually place Mythic under control of BioWare as Ray Muzyka and Greg Zeschuk will be in direct control of the new entity.[44] By fall 2012, both Muzyka and Zeschuk had chosen to depart the merged entity in a joint retirement announcement.[45][46][47]
On November 9, 2009, EA announced its acquisition of social casual games developer Playfish for US$275 million.[48] On the same day, the company announced layoffs of 1500 employees, representing 17% of its workforce, across a number of studios including EA Tiburon, Visceral Games, Mythic and EA Black Box. Also affected were "projects and support activities" that, according to Chief Financial Officer Eric Brown "don't make economic sense",[49] resulting in the shutdown of popular communities such as Battlefield News at the Wayback Machine (archived January 12, 2006) and the EA Community Team at the Wayback Machine (archived February 5, 2009). These layoffs also led to the complete shutdown of Pandemic Studios.[50]

"Chillingo" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Chilango.
In October 2010, EA announced the acquisition of UK based iPhone and iPad games publisher Chillingo for US$20 million in cash. Chillingo published the popular Angry Birds for iOS and Cut the Rope for all platforms, but the deal did not include those properties,[51] so Cut the Rope became published by ZeptoLab, and Angry Birds became published by Rovio Entertainment.
2013–present[edit]
On March 18, 2013, John Riccitello announced that he would be stepping down as CEO and a member of the Board of Directors on March 30, 2013. Larry Probst was also appointed executive chairman on the same day.[52]
In April 2013, EA announced a reorganization which was to include dismissal of 10% of their workforce, consolidation of marketing functions which were distributed among the five label organizations, and subsumption of Origin operational leadership under the President of Labels.[53][54] In May 2013, EA announced that they had partnered with Disney to release Star Wars games from 2013 to 2023 exclusively. EA's subsidiaries including BioWare, DICE, Visceral Games, Motive Studios, Capital Games and external developer Respawn Entertainment, were responsible in creating new video games set in the Star Wars universe.[55][56] Andrew Wilson was appointed the CEO of EA.[57] In April 2015, EA announced that it would be shutting down various free-to-play games in July of that year, including Battlefield Heroes, Battlefield Play4Free, Need for Speed: World, and FIFA World.[58]
During E3 2015, vice president of the company, Patrick Söderlund, announced that the company will start investing more on smaller titles such as Unravel so as to broaden the company's portfolio.[59] On December 10, 2015, EA announced a new division called Competitive Gaming Division, which focuses on creating competitive game experience and organizing ESports events. It was once headed by Peter Moore.[60]
In May 2016, Electronic Arts announced that they had formed a new internal division called Frostbite Labs. The new department specializes in creating new projects for virtual reality platforms, and "virtual humans". The new department is located in Stockholm and Vancouver.[61]
Electronic Arts company structure[edit]
EA is headed by chairman Larry Probst and CEO Andrew Wilson. Many have attributed former CEO John Riccitiello's success in leading EA to his passion as a gamer.[62] Electronic Arts has four main labels (divisions), with numerous studios falling under each one.[63]
EA Games[edit]
Home to the largest number of studio and development teams, this label is responsible for action-adventure, role playing, racing and combat games, marketed under the EA brand. In addition to traditional packaged-goods games, EA Games also develops massively multiplayer online role-playing games. Led by Patrick Söderlund.[64]

Criterion Games
EA Digital Illusions CE (formerly Digital Illusions Creative Entertainment, DICE)

DICE Los Angeles


Ghost Games
Visceral Games (formerly EA Redwood Shores)
EA BioWare—focuses on creating multiplatform, role-playing, MMO and strategy games. Includes

BioWare Edmonton
BioWare Austin
BioWare Montreal


Motive Studios

EA Sports[edit]
Main article: EA Sports
Publishes all the realistic, casual, and freestyle sports-based titles from EA, including FIFA Football, Madden NFL, Fight Night, NBA Live, NCAA Football, Cricket, NCAA March Madness, Tiger Woods PGA Tour, NHL Hockey, NASCAR and Rugby. Led by Patrick Söderlund.[64]

EA Tiburon (Florida)
EA Canada (Burnaby)

EA Maxis[edit]
Main article: EA Maxis
Known for The Sims series, EA Maxis develops and markets life-simulation games and online communities. The label is headquartered at EA's campus in Redwood Shores. Maxis' original studio in Emeryville was closed in March 2015. The studio now sits under the leadership of the SVP of EA Mobile.[65] The label had previously been renamed EA Play.

Maxis Redwood Shores

The Sims Studio


Maxis Salt Lake
Maxis Melbourne
Maxis Helsinki

EA All Play[edit]
Includes original EA and partner franchises like The Simpsons, Tetris, SCRABBLE, MONOPOLY, World Series of Poker, Real Racing, Ultima, as well as online games for the Pogo.com online service.

PopCap Games
EA Mobile

SEED[edit]
The Search for Extraordinary Experiences Division (SEED) was revealed at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2017 as a technology research division and incubator, using tools like deep learning and neural networks to bring in player experiences and other external factors to help them with developing more immersive narratives and games.[66][67] SEED has offices in Los Angeles and Stockholm.[68]
Owned studios and partnership companies[edit]
Current[edit]

BioWare in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada and Montreal, Quebec, Canada and Austin, Texas and Galway, Ireland founded in February 1995, acquired October 2007 from Elevation Partners.
Chillingo in Macclesfield, United Kingdom
Criterion Games in Guildford, England, founded as Criterion Software in 1993, acquired in August 2004.
EA Baton Rouge (formerly North American Testing Center) in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, opened in September 2008.
EA Canada in Burnaby, British Columbia, started in January 1983.
EA Casual Entertainment
EA China in Shanghai, China
EA Deutschland in Cologne, Germany
EA DICE in Stockholm, Sweden, founded in 1992, acquired in 2005.
EA France in Lyon, France
EIS (European Integration Studio) in Madrid, Spain
EA India, Noida, India
EA Japan, Tokyo, Japan
EA Mobile Japan Studio, Tokyo, Japan
EA Brazil, São Paulo, Brazil
Spearhead in Seoul, South Korea, founded in 1998 as EA Korea.
DICE Los Angeles in Los Angeles, California, founded as DreamWorks Interactive LLC in 1995, acquired in 2000.
EA Romania in Bucharest, Romania, founded as JAMDAT Mobile Romania in 2005, acquired in 2006.
EA Russia in Moscow, Russia, translate in Russian
EA Mobile in Los Angeles, California
EA Montreal in Montreal, Quebec, Canada started in 2004.
EA San Francisco in Embarcadero, San Francisco
EA Salt Lake in Salt Lake City, Utah, founded as Headgate Studios, founded in 1992, acquired December 2006.
EA Singapore in Singapore
EA Sports made up of EA Canada in Burnaby, Canada and EA Tiburon Maitland, Florida, publisher of EA's sports franchise games
EA Tiburon in Maitland, Florida founded as Tiburon Entertainment in 1994, acquired in 1998.
Easy Studios in Stockholm, Sweden. Founded in 2008 developing PC games for EA's new Play4Free series.
Ghost Games in Gothenburg, Sweden, England, UK and Bucharest, Romania, founded as EA Gothenburg in 2011, rebranded in 2012.
Motive Studios in Montreal, Quebec, Canada started in 2015.
PopCap Games in Seattle, Washington acquired in 2011.
The Sims Studio in Redwood City, California founded in 2006.
Uprise (formerly ESN) in Uppsala, Sweden, founded in 2002, acquired in 2012.
Visceral Games in Redwood City, California, also has an office in Shanghai, China; founded as EA Redwood Shores in 1998.
Capital Games in Sacramento, California founded in 2008, specialised in creating mobile games.

Defunct[edit]

Original HQ in San Mateo, California, moved to Redwood City in 1998.
Origin Systems in Austin, Texas founded in 1983, acquired in 1992, closed in 2004.
Bullfrog Productions in Surrey, England, founded in 1987, acquired in 1995,[69] merged with EA UK and effectively closed in 2001.
EA Baltimore in Baltimore, Maryland, established in 1996 as part of Origin, closed in 2000
EA Seattle in Seattle, Washington, founded in 1982 as Manley & Associates, acquired January 29, 1996, closed in 2002
Maxis in Walnut Creek, California, founded in 1987, acquired in June 1997, folded into Redwood Shores (now Visceral Games) in 2004.
Westwood Studios in Las Vegas, Nevada, founded in 1987, acquired from Virgin Interactive Entertainment in August 1998, merged into EA Los Angeles in 2003.
EA Pacific (known for a time as Westwood Pacific) in Irvine, California, formerly part of Virgin Interactive, acquired with Westwood in 1998, closed in 2003
Kesmai (known also as GameStorm), founded in 1981, acquired in 1999, closed in 2001.
DICE Canada in London, Ontario, started in 1998, acquired DICE fully October 2, 2006; closed DICE Canada studio hours later.
EA UK in Chertsey, United Kingdom, moved to EA Bright Light in Guildford.
EA Chicago in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, founded in 1990 as NuFX, acquired in 2004, closed November 6, 2007.
Pandemic Studios in Los Angeles, California and Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, founded in 1998, acquired October 2007 from Elevation Partners, closed November 17, 2009.
EA Bright Light, in Guildford, Surrey, formerly EA UK, closed in 2011.
EA Black Box in Burnaby, Canada, founded in 1998, acquired in 2002, closed on April 2013.
EA Mobile Brazil in São Paulo, Brazil, closed in 2013.
EA Phenomic in Ingelheim, Germany, founded as Phenomic Game Development in 1997, acquired August 2006 and closed down in 2013.
Playfish in London, England, acquired in 2009, closed down in 2013.
Danger Close Games in Los Angeles, founded as DreamWorks Interactive, LLC. in 1995, acquired in 2000, renamed as EA Los Angeles and closed down in 2013.
EA North Carolina in Morrisville, North Carolina, closed in 2013[70]
Victory Games in Los Angeles, California, also has offices in Austin, Texas and Shanghai, China; founded in 2010 and closed down in 2013 as Danger Close.
Mythic Entertainment in Fairfax, Virginia, founded as Interworld Productions in 1995, acquired in June 2006 and closed down in May 2014.
Maxis in Emeryville, California, founded in 1987, acquired in July 1997, and closed down in March 2015.
Waystone was disbanded in November 2014.[71]

EA Partners program[edit]
The EA Partners co-publishing arm is dedicated to publishing and distributing games developed by third-party developers. Notable publishing/distribution agreements include:

Alice: Madness Returns – Spicy Horse
APB – Realtime Worlds
Brütal Legend – Double Fine Productions
Bulletstorm – Epic Games
Crysis series – Crytek
DeathSpank – Hothead Games
Fuse – Insomniac Games[72]
Hellgate: London – Flagship Studios
Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning – 38 Studios, Big Huge Games
Rock Band series – Harmonix and MTV Games
The Secret World – Funcom[73]
Shadows of the Damned – Grasshopper Manufacture
Shank series – Klei Entertainment
Syndicate – Starbreeze Studios
Titanfall series – Respawn Entertainment
Warp – Trapdoor

EA Originals program[edit]
 EA Originals is a program within Electronic Arts to help support independently-developed video games. The program was announced at EA's press event at the 2016 E3 Conference, and builds upon the success they had with Unravel in 2015. The first game to be supported under this program is Fe by Zoink Games, with plans for release in 2017.[74] It will be followed by Sea of Solitude and A Way Out.
Games by Electronic Arts[edit]
Main article: List of Electronic Arts games
Some of the most notable and popular games of video game history have been published by EA, and many of these are listed below. Though EA published these titles, they did not always develop them; some were developed by independent game development studios. EA developed their first internally developed game in 1987.

Pinball Construction Set (1983) by Bill Budge[75]
M.U.L.E. (1983) by Dan Bunten and Ozark Softscape
Archon: The Light and the Dark (1983) by Paul Reiche III and Free Fall Associates
The Bard's Tale (1985) by Interplay Productions
Skate or Die! (1987), EA's first internally developed title
Madden NFL series (1989–present)
Populous (1989) by Bullfrog which EA acquired in 1995
Wing Commander series (1992 onwards, previous games published in-house)
Desert Strike: Return to the Gulf (1992) by EA's High Score Production group
FIFA series (1993–present)
Dungeon Keeper series (titles from 1997 to 1999) by Bullfrog Productions
Ultima Online (1997) by Origin Systems
Command & Conquer series (titles from 1999 to 2013) by Westwood Studios (earlier titles released by Virgin Interactive)
SimCity series (titles from 1999–present) by Maxis (earlier titles released by other publishers)
Medal of Honor series (1999–2012)
Need for Speed series (1994–present)
James Bond series (1999–2005)
American McGee's Alice (2000)
The Sims series (2000–present) by Maxis (2000-2006, 2013–present) and The Sims Studio (2007-2012)
Battlefield series (2002–present) by EA Digital Illusions CE
Crysis series (2007–present) by Crytek
Rock Band series (2007–2010) by Harmonix
Spore series (2008–present) by Maxis
Army of Two series (2008–present) by EA Montreal
Dead Space series (2008–present) by Visceral Games
Mirror's Edge series (2008–present) by EA Digital Illusions CE
Dragon Age series (2009–present) by BioWare
Mass Effect series (starting with the PC release of the first game, the original Xbox 360 version was published by Microsoft) (2008–present)
Dante's Inferno (2010) by Visceral Games
Star Wars: The Old Republic (2011) by BioWare
EA Sports UFC (2014–present) by EA Canada
Star Wars Battlefront (2015) by EA Digital Illusions CE

Upcoming titles[edit]

Madden NFL 18 (PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
FIFA 18 (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One)
NBA Live 18 (PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Star Wars Battlefront II (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Need for Speed Payback (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
A Way Out (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Anthem (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Fe (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Sea of Solitude (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)

Controversies[edit]
Studio acquisition and management practices[edit]
See also: List of acquisitions by Electronic Arts
During its period of fastest growth, EA was often criticized for buying smaller development studios primarily for their intellectual property assets, and then producing drastically changed games of their franchises. For example, Origin-produced Ultima VIII: Pagan and Ultima IX: Ascension were developed quickly under EA's ownership, over the protests of Ultima creator Richard Garriott,[76] and these two are widely considered[77] to be sub-par compared to the rest of the series.[78][79]
In early 2008, CEO John Riccitiello acknowledged that this practice by EA was wrong and that the company now gives acquired studios greater autonomy without "meddling" in their corporate culture.[31]
In 2008, John D. Carmack of id Software said that EA is no longer the "Evil Empire"[80]

I'll admit that, if you asked me years ago, I still had thoughts that EA was the Evil Empire, the company that crushes the small studios...I'd have been surprised, if you told me a year ago that we'd end up with EA as a publisher. When we went out and talked to people, especially EA Partners people like Valve, we got almost uniformly positive responses from them.

Like other EA Partners, such as Harmonix/MTV Games, Carmack stressed that EA Partners deal "isn't really a publishing arrangement. Instead, they really offer a menu of services—Valve takes one set of things, Crytek takes a different set, and we're probably taking a third set".[80]
EA was criticized for shutting down some of its acquired studios after they released poorly performing games (for instance, Origin).[81] Though, in some of the cases, the shutdown was merely a reformation of teams working at different small studios into a single studio.[82][83] In the past, Magic Carpet 2 was rushed to completion over the objections of designer Peter Molyneux and it shipped during the holiday season with several major bugs. Studios such as Origin and Bullfrog Productions had previously produced games attracting significant fanbases. Many fans also became annoyed that their favorite developers were closed down, but some developers, for example the EALA studio, have stated that they try to carry on the legacy of the old studio (Westwood Studios). Once EA received criticism from labor groups for its dismissals of large groups of employees during the closure of a studio. However, later, it was confirmed that layoffs were not heavily confined to one team or another, countering early rumors that the teams were specifically targeted—countering the implication that the under performance of certain games might have been the catalyst.[84]
EA was once criticized for the acquisition of 19.9 percent of shares of its competitor Ubisoft, a move that Ubisoft's then spokesperson initially described as a "hostile act".[85] However, Ubisoft CEO Yves Guillemot later indicated that a merger with EA was a possibility, stating, "The first option for us is to manage our own company and grow it. The second option is to work with the movie industry, and the third is to merge."[86] However, in July 2010, EA elected to sell its reduced 15 percent share in Ubisoft.[87] That share equated to roughly €94 million (US$122 million).[88]
Treatment of employees[edit]
In 2004, Electronic Arts was criticized for employees working extraordinarily long hours—up to 100 hours per week—and not just at "crunch" times leading up to the scheduled releases of products. The publication of the EA Spouse blog, with criticisms such as "The current mandatory hours are 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.—seven days a week—with the occasional Saturday evening off for good behavior (at 6:30 PM)."[89] The company has since settled a class action lawsuit brought by game artists to compensate for unpaid overtime.[90] The class was awarded US$15.6 million. As a result, many of the lower-level developers (artists, programmers, producers, and designers) are now working at an hourly rate. A similar suit brought by programmers was settled for US$14.9 million.[91]
Since these criticisms first aired, it has been reported that EA has taken steps to address work-life balance concerns by focusing on long-term project planning, compensation, and communication with employees. These efforts accelerated with the arrival of John Riccitiello as CEO in February 2007. In December 2007, an internal EA employee survey showed a 13% increase in employee morale and a 21% increase in perception of management recognition over a three-year period.[92]
In May 2008, "EA Spouse" blog author Erin Hoffman, speaking to videogame industry news site Gamasutra, stated that EA had made significant progress, but may now be falling into old patterns again. Hoffman said that "I think EA is tremendously reformed, having made some real strong efforts to get the right people into their human resources department", and "I've been hearing from people who have gotten overtime pay there and I think that makes a great deal of difference. In fact, I've actually recommended to a few people I know to apply for jobs there", but she also said she has begun to hear "horror stories" once again.[93]
Game quality[edit]
For 2006, the games review aggregation site Metacritic gives the average of EA games as 72.0 (out of 100); 2.5 points behind Nintendo (74.5) but ahead of the other first-party publishers Microsoft (71.6) and Sony (71.2). The closest third-party publisher is Take-Two Interactive (publishing as 2K Games and Rockstar Games) at 70.3. The remaining top 10 publishers (Sega, THQ, Ubisoft, Activision, Square Enix) all rate in the mid 60s. Since 2005, EA has published eight games that received "Universal Acclaim" in at least one platform (Metacritic score 90 or greater): Battlefield 2, Crysis, Rock Band, FIFA 12, FIFA 13, Mass Effect 2, Mass Effect 3, and Dragon Age: Origins.
EA's aggregate review performance had shown a downward trend in quality over recent years and was expected to affect market shares during competitive seasons. Pacific Crest Securities analyst Evan Wilson had said, "Poor reviews and quality are beginning to tarnish the EA brand. According to our ongoing survey of GameRankings.com aggregated review data, Electronic Arts' overall game quality continues to fall... Although market share has not declined dramatically to date, in years such as 2007, which promises to have tremendous competition, it seems likely if quality does not improve."[94][95]
EA had also received criticism for developing games that lack innovation vis-à-vis the number of gaming titles produced under the EA brand that show a history of yearly updates, particularly in their sporting franchises. These typically retail as new games at full market price and feature only updated team rosters in addition to incremental changes to game mechanics, the user interface, and graphics. One critique compared EA to companies like Ubisoft and concluded that EA's innovation in new and old IPs "Crawls along at a snail's pace,"[96] while even the company's own CEO, John Riccitiello, acknowledged the lack of innovation seen in the industry generally, saying, "We're boring people to death and making games that are harder and harder to play. For the most part, the industry has been rinse-and-repeat. There's been lots of product that looked like last year's product, that looked a lot like the year before." EA has announced that it is turning its attention to creating new game IPs in order to stem this trend, with recently acquired and critically acclaimed studios BioWare and Pandemic would be contributing to this process.[97][98] In 2012, EA’s games were ranked highest of all large publishers in the industry, according to Metacritic.[99]
On December 19, 2013, EA was hit with a class action lawsuit over the bugs in the Battlefield 4 DLC. EA issued a statement regarding the various issues and bugs of the game and promised players that these issues would be fixed before the launch of the next generation consoles. This was not the case as players on both the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One had the same problems. The problems were so severe that they made certain parts of the game unplayable due to campaign save files being corrupted and players being unable to start or join multiplayer servers. Players expressed their outrage on the forums of Battlelog, EA Answers HQ and social news sites such as Reddit.[100] EA DICE responded by apologizing for the bugs and promising that they would halt all production of the release of new DLC packages until they fixed the various problems.
Sports licensing and exclusivity[edit]
On June 5, 2008, a lawsuit was filed in Oakland, California alleging Electronic Arts is breaking United States anti-trust laws by signing exclusive contracts with the NFL Players Association, the NCAA and Arena Football League, to use players' names, likenesses and team logos. This keeps other companies from being able to sign the same agreements. The suit further accuses EA of raising the price of games associated with these licenses as a result of this action.[101] In an interview with GameTap, Peter Moore said it was the NFL that sought the deal. "To be clear, the NFL was the entity that wanted the exclusive relationship. EA bid, as did a number of other companies, for the exclusive relationship", Moore said. "It wasn't on our behest that this went exclusive... We bid and we were very fortunate and lucky and delighted to be the winning licensee."[102] While EA argued the player's likenesses was incidentally used, this was rejected by the United States Courts of Appeals in 2015.[103] A further appeal to the US Supreme Court was unsuccessful.[104] In June 2016, EA settled with Jim Brown for $600,000.[105]
On September 26, 2013, EA settled a series of wide-ranging class action lawsuits filed by former NCAA players accusing EA and others of unauthorized use of player likenesses in their football and basketball games. EA settled the lawsuit for an undisclosed amount.[106][107] The settlement is reported to be around $40 million, to be paid to between 200,000 and 300,000 players.[108]
EULA and DRM[edit]
In the September 2008 release of EA's game Spore it was revealed that the DRM scheme included a program called SecuROM and a lifetime machine-activation limit of three (3) instances. A huge public outcry over this DRM scheme broke out over the Internet and swarmed Amazon.com with one-star ratings and critical reviews of the game in order to get EA to "pay attention to their consumers".[109] This DRM scheme, which was intended to hinder the efforts of infringers to illegally use and distribute EA software, instead mainly affected paying customers, as the game itself was copied and distributed well before release.[110] On September 13, 2008, it was announced (by TorrentFreak's statistics) that Spore was the most torrented game ever with over half a million illegal downloads within the first week of release.[111] In response to customer reaction, EA officially announced its release of upcoming Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3 would increase the installation limit to 5 rather than 3.[112]
On September 22, 2008, a global class action lawsuit was filed against EA regarding the DRM in Spore, complaining about EA not disclosing the existence of SecuROM in the game manual, and addressing how SecuROM runs with the nature of a rootkit, including how it remains on the hard drive even after Spore is uninstalled.[113][114][115] On October 14, 2008, a similar class action lawsuit was filed against EA for the inclusion of DRM software in the free demo version of the Creature Creator.[116]
On March 31, 2009, EA released a "De-Authorization Management Tool" that allows customers who have installed games containing the SecuROM activation scheme to "de-authorize" a computer, freeing up one of the five machine "slots" to be used on another machine.[117]
On June 24, 2009, EA announced a change in its approach to preventing copyright infringement of PC games. While eliminating the DRM that uniquely identifies a machine, the plan described a replacement with a traditional CD-key check. With an emphasis on downloaded content, the plan moved toward software as a service.[118] In 2013, EA received criticism regarding its persistent online authentication system as implemented in the SimCity reboot.[119][120]
Advertising[edit]
In 2009, EA arranged a fake protest outside the Electronic Entertainment Expo to draw attention to the game Dante's Inferno.[121] Ostensibly Christian protestors bore placards objecting to the game's themes involving hell and damnation, and it was not clear until several days later that the event had been staged. Several Christian bloggers criticized the event for perpetuating negative stereotypes about Christians.
A 2011 advertising campaign for Dead Space 2 featured older women reacting negatively to the game with the campaign slogan "Your mom hates Dead Space 2". Two hundred women had been selected for their conservative values and lack of familiarity with video games, and their reactions to a screening of the game were featured in EA's web and TV advertisements.[122] The campaign was at first admired, but soon described as sexist and ageist, with some claiming that it was reinforcing outdated stereotypes against female and older gamers.[123][124][125][126] As of 2010, 40% of video game players were women and the average game player was 34 years old.[127]
On February 24, 2011, the Extra Credits team (at the time on The Escapist) published the episode "An Open Letter to EA Marketing", denouncing Electronic Arts' marketing decisions for the Dante's Inferno, Medal of Honor and Dead Space 2 releases. They argue that EA's decisions to hire fake protesters and market games solely on shock value, while neglecting to defend the Medal of Honor on a First Amendment basis for letting the player play as the Taliban, have been hurtful to the gaming industry. They also argue that the advertisements are counterproductive to Electronic Arts' wishes to elevate games to an art medium as demonstrated in the 1980s Electronic Arts ad 'Can a Computer Make You Cry?'.[128][129]
Mass Effect 3's ending was poorly received by both critics and fans due to the inconsistencies between statements by BioWare staff during the game's development and the form the endings ultimately took.[130][131][132][133] Displeased by the ending, one player took his complaint to the Federal Trade Commission, the agency created to protect consumers. His argument was that BioWare did not deliver on the promise of its game, saying the end product did not match with the advertising campaign and PR interviews for the game.[134] The U.S. Better Business Bureau also responded to the controversy, supporting claims by fans that BioWare falsely advertised the player's "complete" control over the game's final outcome.[135][136] The UK's Advertising Standards Authority disagreed, ruling that EA and BioWare were not guilty of false advertisement since the endings were "thematically quite different", and the choices and readiness rating reflected in the ending content were significant enough to avoid actionable misleading of consumers under existing law.[137]
According to a Reddit administrator and a former moderator of the subreddit devoted to the 2015 Star Wars Battlefront, moderators removed posts critical of the game at the direction of EA personnel in exchange for pre-release access to the game.[138]
LGBT controversies[edit]
See also: Gender representation in video games § Portrayal of LGBT characters
EA has been noted for its inclusion of LGBT characters in games, and was among the companies given a perfect LGBT workplace score by the Human Rights Campaign in 2014.[139]
The positive portrayals of LGBT characters in games by EA subsidiary BioWare have motivated fan support and also backlash.[140] Several employees involved in Dragon Age II received hate mail and threats following its release.[140][141] BioWare lead writer David Gaider responded to a fan upset by the game's bisexual romances, denying the fan's ability to speak for all straight male gamers and writing, "the person who says that the only way to please them is to restrict options for others is, if you ask me, the one who deserves it least."[142]
Over the years from 2006 through 2012, various quotes both truly and falsely attributed to BioWare writer Jennifer Hepler were circulated online by fans who considered her emblematic of their complaints.[143] After one quote from a 2006 interview was used to link Hepler with unpopular changes to Dragon Age II's combat systems, Hepler was harassed by telephone and online.[141] The issue tapped into longstanding discontent over games being simplified to appeal to broader audiences.[143] Backlash was also related to Hepler's writing for Anders, the character that prompted the "straight male gamer" complaint.[143][144] According to Susana Polo in The Mary Sue, Hepler's gender may have intensified the harassment she experienced, but it was more directly the result of her being scapegoated for EA's pivot towards casual gamers.[144]
EA refused to abandon plans to add gay romances to Star Wars: The Old Republic that were opposed by the Family Research Council.[145] An online petition gathered more than 60,000 signatures in support of EA's decision before the petition became compromised by automated spam signatures.[146] The automated signatures were discovered by Reddit and 4chan users, who accused EA of using the issue to link broader criticism of EA with homophobia.[146] When eventually added to the game, the same-sex romances were ridiculed for being confined to a single "gay planet".[147]
The Consumerist rating as "Worst Company in America"[edit]
In April 2012, The Consumerist awarded EA with the title of "Worst Company in America" along with a ceremonial Golden Poo trophy.[148] The record-breaking poll drew in more than 250,000 votes and saw EA beating out such regulars as AT&T and Walmart. The final round of voting pitted EA against Bank of America. EA won with 50,575 votes or 64.03%.[149] This result came in the aftermath of the Mass Effect 3 ending controversy which several commentators viewed as a significant contribution to EA's win in the poll.[149][150] Other explanations include use of day-one DLC and EA's habit of acquiring smaller developers to squash competition.[151] EA spokesman John Reseburg responded to the poll by saying, "We're sure that bank presidents, oil, tobacco and weapons companies are all relieved they weren't on the list this year. We're going to continue making award-winning games and services played by more than 300 million people worldwide."[152][153]
In April 2013, EA won The Consumerist's poll for "Worst Company in America" a second time, consecutively, becoming the first company to do so. Games mentioned in the announcement included the critically controversial Mass Effect 3 for its ending, Dead Space 3 for its use of micro transactions, and the more recent SimCity reboot due to its poorly handled launch. Additionally, poor customer support, "nickel and diming", and public dismissiveness of criticisms were also given as explanations for the results of the poll. The Consumerist summarized the results by asking, "When we live in an era marked by massive oil spills, faulty foreclosures by bad banks, and rampant consolidation in the airline and telecom industry, what does it say about EA’s business practices that so many people have — for the second year in a row — come out to hand it the title of Worst Company in America?"[154]
When asked about the poll by VentureBeat, Frank Gibeau, President of EA Labels, responded "we take it seriously, and want to see it change. In the last few months, we have started making changes to the business practices that gamers clearly don’t like."[155] Gibeau attributes the elimination of online passes, the decision to make The Sims 4 a single-player, offline experience, as well as the unveiling of more new games to the shift in thinking. "The point is we are listening, and we are changing," Gibeau said.[155]
Dungeon Keeper Mobile app store vote manipulation[edit]
In 2013, EA released Dungeon Keeper Mobile, a free-to-play mobile variant of the popular 1990's strategy game Dungeon Keeper. The game was poorly received by both game critics and users. Critics noted that an in-game prompt claimed that "5-star ratings from you help us provide free updates!", suggesting that the games' creators would stop providing new content if players did not give the game sufficiently high ratings. The rating system involved a redirect process to the mobile storefront on which the game was sold; it was also pointed out that if players rated the game anything less than 5 stars, the game would not redirect them and not actually cast their vote, never indicating this to the user. This led to accusations of EA fraudulently manipulating the game's rating system and its subsequent score on mobile storefronts.[156]
In June 2014, Electronic Arts CEO Andrew Wilson made a public apology for the game, stating that it was a "shame" that he regretted.[157]
In July 2014, the UK-based Advertising Standards Authority banned a Dungeon Keeper Mobile ad from broadcast, stating that the advertisement "deliberately misled consumers" and made false statements about the game's pricing and free-to-play nature.[158] Later that same month Frank Gibeau, head of EA's mobile division, stated that the game's failure was attributed to audiences "not being ready" and that the game "innovated too much". These remarks resulted in backlash from game journalist media and users alike.[159]
See also[edit]


San Francisco Bay Area portal
Companies portal



History of video games
List of Electronic Arts games

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Electronic Arts Inc. Fiscal Year 2016 Proxy Statement and Annual Report" (PDF). Electronic Arts. Archived (PDF) from the original on March 26, 2017. Retrieved March 25, 2017. 
^ Grub, Jeff (April 20, 2015). "Gaming’s top 25 public companies generated $54.1B in revenue last year". VentureBeat. Archived from the original on April 5, 2016. Retrieved March 23, 2016. 
^ Davison, Pete. "E3: EA's Press Conference: The Round-Up". GamePro. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. 
^ "About Us | Locations". Electronic Arts. Archived from the original on August 19, 2011. 
^ Curtis, Tom. "EA reorganizes after a landmark $1B digital year". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. 
^ Totilo, Stephen. "This is What EA’s Up To (On the Day Zynga Hired One of Their Top Guys)". Kotaku. Archived from the original on January 5, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2017. 
^ "EA.com Acquires Leading Games Destination pogo.com". GameZone. February 28, 2001. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Schonfeld, Erick (November 9, 2009). "Not Playing Around. EA Buys Playfish For $300 Million, Plus a $100 Million Earnout". TechCrunch. Archived from the original on September 25, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Wingfield, Nick (June 3, 2011). "EA to Test Its Might Online". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "EA to Acquire NFS world hack". Archived from the original on August 19, 2014. 
^ Curtis, Tom. "EA reorganizes after a landmark $1B digital year". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2017. 
^ "Electronic Arts entry". Sequoiacap.com. Archived from the original on March 8, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Keefer, John (March 31, 2006). "GameSpy Retro: Developer Origins". GameSpy. Archived from the original on May 31, 2009. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Fleming, Jeffrey (February 12, 2007). "We See Farther - A History of Electronic Arts". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution By Steven Levy, page 335
^ a b "EA Studios: The 32-Bit Generation". Next Generation. Imagine Media (11): 97–99. November 1995. 
^ a b "The History of the Pinball Construction Set: Launching Millions of Creative Possibilities". Gamasutra.com. Archived from the original on March 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Jimmy Maher: The Future was Here, a book published by MIT press, 2012
^ "Electronic Arts Inks Pact With Nintendo". Computer Gaming World. May 1990. p. 50. Archived from the original on December 3, 2013. Retrieved November 16, 2013. 
^ "PlayStation Dominates European Show". Next Generation. Imagine Media (6): 15. June 1995. 
^ "EA Redwood Shores". Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. 
^ "Electronic Arts cuts staff by 5 percent". GameSpot. Archived from the original on April 1, 2014. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Electronic Arts To Acquire Mythic Entertainment". Gamasutra.com. June 20, 2006. Archived from the original on February 14, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Surette, Tim (December 13, 2004). "Big Deal: EA and NFL ink exclusive licensing agreement". GameSpot. Archived from the original on November 13, 2014. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "All Madden, all the time". ESPN. December 14, 2004. Archived from the original on December 7, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA Puts it "In the Game"". Archive.gamespy.com. Archived from the original on March 20, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA moves towards new IPs". Gamesindustry.biz. November 30, 2006. Archived from the original on July 21, 2007. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA to Supply Games for Nokia Mobile Devices | Game Guru". Gameguru.in. September 14, 2006. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ Crecente, Brian (December 8, 2014). "Larry Probst, Electronic Arts' Executive Chairman, Steps Down from Company and Remains on Board". Polygon. Archived from the original on September 24, 2015. Retrieved August 6, 2015. 
^ "EA Announces New Company Structure". Gamasutra.com. June 18, 2007. Archived from the original on February 14, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Kohler, Chris (February 8, 2008). "EA's CEO: How I Learned To Acquire Developers And Not *** Them Up". Blog.wired.com. Archived from the original on April 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Schiesel, Seth (February 19, 2008). "A Company Looks to Its Creative Side to Regain What It Had Lost". The New York Times. Archived from the original on May 12, 2011. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ "EA ships four Mac games". MacWorld. March 17, 2009. Archived from the original on November 11, 2015. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Terdiman, Daniel (February 24, 2008). "EA tries to buy Take-Two to keep its top spot". CNET. Archived from the original on September 23, 2015. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ McWhertor, Michael (December 20, 2007). "Take-two Interactive: Analyst "Convinced" That Take-Two Will Be Swallowed". Kotaku. Archived from the original on December 23, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Dinsey, Stuart (February 7, 2008). "Viacom to buy Take Two for $1.5 billion?". MCVUK. Archived from the original on September 11, 2014. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Electronic Arts to acquire Korean mobile developer". Associated Press. May 22, 2008. Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "Electronic Arts drops buyout bid for rival". CTV News. Archived from the original on June 28, 2012. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Crecente, Brian (November 6, 2008). "Electronic Arts: Electronic Arts Ditches Casual Label, Merges It With The Sims". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on March 19, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Crecente, Brian (October 30, 2008). "Electronic Arts: Electronic Arts Lays Off Six Hundred". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on April 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ McWhertor, Michael (October 30, 2008). "Things Are Tough All Over: EA Loses $310 million, Sees "Weakness At Retail" In October". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on December 19, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Wolverton, Troy (February 3, 2009). "Electronic Arts has lousy quarter; slashes 1,100 jobs". The Mercury News. Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. Retrieved May 2, 2009. 
^ "EA loss widens after weak holiday season". The Orlando Sentinel. Associated Press. February 4, 2009. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved May 2, 2009. 
^ Webster, Andrew (June 24, 2009). "EA combines BioWare and Mythic into new RPG/MMO group". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on June 25, 2009. Retrieved June 25, 2009. 
^ BioWare Community Team (September 18, 2012). "RAY MUZYKA & GREG ZESCHUK RETIRE". BioWare. Archived from the original on August 24, 2013. Retrieved September 6, 2013. 
^ Muzyka, Ray (September 18, 2012). "FROM RAY MUZYKA". BioWare. Archived from the original on March 21, 2015. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Zeschuk, Greg (September 18, 2012). "FROM GREG ZESCHUK". BioWare. Archived from the original on March 21, 2015. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Yukari Iwatani, Kane (November 9, 2009). "EA to Acquire Playfish for $275 million". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved November 9, 2009. 
^ "Electronic Arts posts loss, to cut jobs". Reuters. November 9, 2009. Archived from the original on May 14, 2012. Retrieved November 9, 2009. 
^ Crecente, Brian. "Confirmed: EA Closes Pandemic Studios, Says Brand Will Live On". Archived from the original on November 19, 2009. Retrieved November 17, 2009. 
^ "EA buys Angry Birds publisher Chillingo". LA times. October 20, 2010. Archived from the original on October 23, 2010. Retrieved October 21, 2010. 
^ "Electronic Arts Announces Change in Executive Leadership". Electronic Arts. Archived from the original on March 19, 2013. Retrieved March 18, 2013. 
^ Cutler, Kim-Mai (April 25, 2013). "Here’s EA’s Internal Memo On The Layoffs Today". TechCrunch. AOL. Archived from the original on May 4, 2013. Retrieved May 8, 2013. 
^ Paczkowski, John (May 9, 2013). "EA Reboot Cost 900 Jobs". All Things Digital. Dow Jones. Archived from the original on May 13, 2013. Retrieved May 8, 2013. 
^ Sarker, Samit (May 6, 2013). "EA and Disney sign exclusive deal for rights to Star Wars games". Polygon. Archived from the original on April 27, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ Machkovech, Sam (May 5, 2015). "Respawn has been working on a Star Wars action-adventure game for two years". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on May 5, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ "Andrew Wilson named EA CEO". Gamespot. Archived from the original on October 23, 2013. Retrieved September 18, 2013. 
^ Handrahan, Matthew. "EA is closing two-thirds of its core free-to-play games". gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on May 11, 2015. Retrieved May 10, 2015. 
^ Futter, Mike (June 16, 2015). "EA's Future Includes More Smaller Games Like Unravel". Game Informer. Archived from the original on June 20, 2015. Retrieved June 16, 2015. 
^ Pereira, Chris (December 10, 2015). "EA Launching Its Own Competitive Gaming Division Headed by Peter Moore". GameSpot. Archived from the original on December 13, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Makuch, Eddie (May 17, 2016). "EA Forms New Team to Explore Future Tech, Including Virtual Humans for VR". GameSpot. Archived from the original on May 21, 2016. Retrieved May 18, 2016. 
^ Totilo, Stephen. "The Unexpected Gamer Who Runs EA". Kotaku. Archived from the original on June 24, 2010. 
^ "EDGAR Online via Yahoo! Finance, Electronic Arts FY 2008 10K Filing". Yahoo.brand.edgar-online.com. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b "EA restructuring corporate positions, Patrick Söderlund to take over as head of EA Sports". VG247.com. Archived from the original on November 3, 2013. 
^ "The Sims Boss Lucy Bradshaw Leaves EA After 23 Years". GameSpot. Archived from the original on September 25, 2015. Retrieved May 19, 2016. 
^ Hall, Charlie (June 10, 2017). "SEED is a stealthy, high-tech incubator inside EA". Polygon. Archived from the original on June 10, 2017. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ Davidson, John (June 10, 2017). "EA Boss Andrew Wilson's Vision of Gaming's Future Will Blow Your Mind". Glixel. Archived from the original on June 12, 2017. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ Kerr, Chris (June 12, 2017). "EA opens 'SEED' game tech research division". Gamasutra. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ "1995: The Calm Before the Storm?". Next Generation. Imagine Media (13): 38. January 1996. 
^ Davis, Ian (September 27, 2013). "Exclusive: EA Shutters North Carolina Studio". The Escapist. Archived from the original on December 6, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Futter, Mike (November 4, 2014). "EA Terminates Development Of MOBA Dawngate, Service Ends In 90 Days". Game Informer. Archived from the original on October 8, 2016. 
^ "EA Partners signs new Insomniac game | Games Industry | MCV". Mcvuk.com. May 25, 2010. Archived from the original on May 11, 2011. Retrieved March 19, 2011. 
^ "Funcom and Electronic Arts to co-publish ‘The Secret World’ MMO – The Secret World Official Forums". Darkdemonscrygaia.com. January 10, 2011. Archived from the original on May 11, 2011. Retrieved March 19, 2011. 
^ Fahey, Mike (June 12, 2016). "EA Originals Gives Big Support To Small Games". Kotaku. Archived from the original on June 12, 2016. Retrieved June 12, 2016. 
^ Ashcraft, Brian (January 8, 2008). "2008 Tech Emmy Winners". Kotaku. Archived from the original on September 29, 2012. Retrieved August 30, 2012. In 2008, Pinball Construction Set was awarded at the 59th Annual Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards for User Generated Content/Game Modification 
^ Massey, Dana (October 11, 2005). ""The Conquest of Origin", page 2". Escapistmagazine.com. Archived from the original on February 12, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Many believe Ultima IX was unfairly maligned because of rushed development schedule". Pc.gamespy.com. May 7, 2004. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Ultima VIII received poorly by fans". Gamefaqs.com. Archived from the original on June 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Ultima IX received poorly by fans". Gamefaqs.com. Archived from the original on April 18, 2010. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Thorsen, Tor (July 15, 2008). "E3 2008: Video Q&A: Carmack on 'one-game' id-EA deal". GameSpot. CBS Interactive. Archived from the original on August 15, 2011. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Zealot, Funky (February 25, 2004). "EA to Shut Down Origin Systems". GamePro. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Matei, Robert (October 17, 2006). "EA Closes Down Warrington Studio – Another development studio shut down". Softpedia. Archived from the original on June 9, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Sinclair, Brendan (October 6, 2006). "EA shuts down DICE Canada". GameSpot. Archived from the original on March 29, 2014. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Nutt, Christian (January 26, 2005). "Layoffs and Restructuring at EA LA". 1UP.com. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Electronic Arts buys stake in Ubisoft in "hostile" act". Gamespot. Archived from the original on January 17, 2016. 
^ Miller, Ross (May 29, 2007). "Ubisoft president 'still considering' EA acquisition". Joystiq. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Makuch, Eddie (July 16, 2010). "Electronic Arts sells its stake in Ubisoft". GameSpot. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Electronic Arts Sells 15% Stake In France's Ubisoft". The Glass Garden. July 16, 2010. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "The original ea_spouse blog entry". LiveJournal. Archived from the original on February 15, 2016. 
^ Feldman, Curt (November 11, 2004). "Employees readying class-action lawsuit against EA". Gamespot.com. Archived from the original on November 13, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Programmers Win EA Overtime Settlement, EA_Spouse Revealed". Gamasutra.com. Archived from the original on April 29, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "'Big corporation' does a turnaround". Archived from the original on July 23, 2012. Retrieved August 29, 2012. 
^ "'EA_Spouse' Hoffman: Quality Of Life Still Issue, Despite EA Improvement". Gamasutra.com. May 13, 2008. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Sinclair, Brendan (November 30, 2006). "Analyst: EA brand tarnished". Gamespot.com. Archived from the original on October 18, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Reimer, Jeremy (December 1, 2006). "EA brand "tarnished" according to analyst". Arstechnica.com. Archived from the original on October 20, 2012. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA innovation crawls along at "snail's pace"". Gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on January 22, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA CEO John Riccitiello: More innovation is needed in videogames". Gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on January 22, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "BioWare/Pandemic deal goes through". Archived from the original on September 21, 2012. Retrieved August 29, 2012. 
^ Dietz, Jason. "Metacritic's 3rd Annual Game Publisher Rankings". metacritic.com. Archived from the original on May 8, 2013. 
^ "EA Class-Action Lawsuit: 'Battlefield 4' Bugs And 'BF4' DLC Problems Trigger Suit; Electronic Arts Denies Wrongdoing". Archived from the original on December 23, 2013. 
^ "Anti-trust lawsuit over exclusive license contracts" (PDF). Archived (PDF) from the original on May 10, 2011. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ Kuchera, Ben (June 12, 2008). "Lawsuit flags EA for illegal procedure on football monopoly". Arstechnica. Archived from the original on October 1, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Kravets, David (January 6, 2015). "NFL players win appeals court ruling in EA Madden NFL flap". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on July 10, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ Kravets, David (March 21, 2016). "Supreme Court punts in 1st Amendment Madden NFL legal fight". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on July 7, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ Kravets, David (June 28, 2016). "EA punts, gives $600k to former football star in Madden NFL rights flap". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on June 28, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ "EA Sports settles suits, thousands of players eligible for money". Archived from the original on September 27, 2013. 
^ Eder, Steve (September 26, 2013). "E.A. Sports Settles Lawsuit With College Athletes". The New York Times. Archived from the original on February 19, 2017. 
^ Rovell, Darren (September 28, 2013). "Players to receive $40 million". ESPN. Archived from the original on July 21, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ "Copyright row dogs Spore release". BBC News. September 10, 2008. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Spore's Piracy Problem". Forbes. September 12, 2008. Archived from the original on November 7, 2008. Retrieved November 18, 2008. 
^ Ernesto (September 13, 2008). "Spore: Most Pirated Game Ever Thanks to DRM". TorrentFreak. Archived from the original on September 15, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "EA Sticking With SecuROM (Though Red Alert 3's Will Go A Little Easier On You)". Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "A copy of the Spore complaint filed" (PDF). CourtHouseNews.com. Archived (PDF) from the original on January 17, 2016. 
^ Faylor, Chris (September 24, 2008). "Spore DRM Prompts $5M Class Action Lawsuit". ShackNews. Archived from the original on September 25, 2008. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ Fahey, Mike (September 24, 2008). "Class Action Lawsuit Arises Over Spore DRM". Kotaku. Archived from the original on September 27, 2008. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ "Spore Creature Creator Demo prompts class action". Archived from the original on December 10, 2008. 
^ "EA Releases DRM License Deactivation Tool". slashdot.org. March 31, 2009. Archived from the original on April 21, 2009. Retrieved April 3, 2009. 
^ "EA's new motto: please pirate our games... er, storefronts". Ars Technica. June 24, 2009. Archived from the original on June 25, 2009. Retrieved June 25, 2009. 
^ "We are the SimCity dev team from Maxis. AMAA!". Maxis. Archived from the original on December 18, 2012. Retrieved December 24, 2012. 
^ "Cloud Computing is Why the New SimCity Needs an Always-On Connection, Studio Says". Kotaku. December 26, 2012. Archived from the original on December 30, 2012. Retrieved December 27, 2012. 
^ Pigna, Kris (June 13, 2009). "EA's Fake Dante's Inferno Protest Spurs Real Christian Backlash". 1UP.com. [permanent dead link]
^ Benedetti, Winda. "Your Mama Plays 'Dead Space 2'". Archived from the original on January 25, 2011. 
^ Glen M. "Shame on EA". Archived from the original on January 26, 2011. 
^ Tilley, Steve. "Dead Space 2 overcomes familiarity factor". Archived from the original on February 1, 2011. 
^ Tassi, Paul (January 24, 2011). "EA Using Mom’s Disapproval to Sell Dead Space 2". Forbes. Archived from the original on February 2, 2011. 
^ Williams, Mary Elizabeth. ""Dead Space 2": Your mom doesn't want you to play this video game". Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "Essential Facts About The Computer And Video Game Industry" (PDF). Entertainment Software Association. Archived (PDF) from the original on November 26, 2015. 
^ Electronic Arts. "Electronic Arts: Can a Computer Make You Cry?". Archived from the original on July 18, 2010. 
^ Extra Credits. "Extra Credits: An Open Letter to EA Marketing". Archived from the original on January 4, 2012. 
^ Hornshaw, Phil (March 9, 2012). "Player Starts Poll Asking BioWare for New Mass Effect 3 Ending". GameFront. Archived from the original on March 13, 2012. Retrieved March 10, 2012. 
^ Sterling, Jim (March 10, 2012). "Mass Effect 3 fans petition BioWare to change the ending". Destructoid. Archived from the original on March 14, 2012. Retrieved March 10, 2012. 
^ Langshaw, Mark (March 11, 2012). "'Mass Effect 3' fans campaign to change ending". Digital Spy. Archived from the original on March 16, 2012. Retrieved March 11, 2012. 
^ Molina, Brett (March 19, 2012). "BioWare: No decision yet on 'Mass Effect 3' ending". USA Today. Archived from the original on March 21, 2012. Retrieved March 19, 2012. 
^ Gregory, Jon (March 17, 2012). "Mass Effect 3 Ending Fighter Goes To The FTC - News". www.GameInformer.com. Archived from the original on April 19, 2012. Retrieved April 22, 2012. 
^ "Better Business Bureau Says BioWare Falsely Advertised Mass Effect 3 - Softpedia". Softpedia. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. Retrieved April 13, 2012. 
^ "Mass Effect 3 falsely advertised, says BBB - GameSpot.com". GameSpot. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. Retrieved April 13, 2012. 
^ "BioWare and EA cleared of ME3 advertising kerfuffle". ScrewAttack.com. Retrieved August 15, 2012. 
^ Lemon, Marshall (November 13, 2015). "EA Rep May Have Influenced Reddit Mods To Censor Battlefront Critics". The Escapist. Archived from the original on November 17, 2015. 
^ Farokhmanesh, Megan (November 26, 2014). "EA scores top marks for LGBT equability in the workplace". Polygon. Archived from the original on January 5, 2016. 
^ a b "BioWare writer received death threats to family". Metro. August 16, 2013. Archived from the original on February 20, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Crecente, Brian (August 15, 2013). "Plague of game dev harassment erodes industry, spurs support groups". Polygon. Archived from the original on November 30, 2015. 
^ Fahey, Mike (March 24, 2011). "Dragon Age II Writer Eloquently Defends The Game's Sexuality Balance". Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b c Griffiths, Daniel Nye (February 21, 2012). "The Changing Face of Games: Feeling Angry and Ignored, Fans Look for Someone to Blame". Forbes. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Polo, Susana (February 20, 2012). "Inclusion: What Jennifer Hepler’s Story is All About". Archived from the original on February 21, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Chalk, Andy (January 27, 2012). "Family Research Council Warns of Gay Relationships in The Old Republic". The Escapist. Archived from the original on March 11, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Serrels, Mark (April 11, 2012). "Star Wars: The Old Republic Petition Attacked By Hackers, Temporarily Shut Down". Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Hamilton, Mary (January 25, 2013). "Star Wars: The Old Republic, the gay planet and the problem of the straight male gaze". The Guardian. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Morran, Chris (April 4, 2012). "The Voters Have Spoken: EA Is Your Worst Company In America For 2012!". Consumerist. Archived from the original on August 7, 2012. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ a b Gaudiosi, John (April 7, 2012). "Electronic Arts Named Worst Company in America". The Hollywood Reporter. Archived from the original on May 11, 2012. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (April 8, 2012). "EA, named America's worst company, tries to make amends". CNET. CBS Interactive. Archived from the original on February 21, 2014. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Tiffany (April 4, 2012). "Electronic Arts: 'Worst company in America'? Consumerist says yes". Los Angeles Times. Archived from the original on October 27, 2012. 
^ Brightman, James (April 4, 2012). "EA responds to "worst company" label from Consumerist". gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on October 24, 2013. Retrieved July 9, 2013. 
^ Kain, Erik (April 4, 2012). "EA Responds To 'Worst Company' Award By Mentioning Past Winners". Forbes. Archived from the original on July 20, 2013. Retrieved July 9, 2013. 
^ Morran, Chris (April 9, 2013). "EA Makes Worst Company In America History, Wins Title For Second Year In A Row!". Consumerist. Archived from the original on November 9, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ a b Takahashi, Dean. "EA exec Frank Gibeau: Betting on next-gen consoles, mobile, and doing right by consumers (interview)". VentureBeat. Archived from the original on July 28, 2013. 
^ Webster, Andrew (September 30, 2013). "EA steers angry customers away from reviewing games at Google Play". The Verge. Archived from the original on February 10, 2014. Retrieved February 11, 2014. 
^ Owen, Phil (June 29, 2014). "EA CEO Wilson: Dungeon Keeper Mobile Was 'A Shame'". Kotaku. Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 27, 2015. Retrieved March 18, 2015. 
^ Yin-Poole, Wesley (July 2, 2014). "UK watchdog bans Dungeon Keeper ad, accuses EA of "misleading" customers". Eurogamer. Archived from the original on January 9, 2015. Retrieved January 8, 2015. 
^ Davis, Ian (July 9, 2014). "EA: Dungeon Keeper Failed by "Innovating Too Much"". Escapist. Escapist Magazine. Archived from the original on April 2, 2015. Retrieved March 18, 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Sinclair, Brendan (January 4, 2006). "Innovation: does size matter?". GameSpot. CBS Interactive. 
ea_spouse (November 10, 2004). "EA: The Human Story". LiveJournal. Archived from the original on February 15, 2016. 
Becker, David (March 8, 2005). "Game makers see workplace changes". CNET. CBS Interactive. 
Totilo, Stephen (September 12, 2006). "What's The 'Coolest Job Ever'? Electronic Arts' Summer Interns Tell Their Story". MTV. Viacom International. 
Deck, Stewart (December 19, 2000). "Six Degrees of Hire Learning". ITworld. IDG Communications. 
Varney, Allen (October 11, 2005). "The Conquest of Origin". The Escapist. Defy Media. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Electronic Arts.



Official website



Business data for Electronic Arts, Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Electronic Arts



Employees





Founder




Trip Hawkins






Current




Larry Probst (Executive Chairman)
Andrew Wilson (CEO)
Patrick Söderlund (EVP)
Will Wright
Joe Ybarra






Former




Bing Gordon
Don Mattrick
Jeff Green
Ralph Guggenheim
Robin Hunicke
Greg Kasavin
Peter Moore
John Riccitiello











Subsidiaries





Current




BioWare
Criterion Games
EA Canada
EA DICE

DICE Los Angeles


EA Mobile
EA Montreal
EA Salt Lake
EA Singapore
EA Sports
EA Tiburon
European Integration Studio
Firemonkeys Studios
Ghost Games
Maxis
Motive Studios
PopCap Games
The Sims Studio
Visceral Games






Defunct




Bullfrog Productions
Danger Close Games
EA Black Box
EA Bright Light
EA Chicago
EA Phenomic
EA UK
Kesmai
Mythic Entertainment
Origin Systems
Pandemic Studios
Playfish
Victory Games
Westwood Studios








Franchises



Army of Two
Battlefield
Bejeweled
Burnout
Command & Conquer
Crysis
Dead Space
Dragon Age
FIFA
Madden NFL
Mass Effect
Medal of Honor
Mirror's Edge
NBA Live
NCAA Football
Need for Speed
NHL
Plants vs. Zombies
Rock Band
SimCity
Skate
Star Wars: Battlefront
Spore
SSX
The Sims
Ultima
Wing Commander





Related



EA Access
Origin
Pogo.com
RenderWare
Frostbite
Ignite
List of acquisitions by Electronic Arts
List of Electronic Arts games






Category










v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecommunications Corporation

China Telecom


China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Sim video games



SimCity series





Main games




SimCity (1989)
SimCity 2000
SimCity 3000
SimCity 4

Rush Hour


SimCity (2013)






Other games




64
DS
Societies
Snap City
DS 2
Creator
Social








The Sims series





Main games




The Sims
The Sims 2
The Sims 3
The Sims 4






Other games




Online
Bustin' Out
The Urbz
Life Stories
Pet Stories
Castaway Stories
Medieval

Pirates and Nobles


Social
FreePlay






MySims




MySims
Kingdom
Party
Racing
Agents
SkyHeroes








Spore





Expansions




Galactic Adventures






Spin-offs




Creature Creator
Creatures
Origins
Hero
Hero Arena
Darkspore






Other




Development








Sim



SimEarth
SimAnt
SimLife
SimFarm
SimRefinery
SimTower
SimHealth
SimIsle
SimTown
SimPark
SimGolf
SimTunes
Sim Theme Park
SimCopter
Streets of SimCity
SimSafari
SimCoaster
Sid Meier's SimGolf
SimMars (cancelled)
SimAnimals





Related articles



Simlish
Electronic Arts
Maxis
Will Wright
Lincity
Yoot Tower
The Tower SP
BeyondSims






 Category







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137191582
LCCN: n93043443
ISNI: 0000 0001 2291 0054
GND: 2149193-8
SUDOC: 086228811
BNF: cb140318401 (data)
BNE: XX132366










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Electronic_Arts&oldid=790722573"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQ1982 establishments in CaliforniaAcademy of Interactive Arts & Sciences membersCompanies based in Redwood City, CaliforniaElectronic ArtsEntertainment companies based in CaliforniaEntertainment companies established in 1982Entertainment Software AssociationInternational Game Developers Association membersMac software companiesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesSoftware companies based in the San Francisco Bay AreaVideo game companies based in CaliforniaVideo game companies established in 1982Video game companies of the United StatesVideo game development companiesVideo game publishersWargame companiesHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles that may be too long from February 2017Use mdy dates from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2016Articles with unsourced statements from August 2007Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתქართულიLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиBahasa MelayuМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 15 July 2017, at 17:35.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








EA Stock Price - Electronic Arts Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,795.04


-1.51


-0.01%











S&P 500

2,465.98


-9.44


-0.38%











Nasdaq

6,358.64


-23.55


-0.37%











GlobalDow

2,843.04


-8.04


-0.28%











Gold

1,272.20


5.70


0.45%











Oil

49.75


0.71


1.45%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
8.7




MHK 
4.4




COL 
4.3




HIG 
3.8






MO
-18.0




GT
-10.0




FLS
-9.7




MAT
-8.5














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








10:41a

Japan slaps 50% tariff on U.S. frozen beef, first such action in 14 years



10:37a

Packing the Pounds Back on Pigs



10:33a

Breaking
FDA says it plans to lower nicotine in cigarettes to non-addictive levels



10:30a

Updated
Dollar turns lower for the week following GDP report



10:29a

Updated
Set yourself up to get the most out of retirement



10:29a

Updated
Tesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?



10:29a

Bitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness



10:27a

Updated
Treasury yields dip after second-quarter GDP data



10:26a

Updated
New rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues



10:25a

Updated
These are the times you’re actually allowed to put money back into your IRA












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


EA


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



EA
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Electronic Arts Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateEAAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 28, 2017 10:43 a.m. EDT
Real time quote



$
117.34



-0.26
-0.22%






Previous Close




$117.6000





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




62.51% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    2.1M
                


                65 Day Avg. - 3.3M
            





Open: 114.00
Last: 117.34



113.5000
Day Low/High
117.9200





Day Range



73.7400
52 Week Low/High
120.2500


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$114.00



Day Range
113.5000 - 117.9200



52 Week Range
73.7400 - 120.2500



Market Cap
$36.41B



Shares Outstanding
309.59M



Public Float
303.27M



Beta
1.13



Rev. per Employee
$567.16K



P/E Ratio
31.27



EPS
$3.74



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
6.36M
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
2.10%



Average Volume
3.28M




 


Performance




5 Day


4.60%







1 Month


11.03%







3 Month


23.79%







YTD


49.04%







1 Year


53.80%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones












Opinion            
A menacing pattern has revealed itself in the stock market

Jul. 28, 2017 at 9:53 a.m. ET
by Nigam Arora









Electronic Arts shares slide 3% as outlook falls short
Shares of Electronic Arts Inc.  were down 3% in premarket trade Friday, after the video game company offered a disappointing outlook for the second quarter. The company topped first-quarter profit and revenue estimates, but said it expects a net loss of $57 million and a loss per share of 18 cents for the second quarter, wider than the 6 cents forecast by FactSet.  Analysts were generally positive on the numbers, despite the outlook. "Overall, we thought this was a good start for EA, showcasing the healthy underlying trends or digital, which also serves as positive read-through to other video game publishers such as Activision Blizzard  and Take-Two --both are scheduled to report quarterly results next week," Stifel analysts wrote in a note. Electronic Arts shares have gained 49% in 2017, while the S&P 500  has gained 11%. 

Jul. 28, 2017 at 8:16 a.m. ET
by Ciara Linnane









Electronic Arts shares fall after first-quarter results 
Shares of Electronic Arts Inc.  were falling 3% after hours Thursday after the company reported first-quarter earnings, but included a second-quarter forecast that disappointed. It reported net income of $644 million, or $2.06 per share, up from $440 million, or $1.40 per share, in the year-earlier period. The FactSet GAAP consensus was for earnings per share of $1.90. Net revenue was $1.45 million, up from $1.27 million in the year-earlier period. The FactSet consensus for total revenues was $1.43 million. For the second quarter, it expects net revenue of $955 million, with a net loss of $57 million and a loss per share of 18 cents. Analysts surveyed by FactSet had expected a GAAP loss per share of six cents and total revenue of $990 million. Shares of Electronic Arts have gained 25% in the past three months, outperforming the S&P 500  which has gained 4%.

Jul. 27, 2017 at 4:45 p.m. ET
by Caitlin Huston









Electronic Arts Q1 revenue $1.45 million vs. $1.27 million
Electronic Arts Q1 revenue $1.45 million vs. $1.27 million

Jul. 27, 2017 at 4:29 p.m. ET
by Caitlin Huston









Electronic Arts Q1 FactSet EPS GAAP consensus $1.90
Electronic Arts Q1 FactSet EPS GAAP consensus $1.90

Jul. 27, 2017 at 4:27 p.m. ET
by Caitlin Huston









Electronic Arts Q1 EPS $2.06 vs. $1.40
Electronic Arts Q1 EPS $2.06 vs. $1.40

Jul. 27, 2017 at 4:23 p.m. ET
by Caitlin Huston









Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $134 from $122 at Pacific Crest
Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $134 from $122 at Pacific Crest

Jun. 16, 2017 at 7:25 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore










The No. 1 lesson from the ‘crash-lite’ for tech stocks

Jun. 13, 2017 at 9:05 a.m. ET
by Victor Reklaitis









EA shifts sales strategy with new 'Star War' game
When Electronic Arts Inc. releases the sequel to "Star Wars Battlefront" this fall, it plans to ditch one lucrative sales pipeline for another that is potentially even bigger, refined in mobile videogames.

Jun. 11, 2017 at 5:16 p.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com










Apple ad-blocking could help Facebook and Google despite slowing online ad growth

Jun. 8, 2017 at 7:45 a.m. ET
by Jeremy C. Owens









Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $126 from $114 at Morgan Stanley
Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $126 from $114 at Morgan Stanley

Jun. 7, 2017 at 9:06 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Zynga shares climb after upgrade to overweight from neutral at Piper Jaffray
Shares of Zynga Inc.  climbed 2.3% in premarket trade Tuesday after the stock was upgraded to overweight from neutral at Piper Jaffray. Though the analysts still see mobile games companies as high risk, they say Zynga's attention to live services and the company's focus on cost containment, meaning maintaining existing games, rather than depending on producing new "mega-hits," lower the risk of the investment. Additionally, the analysts say they have confidence in the company's management team, most of whom came from Electronic Arts Inc. . The analysts see the executives following the same strategy as Electronic Arts, which they say was successfully able to turn its business around. The analysts increased their price target to $4 from $3. Shares of Zynga have gained 21% month-to-date, compared to the S&P 500's  gain of 1.3%. 

May. 30, 2017 at 8:56 a.m. ET
by Caitlin Huston









Tesla names former Electronic Arts exec Gaby Toledano as head of HR
Tesla Inc.  said Gaby Toledano has become its new head of human resources, replacing Arnnon Geshuri who held the role for more than eight years. Toledano joins Tesla after 10 years as an executive at Electronic Arts , the company said in a blog post. Before that, she was head of HR at Siebel Systems, and has done stints at Microsoft  and Oracle . Geshuri joined Tesla from Google  and is planning a short break "before moving on to a new endeavour," the company said. Tesla shares were trading up 1.3% Wednesday, and have gained 44% in 2017, while the S&P 500  has gained 7%. 

May. 24, 2017 at 12:00 p.m. ET
by Ciara Linnane










Tech stocks’ three winners, three losers after earnings season

May. 15, 2017 at 8:29 a.m. ET
by Jeff Reeves









Electronic Arts downgraded to neutral from long-term buy at Hilliard Lyons
Electronic Arts downgraded to neutral from long-term buy at Hilliard Lyons

May. 12, 2017 at 9:20 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore










Nasdaq closes at record for 4th straight day as Dow slips in FBI firing aftermath

May. 10, 2017 at 4:45 p.m. ET
by Victor Reklaitis










Stock winners and losers — Nvidia rockets and Yelp tumbles

May. 10, 2017 at 11:33 a.m. ET
by Philip van Doorn









Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $114.35 from $105.16 at Benchmark
Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $114.35 from $105.16 at Benchmark

May. 10, 2017 at 10:35 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $112 from $96 at UBS
Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $112 from $96 at UBS

May. 10, 2017 at 9:46 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Electronic Arts shares up 7.3% premarket
Electronic Arts shares up 7.3% premarket

May. 10, 2017 at 8:23 a.m. ET
by Ciara Linnane













Stocks to Watch: Amazon, Intel, Starbucks, American Airlines, Goodyear, Exxon Mobil
Among the companies with shares expected to trade actively in Friday's session are Amazon.com Inc., Intel Corp., Starbucks Corp., Expedia Inc. and First Solar Inc.

Jul. 28, 2017 at 9:34 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









EA Could be a Blockbuster Stock Without a Blockbuster Game
Investors are less concerned these days if the company doesn’t launch a hot game every quarter.

Jul. 27, 2017 at 1:31 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Electronic Arts Earnings: What to Watch    
Electronic Arts Inc. reports earnings for its fiscal first quarter after the close of trading Thursday. Here’s what to watch.  

Jul. 27, 2017 at 6:00 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Why EA and Activision Could See Their Incredible Runs Continue
A shift to digital downloads will continue to boost the videogame companies, one analyst argues.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 12:58 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Overwatch League Backers Come From Football, Baseball 
Activision Blizzard unveiled a roster of sports-team owners and videogame-industry veterans involved in an esports league it pledged to launch before the end of the year. 

Jul. 12, 2017 at 8:28 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









When High Costs Predict Higher Stock Prices
Big spending on sales, marketing, and staffing could indicate that a company’s stock has upside.

Jul. 8, 2017 at 1:08 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Millennials’ Favorite Stocks Underperformed In the First Half of 2017
The Barron’s Next 50 was up 7.6% in the first six months of the year, compared to 8.3% rise for the S&P 500. Retail stocks weighed on the Next 50.

Jun. 30, 2017 at 4:46 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









How to Play EA’s Rally
More full game downloads, digital add-on content, and streaming game offerings could drive EA’s profits higher.

Jun. 23, 2017 at 4:56 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









3 Big-Caps Delivering Surging Revenue Growth
U.S. corporate earnings and sales are showing significant strength. Here’s how investors can benefit.

Jun. 16, 2017 at 7:20 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









E3: In Gaming, the Strong Get Stronger
An analyst says that developments at the E3 videogame conference bode well for Activision Blizzard and Electronic Arts.

Jun. 14, 2017 at 2:03 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









E3: EA Kicks Off With ‘Win’ for Gamers and Investors
The videogame company announced new games and a strategy to win customers and improve profits. 

Jun. 12, 2017 at 5:54 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









‘Star Wars Battlefront II’ Maker Looks to Shift Revenue to Hyperspace
Electronic Arts Inc. says it will release its latest Star Wars console videogame with the lucrative virtual enhancements commonly found in free mobile games. 

Jun. 10, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Best Stock Plays in ESports
There is a unique video opportunity for streaming, which will benefit Amazon, Facebook, Alphabet and Microsoft.

Jun. 9, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Game Makers in Play for Upside
Activision Blizzard and Electronic Arts will soon demo titles that have large implications for earnings.

Jun. 8, 2017 at 11:42 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Videogame Stocks Have Powered Up, And Analysts Think They Could Go Even Higher


Jun. 7, 2017 at 3:12 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Videogame Downloads Reach A Pivotal Point
Digital downloads now make up a third of all game purchases and could be 50% by 2019, an analyst says.

Jun. 7, 2017 at 11:30 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Videogame Software Startup Unity Is Valued at $2.8 Billion
Unity Technologies is putting the finishing touches on a $400 million funding round of financing that values the videogame technology company at about $2.8 billion, according to people familiar with the matter.

May. 23, 2017 at 10:31 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Charting the Market
A graphic look at selected stock activity for the week ended May 12, 2017. Included are Macy’s, PetMed Express, and Electronic Arts.

May. 13, 2017 at 12:23 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









A Savvy Way to Play the Sizzling Videogame Sector
Gaming names have been on fire. See which stock can ride the sector’s coattails and double in five years.

May. 11, 2017 at 7:07 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









EA Is Making Gaming Even More Profitable
Shares of Electronic Arts are at new highs thanks to a profitable quarter in which gamers bought extra digital content. 

May. 10, 2017 at 10:31 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Electronic Arts' (EA) Q1 Earnings Beat, Revenues Grow Y/Y
Electronics Arts (EA) Q1 earnings were driven by strength in franchises and increasing digital revenues. 

Jul. 28, 2017 at 9:23 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Electronic Arts (EA) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
Electronic Arts (EA) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Jul. 27, 2017 at 8:25 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Electronic Arts Earnings Jump 47% Year Over Year In June Quarter
Video game publisher Electronic Arts (EA) late Thursday reported earnings per share of $2.06, up 47% year over year, on revenue of $1.45 billion, up 14%, for its fiscal first quarter, compared with $1.40 and $1.27 billion in the year-earlier period. Analysts track EA results on a non-GAAP basis, which EA no longer reports, making comparisons difficult. EA stock was down 0.5% in after-hours trading on the stock market today. During the regular

Jul. 27, 2017 at 3:24 p.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





Electronic Arts -3.9% despite revenue growth in its Q1
Electronic Arts -3.9% despite revenue growth in its Q1

Jul. 27, 2017 at 4:18 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





 Can Electronic Arts&#8217; Revenues Keep Rising? 
Analysts expect Electronic Arts’(EA) revenue to rise 12.6% YoY (year-over-year) in fiscal 1Q18 to $768.1 million.

Jul. 24, 2017 at 6:41 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Electronic Arts Earnings: What to Watch    
Electronic Arts Inc. reports earnings for its fiscal first quarter after the close of trading Thursday. Here’s what to watch.  

Jul. 27, 2017 at 6:00 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal





Watch These 6 Huge Put Purchases In Thursday Trade
Watch These 6 Huge Put Purchases In Thursday Trade

Jul. 27, 2017 at 3:44 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Watch These 6 Huge Put Purchases In Thursday Trade
Watch These 6 Huge Put Purchases In Thursday Trade

Jul. 27, 2017 at 3:44 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Notable earnings after Thursday’s close
Notable earnings after Thursday’s close

Jul. 26, 2017 at 5:35 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Netflix Reaches 'Escape Velocity'; EA, iRobot Get Price-Target Hikes
Internet television network Netflix (NFLX), home-cleaning robot maker iRobot (IRBT) and video game publisher Electronic Arts (EA) received upbeat analyst reports on Wednesday. Netflix Going To The Moon BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield pounded the table for Netflix on Wednesday, reiterating his buy rating and raising his price target to 225 from 170. The subscription video-on-demand service is "hitting escape velocity," Greenfield said in a report.

Jul. 26, 2017 at 3:14 p.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From July 26
Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From July 26

Jul. 26, 2017 at 3:04 p.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From July 26
Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From July 26

Jul. 26, 2017 at 3:04 p.m. ET
on benzinga.com





McDonald's, TI, AMD Get Price-Target Hikes; Electronic Arts Is A Buy
Analyst actions on Wednesday included an upgrade for Electronic Arts (EA) and price-target hikes for McDonald's (MCD), Texas Instruments (TXN), Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) and Expedia (EXPE). McDonald's [ibd-display-video id=2061563 width=50 float=left autostart=true]Barclays raised its price target for the Dow Jones industrial average component to 173 from 164, keeping an overweight rating, after the fast-food giant's Q2 results showed positive

Jul. 26, 2017 at 8:46 a.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





Electronic Arts +2.6% as BofA upgrades to Buy on solid pipeline
Electronic Arts +2.6% as BofA upgrades to Buy on solid pipeline

Jul. 26, 2017 at 1:28 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Electronic Arts: Cautious Buy
Electronic Arts: Cautious Buy

Jul. 26, 2017 at 12:14 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





How to Trade Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Stock After Earnings
How to Trade Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Stock After Earnings

Jul. 26, 2017 at 10:47 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





 Activision on the Street: Analyst Expectations in July 
In the trailing-12-month period, Activision (ATVI) stock has risen 47.6%. In the past month, shares have risen 1.5%.

Jul. 24, 2017 at 6:41 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: BP, Chipotle, Citigroup, Electronic Arts, Eli Lilly, McDonald’s, Texas Instruments, US Steel and More
The  top analyst upgrades, downgrades and other research calls from Wednesday include BP, Chipotle, Citigroup, Electronic Arts, Eli Lilly, McDonald's, Texas Instruments and U.S. Steel.

Jul. 26, 2017 at 8:37 a.m. ET
on 247WallSt.com





 Electronic Arts on the Street: Analyst Expectations in July 2017 
In the trailing-12-month period, Electronic Arts (EA) stock has risen 48.9%. In the past month, its shares have declined 1%.

Jul. 24, 2017 at 6:41 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





3 Stocks That Tripled in Just 3 Years


Jul. 26, 2017 at 8:29 a.m. ET
on Motley Fool









Investor Network: Electronic Arts Inc. to Host Earnings Call
Investor Network: Electronic Arts Inc. to Host Earnings Call

Jul. 27, 2017 at 11:45 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





EA Announces The Sims 4 is Coming to Consoles on November 17th
EA Announces The Sims 4 is Coming to Consoles on November 17th

Jul. 26, 2017 at 1:00 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Electronic Arts to Webcast 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Electronic Arts to Webcast 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders

Jul. 21, 2017 at 4:05 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Pre-Market Technical Recap on Multimedia & Graphics Software Stocks -- Zynga, Activision Blizzard, Glu Mobile, and Electronic Arts
Pre-Market Technical Recap on Multimedia & Graphics Software Stocks -- Zynga, Activision Blizzard, Glu Mobile, and Electronic Arts

Jul. 7, 2017 at 6:05 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





EA to Release First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Results on July 27, 2017
EA to Release First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Results on July 27, 2017

Jul. 6, 2017 at 4:05 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





EA SPORTS NHL 18 Reveals Edmonton Oilers Superstar Connor McDavid 
      as Cover Athlete at 2017 NHL Awards
EA SPORTS NHL 18 Reveals Edmonton Oilers Superstar Connor McDavid 
      as Cover Athlete at 2017 NHL Awards

Jun. 21, 2017 at 8:45 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Watch BizWireTV: JetBlue and Utrip Bring AI to Trip Planning and 
      Pandora Gets a Huge Boost from SiriusXM 
Watch BizWireTV: JetBlue and Utrip Bring AI to Trip Planning and 
      Pandora Gets a Huge Boost from SiriusXM 

Jun. 15, 2017 at 8:08 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Electronic Arts and Activision
Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Electronic Arts and Activision

Jun. 15, 2017 at 8:07 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Venture into Danger with New IP from EA,Anthem™
Venture into Danger with New IP from EA,Anthem™

Jun. 11, 2017 at 7:13 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Full Details Revealed for EA SPORTS™ FIFA 18 Built for 
      Nintendo Switch
Full Details Revealed for EA SPORTS™ FIFA 18 Built for 
      Nintendo Switch

Jun. 10, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





EA Announces a Uniquely Tailored Co-Op Adventure Game in A Way Out
EA Announces a Uniquely Tailored Co-Op Adventure Game in A Way Out

Jun. 10, 2017 at 3:30 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





EA PLAY 2017: Tune Into “Live @ EA PLAY” To Get a First Look at Eight 
      Games and More Surprises
EA PLAY 2017: Tune Into “Live @ EA PLAY” To Get a First Look at Eight 
      Games and More Surprises

Jun. 8, 2017 at 1:03 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Cristiano Ronaldo Named Global Cover Star for EA SPORTS FIFA 18
Cristiano Ronaldo Named Global Cover Star for EA SPORTS FIFA 18

Jun. 5, 2017 at 11:01 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





EA Reveals New Action Driving Fantasy with Need for Speed Payback
EA Reveals New Action Driving Fantasy with Need for Speed Payback

Jun. 2, 2017 at 9:01 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Multimedia and Graphics Software Stocks Under Scanner -- Electronic Arts, Take-Two Interactive Software, Function(x), and Avid Technology
Multimedia and Graphics Software Stocks Under Scanner -- Electronic Arts, Take-Two Interactive Software, Function(x), and Avid Technology

May. 30, 2017 at 6:50 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





EA PLAY 2017: Nas, DJ Green Lantern and Dave East to Perform at 
      Player FanFest
EA PLAY 2017: Nas, DJ Green Lantern and Dave East to Perform at 
      Player FanFest

May. 25, 2017 at 3:07 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Post Earnings Coverage as Electronic Arts' Q4 Top-line Rose 17% Y-o-Y
Post Earnings Coverage as Electronic Arts' Q4 Top-line Rose 17% Y-o-Y

May. 25, 2017 at 8:35 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Watch BizWireTV as the WannaCry Ransomware Epidemic Meets its Match 
      in Symantec and Announcing the Nominees for the BET Awards 2017
Watch BizWireTV as the WannaCry Ransomware Epidemic Meets its Match 
      in Symantec and Announcing the Nominees for the BET Awards 2017

May. 18, 2017 at 8:08 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





This Week's Earnings Recap
This Week's Earnings Recap

May. 12, 2017 at 10:55 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Tom Brady Named EA SPORTS Madden NFL 18 Cover Athlete
Tom Brady Named EA SPORTS Madden NFL 18 Cover Athlete

May. 12, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX











Electronic Arts Inc.


            
            Electronic Arts, Inc. is a digital interactive entertainment company. The company develops and delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, mobile devices and personal computers. Its product brands include The Sims, Madden NFL, EA SPORTS FIFA, Battlefield, Need for Speed, Dragon Age and Plants vs. Zombies .The company was founded by William M. Hawkins III in 1982 and is headquartered in Redwood City, CA.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 26
Full Ratings 





5 Biggest Price Target Changes For Friday


Jul. 28, 2017 at 9:49 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For July 26, 2017


Jul. 26, 2017 at 9:25 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Electronic Arts on the Street: Analyst Expectations in July 2017


Jul. 24, 2017 at 6:41 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Microsoft Corp.
-0.22%
$564.83B


Take-Two Interactive Software Inc.
-0.38%
$8.28B


Glu Mobile Inc.
-0.36%
$370.54M


Activision Blizzard Inc.
-0.06%
$46.1B


Sony Corp. ADR
-0.94%
$52.04B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMZN

-3.27%








SBUX

-8.11%








BIDU

8.19%








DVAX

-11.06%








XOM

-1.92%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Electronic Arts - Wikipedia






















 






Electronic Arts

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"EA" redirects here. For other uses, see EA (disambiguation).





This article may be too long to read and navigate comfortably. Please consider splitting content into sub-articles, condensing it, or adding or removing subheadings. (February 2017)



Electronic Arts Inc.





The EA headquarters building at Redwood City, California in May 2011.




Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: EA
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Video game industry


Founded
May 27, 1982; 35 years ago (1982-05-27) in San Mateo, California, U.S.


Founder
Trip Hawkins


Headquarters
Redwood City, California, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Larry Probst (Chairman)
Andrew Wilson (CEO)





Products
Army of Two series
Battlefield series
Burnout series
Command & Conquer series
Crysis series
Dead Space series
Dragon Age series
FIFA series
Fight Night series
Madden NFL series
Mass Effect series
Medal of Honor series
NBA Live series
NCAA Football series
Need for Speed series
NHL series
Plants vs. Zombies series
Rock Band series
SimCity series
The Simpsons series
The Sims series
Skate series
SSX series
Star Wars series


Revenue
 US$4.396 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$898 million (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$1.156 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$7.050 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$3.396 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

8,500 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
List of Electronic Arts subsidiaries
BioWare
Criterion Games
EA Canada
EA Digital Illusions CE
EA Mobile
EA Montreal
EA Tiburon
Firemonkeys Studios
Ghost Games
Maxis
Motive Studios
PopCap Games
The Sims Studio
Visceral Games


Website
ea.com


Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) is an American video game company headquartered in Redwood City, California. Founded and incorporated on May 28, 1982 by Trip Hawkins, the company was a pioneer of the early home computer games industry and was notable for promoting the designers and programmers responsible for its games. As of 2014, Electronic Arts was the world's fourth-largest gaming company by revenue after Tencent, Sony and Microsoft [2] The company sparked controversies over its advertising efforts, and acquisition of other studios.
Currently, EA develops and publishes games under several labels including EA Sports titles FIFA, Madden NFL, NHL, NCAA Football, NBA Live, and SSX. Other EA labels produce established franchises such as Battlefield, Need for Speed, The Sims, Medal of Honor, Command & Conquer, as well as newer franchises such as Crysis, Dead Space, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, Army of Two, Titanfall and Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, produced in partnership with LucasArts.[3] EA also owns and operates major gaming studios, EA Tiburon in Orlando, EA Canada in Burnaby, BioWare in Edmonton as well as Montreal, and DICE in Sweden.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1982–2000 - The Beginning
1.2 2000–2007
1.3 2007–2013
1.4 2013–present


2 Electronic Arts company structure

2.1 EA Games
2.2 EA Sports
2.3 EA Maxis
2.4 EA All Play
2.5 SEED


3 Owned studios and partnership companies

3.1 Current
3.2 Defunct
3.3 EA Partners program
3.4 EA Originals program


4 Games by Electronic Arts

4.1 Upcoming titles


5 Controversies

5.1 Studio acquisition and management practices
5.2 Treatment of employees
5.3 Game quality
5.4 Sports licensing and exclusivity
5.5 EULA and DRM
5.6 Advertising
5.7 LGBT controversies
5.8 The Consumerist rating as "Worst Company in America"
5.9 Dungeon Keeper Mobile app store vote manipulation


6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



History[edit]
The company began developing games in-house and supported consoles by the early 1990s. EA later grew via acquisition of several successful developers. By the early 2000s, EA had become one of the world's largest third-party publishers. On May 4, 2011, EA reported $3.8 billion in revenues for the fiscal year ending March 2011, and on January 13, 2012, EA announced that it had exceeded $1 billion in digital revenue during the previous calendar year.[5] In a note to employees, EA CEO John Riccitiello called this "an incredibly important milestone" for the company.[6] EA began to move toward direct distribution of digital games and services with the acquisition of the popular online gaming site Pogo.com in 2001.[7] In 2009, EA acquired the London-based social gaming startup Playfish,[8] and in June 2011, EA launched Origin, an online service to sell downloadable games directly to consumers.[9] There is also a "On The House" feature in Origin that lets you download full versions of EA games for free, it is updated regularly. In July 2011, EA announced that it had acquired PopCap Games, the company behind hits such as Plants vs. Zombies and Bejeweled.[10]
EA continued its shift toward digital goods in 2012, folding its mobile-focused EA Interactive (EAi) division "into other organizations throughout the company, specifically those divisions led by EA Labels president Frank Gibeau, COO Peter Moore, and CTO Rajat Taneja, and EVP of digital Kristian Segerstrale."[11]
1982–2000 - The Beginning[edit]




Founder of EA Trip Hawkins.


In February 1982, Trip Hawkins arranged a meeting with Don Valentine of Sequoia Capital[12] to discuss financing his new venture, Amazin' Software. Valentine encouraged Hawkins to leave Apple Inc., where Hawkins served as Director of Product Marketing, and allowed Hawkins use of Sequoia Capital's spare office space to start the company. On May 28, 1982, Trip Hawkins incorporated and established the company with a personal investment of an estimated US$200,000. The company was not named Amazin' Software, but instead Electronic Arts. Seven months later in December 1982, Hawkins secured US$2 million of venture capital from Sequoia Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, and Sevin Rosen Funds.




Electronic Arts' original corporate logo, 1982–2000.


For more than seven months, Hawkins refined his Electronic Arts business plan. With aid from his first employee (with whom he worked in marketing at Apple), Rich Melmon, the original plan was written, mostly by Hawkins, on an Apple II in Sequoia Capital's office in August 1982. During that time, Hawkins also employed two of his former staff from Apple, Dave Evans and Pat Marriott, as producers, and a Stanford MBA classmate, Jeff Burton from Atari for international business development. The business plan was again refined in September and reissued on October 8, 1982. By November, employee headcount rose to 11, including Tim Mott, Bing Gordon, David Maynard, and Steve Hayes.[13][14] Having outgrown the office space provided by Sequoia Capital, the company relocated to a San Mateo office that overlooked the San Francisco Airport landing path. Headcount rose rapidly in 1983, including Don Daglow, Richard Hilleman, Stewart Bonn, David Gardner, and Nancy Fong.
He recruited his original employees from Apple, Atari, Xerox PARC, and VisiCorp, and got Steve Wozniak to agree to sit on the board of directors.[15]
Hawkins was determined to sell directly to buyers. Combined with the fact that Hawkins was pioneering new game brands, this made sales growth more challenging. Retailers wanted to buy known brands from existing distribution partners. After more flyers were handed out, former CEO Larry Probst arrived as VP of Sales in late 1984 and helped the company sustain growth into US$18 million in its third full year.[citation needed] This policy of dealing directly with retailers gave EA higher margins and better market awareness, key advantages the company would leverage to leapfrog its early competitors.[16]
In December 1986, David Gardner and Mark Lewkaspais moved to the UK to open a European headquarters. Up until that point publishing of Electronic Arts Games, and the conversion of many of their games to compact cassette versions in Europe was handled by Ariolasoft.
Most of the early employees of the company disliked the Amazin' Software name that Hawkins had originally chosen when he incorporated the company.[13] While at Apple, Hawkins had enjoyed company offsite meetings at Pajaro Dunes and organized such a planning offsite for EA in October 1982.
Hawkins had developed the ideas of treating software as an art form and calling the developers, "software artists". Hence, the latest version of the business plan had suggested the name "SoftArt". However, Hawkins and Melmon knew the founders of Software Arts, the creators of VisiCalc, and thought their permission should be obtained. Dan Bricklin did not want the name used because it sounded too similar (perhaps "confusingly similar") to Software Arts. However, the name concept was liked by all the attendees. Hawkins had also recently read a best-selling book about the film studio, United Artists, and liked the reputation that the company had created. Early advisers Andy Berlin, Jeff Goodby, and Rich Silverstein (who would soon form their own ad agency Goodby, Silverstein & Partners) were also fans of that approach, and the discussion was led by Hawkins and Berlin. Hawkins said everyone had a vote but they would lose it if they went to sleep.[citation needed]
Hawkins liked the word "electronic", and various employees had considered the phrases "Electronic Artists" and "Electronic Arts". Other candidates included Gordon's suggestion of "Blue Light", a reference from the Disney film Tron.[citation needed] When Gordon and others pushed for "Electronic Artists", in tribute to the film company United Artists, Steve Hayes opposed, saying, "We're not the artists, they are..." meaning that the developers whose games EA would publish were the artists. This statement from Hayes immediately tilted sentiment towards Electronic Arts and the name was unanimously endorsed.[citation needed]
A novel approach to giving credit to its developers was one of EA's trademarks in its early days. This characterization was even further reinforced with EA's packaging of most of their games in the "album cover" pioneered by EA because Hawkins thought that a record album style would both save costs and convey an artistic feeling.[17] EA routinely referred to their developers as "artists" and gave them photo credits in their games and numerous full-page magazine ads. Their first such ad, accompanied by the slogan "We see farther," was the first video game advertisement to feature software designers.[16] EA also shared lavish profits with their developers, which added to their industry appeal. The square "album cover" boxes (such as the covers for 1983's M.U.L.E. and Pinball Construction Set) were a popular packaging concept by Electronic Arts, which wanted to represent their developers as "rock stars".[17]
In the mid-1980s Electronic Arts aggressively marketed products for the Commodore Amiga, a premier home computer of the late 1980s and early 1990s in Europe. Commodore had given EA development tools and prototype machines before Amiga's actual launch. For Amiga EA published some notable non-game titles. A drawing program Deluxe Paint (1985) and its subsequent versions became perhaps the most famous piece of software available for Amiga platform.[18] Other Amiga programs released by EA included Deluxe Music Construction Set, Deluxe Paint Animation and Instant Music. Some of them, most notably Deluxe Paint, were ported to other platforms. For Macintosh EA released a black & white animation tool called Studio/1, and a series of Paint titles called Studio/8 and Studio/32 (1990).
In 1988 EA published a flight simulator game exclusively for Amiga, F/A-18 Interceptor, which received attention due to its vector graphics that were notable for 1988 standards. Another significant Amiga release (also initially available for Atari ST, later converted for numerous other platforms) was Populous (1989) developed by Bullfrog Productions. It was a pioneering and influential title in the genre that was later called "god games".
In 1990, Electronic Arts began producing console games for the Nintendo Entertainment System, after previously licensing its computer games to other console-game publishers.[19] Eventually, Trip Hawkins left EA to found the now defunct 3DO Company.
In 1995 Electronic Arts won the European Computer Trade Show award for best software publisher of the year.[20]
2000–2007[edit]




Headquarters of EA in October 2007.


EA is headquartered in the Redwood Shores neighborhood of Redwood City, California.[21] Following the retirement and departure of Trip Hawkins in 2000, EA decided to replace its logo with a new one, and Larry Probst took over the reins.
In 2004, EA made a multimillion-dollar donation to fund the development of game production curriculum at the University of Southern California's Interactive Media Division. On February 1, 2006, Electronic Arts announced that it would cut worldwide staff by 5 percent.[22] On June 20, 2006 EA purchased Mythic Entertainment, who are finished making Warhammer Online.[23]
After Sega's ESPN NFL 2K5 successfully grabbed market share away from EA's dominant Madden NFL series during the 2004 holiday season, EA responded by making several large sports licensing deals which include an exclusive agreement with the NFL, and in January 2005, a 15-year deal with ESPN.[24] The ESPN deal gave EA exclusive first rights to all ESPN content for sports simulation games. On April 11, 2005, EA announced a similar, 6-year licensing deal with the Collegiate Licensing Company (CLC) for exclusive rights to college football content.[25]
Much of EA's success, both in terms of sales and with regards to its stock market valuation, is due to its strategy of platform-agnostic development and the creation of strong multi-year franchises. EA was the first publisher to release yearly updates of its sports franchises—Madden, FIFA, NHL, NBA Live, Tiger Woods, etc.—with updated player rosters and small graphical and gameplay tweaks.[26] Recognizing the risk of franchise fatigue among consumers, EA announced in 2006 that it would concentrate more of its effort on creating new original intellectual property.[27]
In September 2006, Nokia and EA announced a partnership in which EA becomes an exclusive major supplier of mobile games to Nokia mobile devices through the Nokia Content Discoverer. In the beginning, Nokia customers were able to download seven EA titles (Tetris, Tetris Mania, The Sims 2, Doom, FIFA 06, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 06 and FIFA Street 2) on the holiday season in 2006. Rick Simonson is the executive vice president and director of Nokia and starting from 2006 is affiliated with John Riccitiello and are partners.[28]
2007–2013[edit]
In February 2007, Probst stepped down from the CEO job while remaining on the Board of Directors. His handpicked successor is John Riccitiello, who had worked at EA for several years previously, departed for a while, and then returned.[29] Riccitiello previously worked for Elevation Partners, Sara Lee and PepsiCo. In June 2007, new CEO John Riccitiello announced that EA would reorganize itself into four labels, each with responsibility for its own product development and publishing (the city-state model). The goal of the reorganization was to empower the labels to operate more autonomously, streamline decision-making, increase creativity and quality, and get games into the market faster.[30] This reorganization came after years of consolidation and acquisition by EA of smaller studios, which some in the industry blamed for a decrease in quality of EA titles. In 2008, at the DICE Summit, Riccitiello called the earlier approach of "buy and assimilate" a mistake, often stripping smaller studios of its creative talent. Riccitiello said that the city-state model allows independent developers to remain autonomous to a large extent, and cited Maxis and BioWare as examples of studios thriving under the new structure.[31][32]
Also, in 2007, EA announced that it would be bringing some of its major titles to the Macintosh. EA has released Battlefield 2142, Command & Conquer: Tiberium Wars, Crysis, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Madden NFL 08, Need for Speed: Carbon and Spore for the Mac. All of the new games have been developed for the Macintosh using Cider, a technology developed by TransGaming that enables Intel-based Macs to run Windows games inside a translation layer running on Mac OS X. They are not playable on PowerPC-based Macs.[33]
In October 2007, EA purchased Super Computer International, a long-standing industry provider of game server hosting for development studios, who were currently developing the new Playlinc software. A week later they then purchased VG Holding Corp, the parent company of BioWare and Pandemic Studios.
It was revealed in February 2008 that Electronic Arts had made a takeover bid for rival game company Take-Two Interactive. After its initial offer of US$25 per share, all cash stock transaction offer was rejected by the Take-Two board, EA revised it to US$26 per share, a 64% premium over the previous day's closing price and made the offer known to the public.[34] Rumours had been floating around the Internet prior to the offer about Take-Two possibly being bought over by a bigger company, albeit with Viacom as the potential bidder.[35][36] In May 2008, EA announced that it will purchase the assets of Hands-On Mobile Korea, a South Korean mobile game developer and publisher. The company will become EA Mobile Korea.[37] In September 2008, EA dropped its buyout offer of Take-Two. No reason was given.[38]
As of November 6, 2008 it was confirmed that Electronic Arts is closing their Casual Label & merging it with their Hasbro partnership with The Sims Label.[39] EA also confirmed the departure of Kathy Vrabeck, who was given the position as former president of the EA Casual Division in May 2007. EA made this statement about the merger: "We've learned a lot about casual entertainment in the past two years, and found that casual gaming defies a single genre and demographic. With the retirement and departure of Kathy Vrabeck, EA is reorganizing to integrate casual games—development and marketing—into other divisions of our business. We are merging our Casual Studios, Hasbro partnership, and Casual marketing organization with The Sims Label to be a new Sims and Casual Label, where there is a deep compatibility in the product design, marketing and demographics. [...] In the days and weeks ahead, we will make further announcements on the reporting structure for the other businesses in the Casual Label including EA Mobile, Pogo, Media Sales and Online Casual Initiatives. Those businesses remain growth priorities for EA and deserve strong support in a group that will compliment their objectives."[40] This statement comes a week after EA announced it was laying off 6% about 600 of their staff positions and had a US$310 million net loss for the quarter.[41]
Due to the 2008 Economic Crisis, Electronic Arts had a poorer than expected 2008 holiday season, moving it in February 2009 to cut approximately 1100 jobs, which it said represented about 11% of its workforce. It also closed 12 of their facilities. Riccitiello, in a conference call with reporters, stated that their poor performance in the fourth quarter was not due entirely to the poor economy, but also to the fact that they did not release any blockbuster titles in the quarter. In the quarter ending December 31, 2008, the company lost US$641 million. As of early May 2009, the subsidiary studio EA Redwood Shores was known as Visceral Games.[42][43] On June 24, 2009, EA announced it will merge two of its development studios, BioWare and Mythic into one single role-playing video game and MMO development powerhouse. The move will actually place Mythic under control of BioWare as Ray Muzyka and Greg Zeschuk will be in direct control of the new entity.[44] By fall 2012, both Muzyka and Zeschuk had chosen to depart the merged entity in a joint retirement announcement.[45][46][47]
On November 9, 2009, EA announced its acquisition of social casual games developer Playfish for US$275 million.[48] On the same day, the company announced layoffs of 1500 employees, representing 17% of its workforce, across a number of studios including EA Tiburon, Visceral Games, Mythic and EA Black Box. Also affected were "projects and support activities" that, according to Chief Financial Officer Eric Brown "don't make economic sense",[49] resulting in the shutdown of popular communities such as Battlefield News at the Wayback Machine (archived January 12, 2006) and the EA Community Team at the Wayback Machine (archived February 5, 2009). These layoffs also led to the complete shutdown of Pandemic Studios.[50]

"Chillingo" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Chilango.
In October 2010, EA announced the acquisition of UK based iPhone and iPad games publisher Chillingo for US$20 million in cash. Chillingo published the popular Angry Birds for iOS and Cut the Rope for all platforms, but the deal did not include those properties,[51] so Cut the Rope became published by ZeptoLab, and Angry Birds became published by Rovio Entertainment.
2013–present[edit]
On March 18, 2013, John Riccitello announced that he would be stepping down as CEO and a member of the Board of Directors on March 30, 2013. Larry Probst was also appointed executive chairman on the same day.[52]
In April 2013, EA announced a reorganization which was to include dismissal of 10% of their workforce, consolidation of marketing functions which were distributed among the five label organizations, and subsumption of Origin operational leadership under the President of Labels.[53][54] In May 2013, EA announced that they had partnered with Disney to release Star Wars games from 2013 to 2023 exclusively. EA's subsidiaries including BioWare, DICE, Visceral Games, Motive Studios, Capital Games and external developer Respawn Entertainment, were responsible in creating new video games set in the Star Wars universe.[55][56] Andrew Wilson was appointed the CEO of EA.[57] In April 2015, EA announced that it would be shutting down various free-to-play games in July of that year, including Battlefield Heroes, Battlefield Play4Free, Need for Speed: World, and FIFA World.[58]
During E3 2015, vice president of the company, Patrick Söderlund, announced that the company will start investing more on smaller titles such as Unravel so as to broaden the company's portfolio.[59] On December 10, 2015, EA announced a new division called Competitive Gaming Division, which focuses on creating competitive game experience and organizing ESports events. It was once headed by Peter Moore.[60]
In May 2016, Electronic Arts announced that they had formed a new internal division called Frostbite Labs. The new department specializes in creating new projects for virtual reality platforms, and "virtual humans". The new department is located in Stockholm and Vancouver.[61]
Electronic Arts company structure[edit]
EA is headed by chairman Larry Probst and CEO Andrew Wilson. Many have attributed former CEO John Riccitiello's success in leading EA to his passion as a gamer.[62] Electronic Arts has four main labels (divisions), with numerous studios falling under each one.[63]
EA Games[edit]
Home to the largest number of studio and development teams, this label is responsible for action-adventure, role playing, racing and combat games, marketed under the EA brand. In addition to traditional packaged-goods games, EA Games also develops massively multiplayer online role-playing games. Led by Patrick Söderlund.[64]

Criterion Games
EA Digital Illusions CE (formerly Digital Illusions Creative Entertainment, DICE)

DICE Los Angeles


Ghost Games
Visceral Games (formerly EA Redwood Shores)
EA BioWare—focuses on creating multiplatform, role-playing, MMO and strategy games. Includes

BioWare Edmonton
BioWare Austin
BioWare Montreal


Motive Studios

EA Sports[edit]
Main article: EA Sports
Publishes all the realistic, casual, and freestyle sports-based titles from EA, including FIFA Football, Madden NFL, Fight Night, NBA Live, NCAA Football, Cricket, NCAA March Madness, Tiger Woods PGA Tour, NHL Hockey, NASCAR and Rugby. Led by Patrick Söderlund.[64]

EA Tiburon (Florida)
EA Canada (Burnaby)

EA Maxis[edit]
Main article: EA Maxis
Known for The Sims series, EA Maxis develops and markets life-simulation games and online communities. The label is headquartered at EA's campus in Redwood Shores. Maxis' original studio in Emeryville was closed in March 2015. The studio now sits under the leadership of the SVP of EA Mobile.[65] The label had previously been renamed EA Play.

Maxis Redwood Shores

The Sims Studio


Maxis Salt Lake
Maxis Melbourne
Maxis Helsinki

EA All Play[edit]
Includes original EA and partner franchises like The Simpsons, Tetris, SCRABBLE, MONOPOLY, World Series of Poker, Real Racing, Ultima, as well as online games for the Pogo.com online service.

PopCap Games
EA Mobile

SEED[edit]
The Search for Extraordinary Experiences Division (SEED) was revealed at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2017 as a technology research division and incubator, using tools like deep learning and neural networks to bring in player experiences and other external factors to help them with developing more immersive narratives and games.[66][67] SEED has offices in Los Angeles and Stockholm.[68]
Owned studios and partnership companies[edit]
Current[edit]

BioWare in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada and Montreal, Quebec, Canada and Austin, Texas and Galway, Ireland founded in February 1995, acquired October 2007 from Elevation Partners.
Chillingo in Macclesfield, United Kingdom
Criterion Games in Guildford, England, founded as Criterion Software in 1993, acquired in August 2004.
EA Baton Rouge (formerly North American Testing Center) in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, opened in September 2008.
EA Canada in Burnaby, British Columbia, started in January 1983.
EA Casual Entertainment
EA China in Shanghai, China
EA Deutschland in Cologne, Germany
EA DICE in Stockholm, Sweden, founded in 1992, acquired in 2005.
EA France in Lyon, France
EIS (European Integration Studio) in Madrid, Spain
EA India, Noida, India
EA Japan, Tokyo, Japan
EA Mobile Japan Studio, Tokyo, Japan
EA Brazil, São Paulo, Brazil
Spearhead in Seoul, South Korea, founded in 1998 as EA Korea.
DICE Los Angeles in Los Angeles, California, founded as DreamWorks Interactive LLC in 1995, acquired in 2000.
EA Romania in Bucharest, Romania, founded as JAMDAT Mobile Romania in 2005, acquired in 2006.
EA Russia in Moscow, Russia, translate in Russian
EA Mobile in Los Angeles, California
EA Montreal in Montreal, Quebec, Canada started in 2004.
EA San Francisco in Embarcadero, San Francisco
EA Salt Lake in Salt Lake City, Utah, founded as Headgate Studios, founded in 1992, acquired December 2006.
EA Singapore in Singapore
EA Sports made up of EA Canada in Burnaby, Canada and EA Tiburon Maitland, Florida, publisher of EA's sports franchise games
EA Tiburon in Maitland, Florida founded as Tiburon Entertainment in 1994, acquired in 1998.
Easy Studios in Stockholm, Sweden. Founded in 2008 developing PC games for EA's new Play4Free series.
Ghost Games in Gothenburg, Sweden, England, UK and Bucharest, Romania, founded as EA Gothenburg in 2011, rebranded in 2012.
Motive Studios in Montreal, Quebec, Canada started in 2015.
PopCap Games in Seattle, Washington acquired in 2011.
The Sims Studio in Redwood City, California founded in 2006.
Uprise (formerly ESN) in Uppsala, Sweden, founded in 2002, acquired in 2012.
Visceral Games in Redwood City, California, also has an office in Shanghai, China; founded as EA Redwood Shores in 1998.
Capital Games in Sacramento, California founded in 2008, specialised in creating mobile games.

Defunct[edit]

Original HQ in San Mateo, California, moved to Redwood City in 1998.
Origin Systems in Austin, Texas founded in 1983, acquired in 1992, closed in 2004.
Bullfrog Productions in Surrey, England, founded in 1987, acquired in 1995,[69] merged with EA UK and effectively closed in 2001.
EA Baltimore in Baltimore, Maryland, established in 1996 as part of Origin, closed in 2000
EA Seattle in Seattle, Washington, founded in 1982 as Manley & Associates, acquired January 29, 1996, closed in 2002
Maxis in Walnut Creek, California, founded in 1987, acquired in June 1997, folded into Redwood Shores (now Visceral Games) in 2004.
Westwood Studios in Las Vegas, Nevada, founded in 1987, acquired from Virgin Interactive Entertainment in August 1998, merged into EA Los Angeles in 2003.
EA Pacific (known for a time as Westwood Pacific) in Irvine, California, formerly part of Virgin Interactive, acquired with Westwood in 1998, closed in 2003
Kesmai (known also as GameStorm), founded in 1981, acquired in 1999, closed in 2001.
DICE Canada in London, Ontario, started in 1998, acquired DICE fully October 2, 2006; closed DICE Canada studio hours later.
EA UK in Chertsey, United Kingdom, moved to EA Bright Light in Guildford.
EA Chicago in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, founded in 1990 as NuFX, acquired in 2004, closed November 6, 2007.
Pandemic Studios in Los Angeles, California and Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, founded in 1998, acquired October 2007 from Elevation Partners, closed November 17, 2009.
EA Bright Light, in Guildford, Surrey, formerly EA UK, closed in 2011.
EA Black Box in Burnaby, Canada, founded in 1998, acquired in 2002, closed on April 2013.
EA Mobile Brazil in São Paulo, Brazil, closed in 2013.
EA Phenomic in Ingelheim, Germany, founded as Phenomic Game Development in 1997, acquired August 2006 and closed down in 2013.
Playfish in London, England, acquired in 2009, closed down in 2013.
Danger Close Games in Los Angeles, founded as DreamWorks Interactive, LLC. in 1995, acquired in 2000, renamed as EA Los Angeles and closed down in 2013.
EA North Carolina in Morrisville, North Carolina, closed in 2013[70]
Victory Games in Los Angeles, California, also has offices in Austin, Texas and Shanghai, China; founded in 2010 and closed down in 2013 as Danger Close.
Mythic Entertainment in Fairfax, Virginia, founded as Interworld Productions in 1995, acquired in June 2006 and closed down in May 2014.
Maxis in Emeryville, California, founded in 1987, acquired in July 1997, and closed down in March 2015.
Waystone was disbanded in November 2014.[71]

EA Partners program[edit]
The EA Partners co-publishing arm is dedicated to publishing and distributing games developed by third-party developers. Notable publishing/distribution agreements include:

Alice: Madness Returns – Spicy Horse
APB – Realtime Worlds
Brütal Legend – Double Fine Productions
Bulletstorm – Epic Games
Crysis series – Crytek
DeathSpank – Hothead Games
Fuse – Insomniac Games[72]
Hellgate: London – Flagship Studios
Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning – 38 Studios, Big Huge Games
Rock Band series – Harmonix and MTV Games
The Secret World – Funcom[73]
Shadows of the Damned – Grasshopper Manufacture
Shank series – Klei Entertainment
Syndicate – Starbreeze Studios
Titanfall series – Respawn Entertainment
Warp – Trapdoor

EA Originals program[edit]
 EA Originals is a program within Electronic Arts to help support independently-developed video games. The program was announced at EA's press event at the 2016 E3 Conference, and builds upon the success they had with Unravel in 2015. The first game to be supported under this program is Fe by Zoink Games, with plans for release in 2017.[74] It will be followed by Sea of Solitude and A Way Out.
Games by Electronic Arts[edit]
Main article: List of Electronic Arts games
Some of the most notable and popular games of video game history have been published by EA, and many of these are listed below. Though EA published these titles, they did not always develop them; some were developed by independent game development studios. EA developed their first internally developed game in 1987.

Pinball Construction Set (1983) by Bill Budge[75]
M.U.L.E. (1983) by Dan Bunten and Ozark Softscape
Archon: The Light and the Dark (1983) by Paul Reiche III and Free Fall Associates
The Bard's Tale (1985) by Interplay Productions
Skate or Die! (1987), EA's first internally developed title
Madden NFL series (1989–present)
Populous (1989) by Bullfrog which EA acquired in 1995
Wing Commander series (1992 onwards, previous games published in-house)
Desert Strike: Return to the Gulf (1992) by EA's High Score Production group
FIFA series (1993–present)
Dungeon Keeper series (titles from 1997 to 1999) by Bullfrog Productions
Ultima Online (1997) by Origin Systems
Command & Conquer series (titles from 1999 to 2013) by Westwood Studios (earlier titles released by Virgin Interactive)
SimCity series (titles from 1999–present) by Maxis (earlier titles released by other publishers)
Medal of Honor series (1999–2012)
Need for Speed series (1994–present)
James Bond series (1999–2005)
American McGee's Alice (2000)
The Sims series (2000–present) by Maxis (2000-2006, 2013–present) and The Sims Studio (2007-2012)
Battlefield series (2002–present) by EA Digital Illusions CE
Crysis series (2007–present) by Crytek
Rock Band series (2007–2010) by Harmonix
Spore series (2008–present) by Maxis
Army of Two series (2008–present) by EA Montreal
Dead Space series (2008–present) by Visceral Games
Mirror's Edge series (2008–present) by EA Digital Illusions CE
Dragon Age series (2009–present) by BioWare
Mass Effect series (starting with the PC release of the first game, the original Xbox 360 version was published by Microsoft) (2008–present)
Dante's Inferno (2010) by Visceral Games
Star Wars: The Old Republic (2011) by BioWare
EA Sports UFC (2014–present) by EA Canada
Star Wars Battlefront (2015) by EA Digital Illusions CE

Upcoming titles[edit]

Madden NFL 18 (PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
FIFA 18 (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One)
NBA Live 18 (PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Star Wars Battlefront II (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Need for Speed Payback (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
A Way Out (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Anthem (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Fe (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Sea of Solitude (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)

Controversies[edit]
Studio acquisition and management practices[edit]
See also: List of acquisitions by Electronic Arts
During its period of fastest growth, EA was often criticized for buying smaller development studios primarily for their intellectual property assets, and then producing drastically changed games of their franchises. For example, Origin-produced Ultima VIII: Pagan and Ultima IX: Ascension were developed quickly under EA's ownership, over the protests of Ultima creator Richard Garriott,[76] and these two are widely considered[77] to be sub-par compared to the rest of the series.[78][79]
In early 2008, CEO John Riccitiello acknowledged that this practice by EA was wrong and that the company now gives acquired studios greater autonomy without "meddling" in their corporate culture.[31]
In 2008, John D. Carmack of id Software said that EA is no longer the "Evil Empire"[80]

I'll admit that, if you asked me years ago, I still had thoughts that EA was the Evil Empire, the company that crushes the small studios...I'd have been surprised, if you told me a year ago that we'd end up with EA as a publisher. When we went out and talked to people, especially EA Partners people like Valve, we got almost uniformly positive responses from them.

Like other EA Partners, such as Harmonix/MTV Games, Carmack stressed that EA Partners deal "isn't really a publishing arrangement. Instead, they really offer a menu of services—Valve takes one set of things, Crytek takes a different set, and we're probably taking a third set".[80]
EA was criticized for shutting down some of its acquired studios after they released poorly performing games (for instance, Origin).[81] Though, in some of the cases, the shutdown was merely a reformation of teams working at different small studios into a single studio.[82][83] In the past, Magic Carpet 2 was rushed to completion over the objections of designer Peter Molyneux and it shipped during the holiday season with several major bugs. Studios such as Origin and Bullfrog Productions had previously produced games attracting significant fanbases. Many fans also became annoyed that their favorite developers were closed down, but some developers, for example the EALA studio, have stated that they try to carry on the legacy of the old studio (Westwood Studios). Once EA received criticism from labor groups for its dismissals of large groups of employees during the closure of a studio. However, later, it was confirmed that layoffs were not heavily confined to one team or another, countering early rumors that the teams were specifically targeted—countering the implication that the under performance of certain games might have been the catalyst.[84]
EA was once criticized for the acquisition of 19.9 percent of shares of its competitor Ubisoft, a move that Ubisoft's then spokesperson initially described as a "hostile act".[85] However, Ubisoft CEO Yves Guillemot later indicated that a merger with EA was a possibility, stating, "The first option for us is to manage our own company and grow it. The second option is to work with the movie industry, and the third is to merge."[86] However, in July 2010, EA elected to sell its reduced 15 percent share in Ubisoft.[87] That share equated to roughly €94 million (US$122 million).[88]
Treatment of employees[edit]
In 2004, Electronic Arts was criticized for employees working extraordinarily long hours—up to 100 hours per week—and not just at "crunch" times leading up to the scheduled releases of products. The publication of the EA Spouse blog, with criticisms such as "The current mandatory hours are 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.—seven days a week—with the occasional Saturday evening off for good behavior (at 6:30 PM)."[89] The company has since settled a class action lawsuit brought by game artists to compensate for unpaid overtime.[90] The class was awarded US$15.6 million. As a result, many of the lower-level developers (artists, programmers, producers, and designers) are now working at an hourly rate. A similar suit brought by programmers was settled for US$14.9 million.[91]
Since these criticisms first aired, it has been reported that EA has taken steps to address work-life balance concerns by focusing on long-term project planning, compensation, and communication with employees. These efforts accelerated with the arrival of John Riccitiello as CEO in February 2007. In December 2007, an internal EA employee survey showed a 13% increase in employee morale and a 21% increase in perception of management recognition over a three-year period.[92]
In May 2008, "EA Spouse" blog author Erin Hoffman, speaking to videogame industry news site Gamasutra, stated that EA had made significant progress, but may now be falling into old patterns again. Hoffman said that "I think EA is tremendously reformed, having made some real strong efforts to get the right people into their human resources department", and "I've been hearing from people who have gotten overtime pay there and I think that makes a great deal of difference. In fact, I've actually recommended to a few people I know to apply for jobs there", but she also said she has begun to hear "horror stories" once again.[93]
Game quality[edit]
For 2006, the games review aggregation site Metacritic gives the average of EA games as 72.0 (out of 100); 2.5 points behind Nintendo (74.5) but ahead of the other first-party publishers Microsoft (71.6) and Sony (71.2). The closest third-party publisher is Take-Two Interactive (publishing as 2K Games and Rockstar Games) at 70.3. The remaining top 10 publishers (Sega, THQ, Ubisoft, Activision, Square Enix) all rate in the mid 60s. Since 2005, EA has published eight games that received "Universal Acclaim" in at least one platform (Metacritic score 90 or greater): Battlefield 2, Crysis, Rock Band, FIFA 12, FIFA 13, Mass Effect 2, Mass Effect 3, and Dragon Age: Origins.
EA's aggregate review performance had shown a downward trend in quality over recent years and was expected to affect market shares during competitive seasons. Pacific Crest Securities analyst Evan Wilson had said, "Poor reviews and quality are beginning to tarnish the EA brand. According to our ongoing survey of GameRankings.com aggregated review data, Electronic Arts' overall game quality continues to fall... Although market share has not declined dramatically to date, in years such as 2007, which promises to have tremendous competition, it seems likely if quality does not improve."[94][95]
EA had also received criticism for developing games that lack innovation vis-à-vis the number of gaming titles produced under the EA brand that show a history of yearly updates, particularly in their sporting franchises. These typically retail as new games at full market price and feature only updated team rosters in addition to incremental changes to game mechanics, the user interface, and graphics. One critique compared EA to companies like Ubisoft and concluded that EA's innovation in new and old IPs "Crawls along at a snail's pace,"[96] while even the company's own CEO, John Riccitiello, acknowledged the lack of innovation seen in the industry generally, saying, "We're boring people to death and making games that are harder and harder to play. For the most part, the industry has been rinse-and-repeat. There's been lots of product that looked like last year's product, that looked a lot like the year before." EA has announced that it is turning its attention to creating new game IPs in order to stem this trend, with recently acquired and critically acclaimed studios BioWare and Pandemic would be contributing to this process.[97][98] In 2012, EA’s games were ranked highest of all large publishers in the industry, according to Metacritic.[99]
On December 19, 2013, EA was hit with a class action lawsuit over the bugs in the Battlefield 4 DLC. EA issued a statement regarding the various issues and bugs of the game and promised players that these issues would be fixed before the launch of the next generation consoles. This was not the case as players on both the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One had the same problems. The problems were so severe that they made certain parts of the game unplayable due to campaign save files being corrupted and players being unable to start or join multiplayer servers. Players expressed their outrage on the forums of Battlelog, EA Answers HQ and social news sites such as Reddit.[100] EA DICE responded by apologizing for the bugs and promising that they would halt all production of the release of new DLC packages until they fixed the various problems.
Sports licensing and exclusivity[edit]
On June 5, 2008, a lawsuit was filed in Oakland, California alleging Electronic Arts is breaking United States anti-trust laws by signing exclusive contracts with the NFL Players Association, the NCAA and Arena Football League, to use players' names, likenesses and team logos. This keeps other companies from being able to sign the same agreements. The suit further accuses EA of raising the price of games associated with these licenses as a result of this action.[101] In an interview with GameTap, Peter Moore said it was the NFL that sought the deal. "To be clear, the NFL was the entity that wanted the exclusive relationship. EA bid, as did a number of other companies, for the exclusive relationship", Moore said. "It wasn't on our behest that this went exclusive... We bid and we were very fortunate and lucky and delighted to be the winning licensee."[102] While EA argued the player's likenesses was incidentally used, this was rejected by the United States Courts of Appeals in 2015.[103] A further appeal to the US Supreme Court was unsuccessful.[104] In June 2016, EA settled with Jim Brown for $600,000.[105]
On September 26, 2013, EA settled a series of wide-ranging class action lawsuits filed by former NCAA players accusing EA and others of unauthorized use of player likenesses in their football and basketball games. EA settled the lawsuit for an undisclosed amount.[106][107] The settlement is reported to be around $40 million, to be paid to between 200,000 and 300,000 players.[108]
EULA and DRM[edit]
In the September 2008 release of EA's game Spore it was revealed that the DRM scheme included a program called SecuROM and a lifetime machine-activation limit of three (3) instances. A huge public outcry over this DRM scheme broke out over the Internet and swarmed Amazon.com with one-star ratings and critical reviews of the game in order to get EA to "pay attention to their consumers".[109] This DRM scheme, which was intended to hinder the efforts of infringers to illegally use and distribute EA software, instead mainly affected paying customers, as the game itself was copied and distributed well before release.[110] On September 13, 2008, it was announced (by TorrentFreak's statistics) that Spore was the most torrented game ever with over half a million illegal downloads within the first week of release.[111] In response to customer reaction, EA officially announced its release of upcoming Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3 would increase the installation limit to 5 rather than 3.[112]
On September 22, 2008, a global class action lawsuit was filed against EA regarding the DRM in Spore, complaining about EA not disclosing the existence of SecuROM in the game manual, and addressing how SecuROM runs with the nature of a rootkit, including how it remains on the hard drive even after Spore is uninstalled.[113][114][115] On October 14, 2008, a similar class action lawsuit was filed against EA for the inclusion of DRM software in the free demo version of the Creature Creator.[116]
On March 31, 2009, EA released a "De-Authorization Management Tool" that allows customers who have installed games containing the SecuROM activation scheme to "de-authorize" a computer, freeing up one of the five machine "slots" to be used on another machine.[117]
On June 24, 2009, EA announced a change in its approach to preventing copyright infringement of PC games. While eliminating the DRM that uniquely identifies a machine, the plan described a replacement with a traditional CD-key check. With an emphasis on downloaded content, the plan moved toward software as a service.[118] In 2013, EA received criticism regarding its persistent online authentication system as implemented in the SimCity reboot.[119][120]
Advertising[edit]
In 2009, EA arranged a fake protest outside the Electronic Entertainment Expo to draw attention to the game Dante's Inferno.[121] Ostensibly Christian protestors bore placards objecting to the game's themes involving hell and damnation, and it was not clear until several days later that the event had been staged. Several Christian bloggers criticized the event for perpetuating negative stereotypes about Christians.
A 2011 advertising campaign for Dead Space 2 featured older women reacting negatively to the game with the campaign slogan "Your mom hates Dead Space 2". Two hundred women had been selected for their conservative values and lack of familiarity with video games, and their reactions to a screening of the game were featured in EA's web and TV advertisements.[122] The campaign was at first admired, but soon described as sexist and ageist, with some claiming that it was reinforcing outdated stereotypes against female and older gamers.[123][124][125][126] As of 2010, 40% of video game players were women and the average game player was 34 years old.[127]
On February 24, 2011, the Extra Credits team (at the time on The Escapist) published the episode "An Open Letter to EA Marketing", denouncing Electronic Arts' marketing decisions for the Dante's Inferno, Medal of Honor and Dead Space 2 releases. They argue that EA's decisions to hire fake protesters and market games solely on shock value, while neglecting to defend the Medal of Honor on a First Amendment basis for letting the player play as the Taliban, have been hurtful to the gaming industry. They also argue that the advertisements are counterproductive to Electronic Arts' wishes to elevate games to an art medium as demonstrated in the 1980s Electronic Arts ad 'Can a Computer Make You Cry?'.[128][129]
Mass Effect 3's ending was poorly received by both critics and fans due to the inconsistencies between statements by BioWare staff during the game's development and the form the endings ultimately took.[130][131][132][133] Displeased by the ending, one player took his complaint to the Federal Trade Commission, the agency created to protect consumers. His argument was that BioWare did not deliver on the promise of its game, saying the end product did not match with the advertising campaign and PR interviews for the game.[134] The U.S. Better Business Bureau also responded to the controversy, supporting claims by fans that BioWare falsely advertised the player's "complete" control over the game's final outcome.[135][136] The UK's Advertising Standards Authority disagreed, ruling that EA and BioWare were not guilty of false advertisement since the endings were "thematically quite different", and the choices and readiness rating reflected in the ending content were significant enough to avoid actionable misleading of consumers under existing law.[137]
According to a Reddit administrator and a former moderator of the subreddit devoted to the 2015 Star Wars Battlefront, moderators removed posts critical of the game at the direction of EA personnel in exchange for pre-release access to the game.[138]
LGBT controversies[edit]
See also: Gender representation in video games § Portrayal of LGBT characters
EA has been noted for its inclusion of LGBT characters in games, and was among the companies given a perfect LGBT workplace score by the Human Rights Campaign in 2014.[139]
The positive portrayals of LGBT characters in games by EA subsidiary BioWare have motivated fan support and also backlash.[140] Several employees involved in Dragon Age II received hate mail and threats following its release.[140][141] BioWare lead writer David Gaider responded to a fan upset by the game's bisexual romances, denying the fan's ability to speak for all straight male gamers and writing, "the person who says that the only way to please them is to restrict options for others is, if you ask me, the one who deserves it least."[142]
Over the years from 2006 through 2012, various quotes both truly and falsely attributed to BioWare writer Jennifer Hepler were circulated online by fans who considered her emblematic of their complaints.[143] After one quote from a 2006 interview was used to link Hepler with unpopular changes to Dragon Age II's combat systems, Hepler was harassed by telephone and online.[141] The issue tapped into longstanding discontent over games being simplified to appeal to broader audiences.[143] Backlash was also related to Hepler's writing for Anders, the character that prompted the "straight male gamer" complaint.[143][144] According to Susana Polo in The Mary Sue, Hepler's gender may have intensified the harassment she experienced, but it was more directly the result of her being scapegoated for EA's pivot towards casual gamers.[144]
EA refused to abandon plans to add gay romances to Star Wars: The Old Republic that were opposed by the Family Research Council.[145] An online petition gathered more than 60,000 signatures in support of EA's decision before the petition became compromised by automated spam signatures.[146] The automated signatures were discovered by Reddit and 4chan users, who accused EA of using the issue to link broader criticism of EA with homophobia.[146] When eventually added to the game, the same-sex romances were ridiculed for being confined to a single "gay planet".[147]
The Consumerist rating as "Worst Company in America"[edit]
In April 2012, The Consumerist awarded EA with the title of "Worst Company in America" along with a ceremonial Golden Poo trophy.[148] The record-breaking poll drew in more than 250,000 votes and saw EA beating out such regulars as AT&T and Walmart. The final round of voting pitted EA against Bank of America. EA won with 50,575 votes or 64.03%.[149] This result came in the aftermath of the Mass Effect 3 ending controversy which several commentators viewed as a significant contribution to EA's win in the poll.[149][150] Other explanations include use of day-one DLC and EA's habit of acquiring smaller developers to squash competition.[151] EA spokesman John Reseburg responded to the poll by saying, "We're sure that bank presidents, oil, tobacco and weapons companies are all relieved they weren't on the list this year. We're going to continue making award-winning games and services played by more than 300 million people worldwide."[152][153]
In April 2013, EA won The Consumerist's poll for "Worst Company in America" a second time, consecutively, becoming the first company to do so. Games mentioned in the announcement included the critically controversial Mass Effect 3 for its ending, Dead Space 3 for its use of micro transactions, and the more recent SimCity reboot due to its poorly handled launch. Additionally, poor customer support, "nickel and diming", and public dismissiveness of criticisms were also given as explanations for the results of the poll. The Consumerist summarized the results by asking, "When we live in an era marked by massive oil spills, faulty foreclosures by bad banks, and rampant consolidation in the airline and telecom industry, what does it say about EA’s business practices that so many people have — for the second year in a row — come out to hand it the title of Worst Company in America?"[154]
When asked about the poll by VentureBeat, Frank Gibeau, President of EA Labels, responded "we take it seriously, and want to see it change. In the last few months, we have started making changes to the business practices that gamers clearly don’t like."[155] Gibeau attributes the elimination of online passes, the decision to make The Sims 4 a single-player, offline experience, as well as the unveiling of more new games to the shift in thinking. "The point is we are listening, and we are changing," Gibeau said.[155]
Dungeon Keeper Mobile app store vote manipulation[edit]
In 2013, EA released Dungeon Keeper Mobile, a free-to-play mobile variant of the popular 1990's strategy game Dungeon Keeper. The game was poorly received by both game critics and users. Critics noted that an in-game prompt claimed that "5-star ratings from you help us provide free updates!", suggesting that the games' creators would stop providing new content if players did not give the game sufficiently high ratings. The rating system involved a redirect process to the mobile storefront on which the game was sold; it was also pointed out that if players rated the game anything less than 5 stars, the game would not redirect them and not actually cast their vote, never indicating this to the user. This led to accusations of EA fraudulently manipulating the game's rating system and its subsequent score on mobile storefronts.[156]
In June 2014, Electronic Arts CEO Andrew Wilson made a public apology for the game, stating that it was a "shame" that he regretted.[157]
In July 2014, the UK-based Advertising Standards Authority banned a Dungeon Keeper Mobile ad from broadcast, stating that the advertisement "deliberately misled consumers" and made false statements about the game's pricing and free-to-play nature.[158] Later that same month Frank Gibeau, head of EA's mobile division, stated that the game's failure was attributed to audiences "not being ready" and that the game "innovated too much". These remarks resulted in backlash from game journalist media and users alike.[159]
See also[edit]


San Francisco Bay Area portal
Companies portal



History of video games
List of Electronic Arts games

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Electronic Arts Inc. Fiscal Year 2016 Proxy Statement and Annual Report" (PDF). Electronic Arts. Archived (PDF) from the original on March 26, 2017. Retrieved March 25, 2017. 
^ Grub, Jeff (April 20, 2015). "Gaming’s top 25 public companies generated $54.1B in revenue last year". VentureBeat. Archived from the original on April 5, 2016. Retrieved March 23, 2016. 
^ Davison, Pete. "E3: EA's Press Conference: The Round-Up". GamePro. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. 
^ "About Us | Locations". Electronic Arts. Archived from the original on August 19, 2011. 
^ Curtis, Tom. "EA reorganizes after a landmark $1B digital year". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. 
^ Totilo, Stephen. "This is What EA’s Up To (On the Day Zynga Hired One of Their Top Guys)". Kotaku. Archived from the original on January 5, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2017. 
^ "EA.com Acquires Leading Games Destination pogo.com". GameZone. February 28, 2001. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Schonfeld, Erick (November 9, 2009). "Not Playing Around. EA Buys Playfish For $300 Million, Plus a $100 Million Earnout". TechCrunch. Archived from the original on September 25, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Wingfield, Nick (June 3, 2011). "EA to Test Its Might Online". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "EA to Acquire NFS world hack". Archived from the original on August 19, 2014. 
^ Curtis, Tom. "EA reorganizes after a landmark $1B digital year". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2017. 
^ "Electronic Arts entry". Sequoiacap.com. Archived from the original on March 8, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Keefer, John (March 31, 2006). "GameSpy Retro: Developer Origins". GameSpy. Archived from the original on May 31, 2009. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Fleming, Jeffrey (February 12, 2007). "We See Farther - A History of Electronic Arts". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution By Steven Levy, page 335
^ a b "EA Studios: The 32-Bit Generation". Next Generation. Imagine Media (11): 97–99. November 1995. 
^ a b "The History of the Pinball Construction Set: Launching Millions of Creative Possibilities". Gamasutra.com. Archived from the original on March 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Jimmy Maher: The Future was Here, a book published by MIT press, 2012
^ "Electronic Arts Inks Pact With Nintendo". Computer Gaming World. May 1990. p. 50. Archived from the original on December 3, 2013. Retrieved November 16, 2013. 
^ "PlayStation Dominates European Show". Next Generation. Imagine Media (6): 15. June 1995. 
^ "EA Redwood Shores". Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. 
^ "Electronic Arts cuts staff by 5 percent". GameSpot. Archived from the original on April 1, 2014. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Electronic Arts To Acquire Mythic Entertainment". Gamasutra.com. June 20, 2006. Archived from the original on February 14, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Surette, Tim (December 13, 2004). "Big Deal: EA and NFL ink exclusive licensing agreement". GameSpot. Archived from the original on November 13, 2014. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "All Madden, all the time". ESPN. December 14, 2004. Archived from the original on December 7, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA Puts it "In the Game"". Archive.gamespy.com. Archived from the original on March 20, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA moves towards new IPs". Gamesindustry.biz. November 30, 2006. Archived from the original on July 21, 2007. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA to Supply Games for Nokia Mobile Devices | Game Guru". Gameguru.in. September 14, 2006. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ Crecente, Brian (December 8, 2014). "Larry Probst, Electronic Arts' Executive Chairman, Steps Down from Company and Remains on Board". Polygon. Archived from the original on September 24, 2015. Retrieved August 6, 2015. 
^ "EA Announces New Company Structure". Gamasutra.com. June 18, 2007. Archived from the original on February 14, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Kohler, Chris (February 8, 2008). "EA's CEO: How I Learned To Acquire Developers And Not *** Them Up". Blog.wired.com. Archived from the original on April 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Schiesel, Seth (February 19, 2008). "A Company Looks to Its Creative Side to Regain What It Had Lost". The New York Times. Archived from the original on May 12, 2011. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ "EA ships four Mac games". MacWorld. March 17, 2009. Archived from the original on November 11, 2015. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Terdiman, Daniel (February 24, 2008). "EA tries to buy Take-Two to keep its top spot". CNET. Archived from the original on September 23, 2015. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ McWhertor, Michael (December 20, 2007). "Take-two Interactive: Analyst "Convinced" That Take-Two Will Be Swallowed". Kotaku. Archived from the original on December 23, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Dinsey, Stuart (February 7, 2008). "Viacom to buy Take Two for $1.5 billion?". MCVUK. Archived from the original on September 11, 2014. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Electronic Arts to acquire Korean mobile developer". Associated Press. May 22, 2008. Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "Electronic Arts drops buyout bid for rival". CTV News. Archived from the original on June 28, 2012. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Crecente, Brian (November 6, 2008). "Electronic Arts: Electronic Arts Ditches Casual Label, Merges It With The Sims". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on March 19, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Crecente, Brian (October 30, 2008). "Electronic Arts: Electronic Arts Lays Off Six Hundred". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on April 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ McWhertor, Michael (October 30, 2008). "Things Are Tough All Over: EA Loses $310 million, Sees "Weakness At Retail" In October". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on December 19, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Wolverton, Troy (February 3, 2009). "Electronic Arts has lousy quarter; slashes 1,100 jobs". The Mercury News. Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. Retrieved May 2, 2009. 
^ "EA loss widens after weak holiday season". The Orlando Sentinel. Associated Press. February 4, 2009. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved May 2, 2009. 
^ Webster, Andrew (June 24, 2009). "EA combines BioWare and Mythic into new RPG/MMO group". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on June 25, 2009. Retrieved June 25, 2009. 
^ BioWare Community Team (September 18, 2012). "RAY MUZYKA & GREG ZESCHUK RETIRE". BioWare. Archived from the original on August 24, 2013. Retrieved September 6, 2013. 
^ Muzyka, Ray (September 18, 2012). "FROM RAY MUZYKA". BioWare. Archived from the original on March 21, 2015. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Zeschuk, Greg (September 18, 2012). "FROM GREG ZESCHUK". BioWare. Archived from the original on March 21, 2015. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Yukari Iwatani, Kane (November 9, 2009). "EA to Acquire Playfish for $275 million". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved November 9, 2009. 
^ "Electronic Arts posts loss, to cut jobs". Reuters. November 9, 2009. Archived from the original on May 14, 2012. Retrieved November 9, 2009. 
^ Crecente, Brian. "Confirmed: EA Closes Pandemic Studios, Says Brand Will Live On". Archived from the original on November 19, 2009. Retrieved November 17, 2009. 
^ "EA buys Angry Birds publisher Chillingo". LA times. October 20, 2010. Archived from the original on October 23, 2010. Retrieved October 21, 2010. 
^ "Electronic Arts Announces Change in Executive Leadership". Electronic Arts. Archived from the original on March 19, 2013. Retrieved March 18, 2013. 
^ Cutler, Kim-Mai (April 25, 2013). "Here’s EA’s Internal Memo On The Layoffs Today". TechCrunch. AOL. Archived from the original on May 4, 2013. Retrieved May 8, 2013. 
^ Paczkowski, John (May 9, 2013). "EA Reboot Cost 900 Jobs". All Things Digital. Dow Jones. Archived from the original on May 13, 2013. Retrieved May 8, 2013. 
^ Sarker, Samit (May 6, 2013). "EA and Disney sign exclusive deal for rights to Star Wars games". Polygon. Archived from the original on April 27, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ Machkovech, Sam (May 5, 2015). "Respawn has been working on a Star Wars action-adventure game for two years". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on May 5, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ "Andrew Wilson named EA CEO". Gamespot. Archived from the original on October 23, 2013. Retrieved September 18, 2013. 
^ Handrahan, Matthew. "EA is closing two-thirds of its core free-to-play games". gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on May 11, 2015. Retrieved May 10, 2015. 
^ Futter, Mike (June 16, 2015). "EA's Future Includes More Smaller Games Like Unravel". Game Informer. Archived from the original on June 20, 2015. Retrieved June 16, 2015. 
^ Pereira, Chris (December 10, 2015). "EA Launching Its Own Competitive Gaming Division Headed by Peter Moore". GameSpot. Archived from the original on December 13, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Makuch, Eddie (May 17, 2016). "EA Forms New Team to Explore Future Tech, Including Virtual Humans for VR". GameSpot. Archived from the original on May 21, 2016. Retrieved May 18, 2016. 
^ Totilo, Stephen. "The Unexpected Gamer Who Runs EA". Kotaku. Archived from the original on June 24, 2010. 
^ "EDGAR Online via Yahoo! Finance, Electronic Arts FY 2008 10K Filing". Yahoo.brand.edgar-online.com. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b "EA restructuring corporate positions, Patrick Söderlund to take over as head of EA Sports". VG247.com. Archived from the original on November 3, 2013. 
^ "The Sims Boss Lucy Bradshaw Leaves EA After 23 Years". GameSpot. Archived from the original on September 25, 2015. Retrieved May 19, 2016. 
^ Hall, Charlie (June 10, 2017). "SEED is a stealthy, high-tech incubator inside EA". Polygon. Archived from the original on June 10, 2017. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ Davidson, John (June 10, 2017). "EA Boss Andrew Wilson's Vision of Gaming's Future Will Blow Your Mind". Glixel. Archived from the original on June 12, 2017. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ Kerr, Chris (June 12, 2017). "EA opens 'SEED' game tech research division". Gamasutra. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ "1995: The Calm Before the Storm?". Next Generation. Imagine Media (13): 38. January 1996. 
^ Davis, Ian (September 27, 2013). "Exclusive: EA Shutters North Carolina Studio". The Escapist. Archived from the original on December 6, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Futter, Mike (November 4, 2014). "EA Terminates Development Of MOBA Dawngate, Service Ends In 90 Days". Game Informer. Archived from the original on October 8, 2016. 
^ "EA Partners signs new Insomniac game | Games Industry | MCV". Mcvuk.com. May 25, 2010. Archived from the original on May 11, 2011. Retrieved March 19, 2011. 
^ "Funcom and Electronic Arts to co-publish ‘The Secret World’ MMO – The Secret World Official Forums". Darkdemonscrygaia.com. January 10, 2011. Archived from the original on May 11, 2011. Retrieved March 19, 2011. 
^ Fahey, Mike (June 12, 2016). "EA Originals Gives Big Support To Small Games". Kotaku. Archived from the original on June 12, 2016. Retrieved June 12, 2016. 
^ Ashcraft, Brian (January 8, 2008). "2008 Tech Emmy Winners". Kotaku. Archived from the original on September 29, 2012. Retrieved August 30, 2012. In 2008, Pinball Construction Set was awarded at the 59th Annual Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards for User Generated Content/Game Modification 
^ Massey, Dana (October 11, 2005). ""The Conquest of Origin", page 2". Escapistmagazine.com. Archived from the original on February 12, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Many believe Ultima IX was unfairly maligned because of rushed development schedule". Pc.gamespy.com. May 7, 2004. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Ultima VIII received poorly by fans". Gamefaqs.com. Archived from the original on June 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Ultima IX received poorly by fans". Gamefaqs.com. Archived from the original on April 18, 2010. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Thorsen, Tor (July 15, 2008). "E3 2008: Video Q&A: Carmack on 'one-game' id-EA deal". GameSpot. CBS Interactive. Archived from the original on August 15, 2011. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Zealot, Funky (February 25, 2004). "EA to Shut Down Origin Systems". GamePro. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Matei, Robert (October 17, 2006). "EA Closes Down Warrington Studio – Another development studio shut down". Softpedia. Archived from the original on June 9, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Sinclair, Brendan (October 6, 2006). "EA shuts down DICE Canada". GameSpot. Archived from the original on March 29, 2014. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Nutt, Christian (January 26, 2005). "Layoffs and Restructuring at EA LA". 1UP.com. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Electronic Arts buys stake in Ubisoft in "hostile" act". Gamespot. Archived from the original on January 17, 2016. 
^ Miller, Ross (May 29, 2007). "Ubisoft president 'still considering' EA acquisition". Joystiq. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Makuch, Eddie (July 16, 2010). "Electronic Arts sells its stake in Ubisoft". GameSpot. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Electronic Arts Sells 15% Stake In France's Ubisoft". The Glass Garden. July 16, 2010. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "The original ea_spouse blog entry". LiveJournal. Archived from the original on February 15, 2016. 
^ Feldman, Curt (November 11, 2004). "Employees readying class-action lawsuit against EA". Gamespot.com. Archived from the original on November 13, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Programmers Win EA Overtime Settlement, EA_Spouse Revealed". Gamasutra.com. Archived from the original on April 29, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "'Big corporation' does a turnaround". Archived from the original on July 23, 2012. Retrieved August 29, 2012. 
^ "'EA_Spouse' Hoffman: Quality Of Life Still Issue, Despite EA Improvement". Gamasutra.com. May 13, 2008. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Sinclair, Brendan (November 30, 2006). "Analyst: EA brand tarnished". Gamespot.com. Archived from the original on October 18, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Reimer, Jeremy (December 1, 2006). "EA brand "tarnished" according to analyst". Arstechnica.com. Archived from the original on October 20, 2012. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA innovation crawls along at "snail's pace"". Gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on January 22, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA CEO John Riccitiello: More innovation is needed in videogames". Gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on January 22, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "BioWare/Pandemic deal goes through". Archived from the original on September 21, 2012. Retrieved August 29, 2012. 
^ Dietz, Jason. "Metacritic's 3rd Annual Game Publisher Rankings". metacritic.com. Archived from the original on May 8, 2013. 
^ "EA Class-Action Lawsuit: 'Battlefield 4' Bugs And 'BF4' DLC Problems Trigger Suit; Electronic Arts Denies Wrongdoing". Archived from the original on December 23, 2013. 
^ "Anti-trust lawsuit over exclusive license contracts" (PDF). Archived (PDF) from the original on May 10, 2011. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ Kuchera, Ben (June 12, 2008). "Lawsuit flags EA for illegal procedure on football monopoly". Arstechnica. Archived from the original on October 1, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Kravets, David (January 6, 2015). "NFL players win appeals court ruling in EA Madden NFL flap". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on July 10, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ Kravets, David (March 21, 2016). "Supreme Court punts in 1st Amendment Madden NFL legal fight". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on July 7, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ Kravets, David (June 28, 2016). "EA punts, gives $600k to former football star in Madden NFL rights flap". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on June 28, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ "EA Sports settles suits, thousands of players eligible for money". Archived from the original on September 27, 2013. 
^ Eder, Steve (September 26, 2013). "E.A. Sports Settles Lawsuit With College Athletes". The New York Times. Archived from the original on February 19, 2017. 
^ Rovell, Darren (September 28, 2013). "Players to receive $40 million". ESPN. Archived from the original on July 21, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ "Copyright row dogs Spore release". BBC News. September 10, 2008. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Spore's Piracy Problem". Forbes. September 12, 2008. Archived from the original on November 7, 2008. Retrieved November 18, 2008. 
^ Ernesto (September 13, 2008). "Spore: Most Pirated Game Ever Thanks to DRM". TorrentFreak. Archived from the original on September 15, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "EA Sticking With SecuROM (Though Red Alert 3's Will Go A Little Easier On You)". Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "A copy of the Spore complaint filed" (PDF). CourtHouseNews.com. Archived (PDF) from the original on January 17, 2016. 
^ Faylor, Chris (September 24, 2008). "Spore DRM Prompts $5M Class Action Lawsuit". ShackNews. Archived from the original on September 25, 2008. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ Fahey, Mike (September 24, 2008). "Class Action Lawsuit Arises Over Spore DRM". Kotaku. Archived from the original on September 27, 2008. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ "Spore Creature Creator Demo prompts class action". Archived from the original on December 10, 2008. 
^ "EA Releases DRM License Deactivation Tool". slashdot.org. March 31, 2009. Archived from the original on April 21, 2009. Retrieved April 3, 2009. 
^ "EA's new motto: please pirate our games... er, storefronts". Ars Technica. June 24, 2009. Archived from the original on June 25, 2009. Retrieved June 25, 2009. 
^ "We are the SimCity dev team from Maxis. AMAA!". Maxis. Archived from the original on December 18, 2012. Retrieved December 24, 2012. 
^ "Cloud Computing is Why the New SimCity Needs an Always-On Connection, Studio Says". Kotaku. December 26, 2012. Archived from the original on December 30, 2012. Retrieved December 27, 2012. 
^ Pigna, Kris (June 13, 2009). "EA's Fake Dante's Inferno Protest Spurs Real Christian Backlash". 1UP.com. [permanent dead link]
^ Benedetti, Winda. "Your Mama Plays 'Dead Space 2'". Archived from the original on January 25, 2011. 
^ Glen M. "Shame on EA". Archived from the original on January 26, 2011. 
^ Tilley, Steve. "Dead Space 2 overcomes familiarity factor". Archived from the original on February 1, 2011. 
^ Tassi, Paul (January 24, 2011). "EA Using Mom’s Disapproval to Sell Dead Space 2". Forbes. Archived from the original on February 2, 2011. 
^ Williams, Mary Elizabeth. ""Dead Space 2": Your mom doesn't want you to play this video game". Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "Essential Facts About The Computer And Video Game Industry" (PDF). Entertainment Software Association. Archived (PDF) from the original on November 26, 2015. 
^ Electronic Arts. "Electronic Arts: Can a Computer Make You Cry?". Archived from the original on July 18, 2010. 
^ Extra Credits. "Extra Credits: An Open Letter to EA Marketing". Archived from the original on January 4, 2012. 
^ Hornshaw, Phil (March 9, 2012). "Player Starts Poll Asking BioWare for New Mass Effect 3 Ending". GameFront. Archived from the original on March 13, 2012. Retrieved March 10, 2012. 
^ Sterling, Jim (March 10, 2012). "Mass Effect 3 fans petition BioWare to change the ending". Destructoid. Archived from the original on March 14, 2012. Retrieved March 10, 2012. 
^ Langshaw, Mark (March 11, 2012). "'Mass Effect 3' fans campaign to change ending". Digital Spy. Archived from the original on March 16, 2012. Retrieved March 11, 2012. 
^ Molina, Brett (March 19, 2012). "BioWare: No decision yet on 'Mass Effect 3' ending". USA Today. Archived from the original on March 21, 2012. Retrieved March 19, 2012. 
^ Gregory, Jon (March 17, 2012). "Mass Effect 3 Ending Fighter Goes To The FTC - News". www.GameInformer.com. Archived from the original on April 19, 2012. Retrieved April 22, 2012. 
^ "Better Business Bureau Says BioWare Falsely Advertised Mass Effect 3 - Softpedia". Softpedia. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. Retrieved April 13, 2012. 
^ "Mass Effect 3 falsely advertised, says BBB - GameSpot.com". GameSpot. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. Retrieved April 13, 2012. 
^ "BioWare and EA cleared of ME3 advertising kerfuffle". ScrewAttack.com. Retrieved August 15, 2012. 
^ Lemon, Marshall (November 13, 2015). "EA Rep May Have Influenced Reddit Mods To Censor Battlefront Critics". The Escapist. Archived from the original on November 17, 2015. 
^ Farokhmanesh, Megan (November 26, 2014). "EA scores top marks for LGBT equability in the workplace". Polygon. Archived from the original on January 5, 2016. 
^ a b "BioWare writer received death threats to family". Metro. August 16, 2013. Archived from the original on February 20, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Crecente, Brian (August 15, 2013). "Plague of game dev harassment erodes industry, spurs support groups". Polygon. Archived from the original on November 30, 2015. 
^ Fahey, Mike (March 24, 2011). "Dragon Age II Writer Eloquently Defends The Game's Sexuality Balance". Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b c Griffiths, Daniel Nye (February 21, 2012). "The Changing Face of Games: Feeling Angry and Ignored, Fans Look for Someone to Blame". Forbes. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Polo, Susana (February 20, 2012). "Inclusion: What Jennifer Hepler’s Story is All About". Archived from the original on February 21, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Chalk, Andy (January 27, 2012). "Family Research Council Warns of Gay Relationships in The Old Republic". The Escapist. Archived from the original on March 11, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Serrels, Mark (April 11, 2012). "Star Wars: The Old Republic Petition Attacked By Hackers, Temporarily Shut Down". Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Hamilton, Mary (January 25, 2013). "Star Wars: The Old Republic, the gay planet and the problem of the straight male gaze". The Guardian. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Morran, Chris (April 4, 2012). "The Voters Have Spoken: EA Is Your Worst Company In America For 2012!". Consumerist. Archived from the original on August 7, 2012. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ a b Gaudiosi, John (April 7, 2012). "Electronic Arts Named Worst Company in America". The Hollywood Reporter. Archived from the original on May 11, 2012. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (April 8, 2012). "EA, named America's worst company, tries to make amends". CNET. CBS Interactive. Archived from the original on February 21, 2014. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Tiffany (April 4, 2012). "Electronic Arts: 'Worst company in America'? Consumerist says yes". Los Angeles Times. Archived from the original on October 27, 2012. 
^ Brightman, James (April 4, 2012). "EA responds to "worst company" label from Consumerist". gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on October 24, 2013. Retrieved July 9, 2013. 
^ Kain, Erik (April 4, 2012). "EA Responds To 'Worst Company' Award By Mentioning Past Winners". Forbes. Archived from the original on July 20, 2013. Retrieved July 9, 2013. 
^ Morran, Chris (April 9, 2013). "EA Makes Worst Company In America History, Wins Title For Second Year In A Row!". Consumerist. Archived from the original on November 9, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ a b Takahashi, Dean. "EA exec Frank Gibeau: Betting on next-gen consoles, mobile, and doing right by consumers (interview)". VentureBeat. Archived from the original on July 28, 2013. 
^ Webster, Andrew (September 30, 2013). "EA steers angry customers away from reviewing games at Google Play". The Verge. Archived from the original on February 10, 2014. Retrieved February 11, 2014. 
^ Owen, Phil (June 29, 2014). "EA CEO Wilson: Dungeon Keeper Mobile Was 'A Shame'". Kotaku. Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 27, 2015. Retrieved March 18, 2015. 
^ Yin-Poole, Wesley (July 2, 2014). "UK watchdog bans Dungeon Keeper ad, accuses EA of "misleading" customers". Eurogamer. Archived from the original on January 9, 2015. Retrieved January 8, 2015. 
^ Davis, Ian (July 9, 2014). "EA: Dungeon Keeper Failed by "Innovating Too Much"". Escapist. Escapist Magazine. Archived from the original on April 2, 2015. Retrieved March 18, 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Sinclair, Brendan (January 4, 2006). "Innovation: does size matter?". GameSpot. CBS Interactive. 
ea_spouse (November 10, 2004). "EA: The Human Story". LiveJournal. Archived from the original on February 15, 2016. 
Becker, David (March 8, 2005). "Game makers see workplace changes". CNET. CBS Interactive. 
Totilo, Stephen (September 12, 2006). "What's The 'Coolest Job Ever'? Electronic Arts' Summer Interns Tell Their Story". MTV. Viacom International. 
Deck, Stewart (December 19, 2000). "Six Degrees of Hire Learning". ITworld. IDG Communications. 
Varney, Allen (October 11, 2005). "The Conquest of Origin". The Escapist. Defy Media. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Electronic Arts.



Official website



Business data for Electronic Arts, Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Electronic Arts



Employees





Founder




Trip Hawkins






Current




Larry Probst (Executive Chairman)
Andrew Wilson (CEO)
Patrick Söderlund (EVP)
Will Wright
Joe Ybarra






Former




Bing Gordon
Don Mattrick
Jeff Green
Ralph Guggenheim
Robin Hunicke
Greg Kasavin
Peter Moore
John Riccitiello











Subsidiaries





Current




BioWare
Criterion Games
EA Canada
EA DICE

DICE Los Angeles


EA Mobile
EA Montreal
EA Salt Lake
EA Singapore
EA Sports
EA Tiburon
European Integration Studio
Firemonkeys Studios
Ghost Games
Maxis
Motive Studios
PopCap Games
The Sims Studio
Visceral Games






Defunct




Bullfrog Productions
Danger Close Games
EA Black Box
EA Bright Light
EA Chicago
EA Phenomic
EA UK
Kesmai
Mythic Entertainment
Origin Systems
Pandemic Studios
Playfish
Victory Games
Westwood Studios








Franchises



Army of Two
Battlefield
Bejeweled
Burnout
Command & Conquer
Crysis
Dead Space
Dragon Age
FIFA
Madden NFL
Mass Effect
Medal of Honor
Mirror's Edge
NBA Live
NCAA Football
Need for Speed
NHL
Plants vs. Zombies
Rock Band
SimCity
Skate
Star Wars: Battlefront
Spore
SSX
The Sims
Ultima
Wing Commander





Related



EA Access
Origin
Pogo.com
RenderWare
Frostbite
Ignite
List of acquisitions by Electronic Arts
List of Electronic Arts games






Category










v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecommunications Corporation

China Telecom


China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Sim video games



SimCity series





Main games




SimCity (1989)
SimCity 2000
SimCity 3000
SimCity 4

Rush Hour


SimCity (2013)






Other games




64
DS
Societies
Snap City
DS 2
Creator
Social








The Sims series





Main games




The Sims
The Sims 2
The Sims 3
The Sims 4






Other games




Online
Bustin' Out
The Urbz
Life Stories
Pet Stories
Castaway Stories
Medieval

Pirates and Nobles


Social
FreePlay






MySims




MySims
Kingdom
Party
Racing
Agents
SkyHeroes








Spore





Expansions




Galactic Adventures






Spin-offs




Creature Creator
Creatures
Origins
Hero
Hero Arena
Darkspore






Other




Development








Sim



SimEarth
SimAnt
SimLife
SimFarm
SimRefinery
SimTower
SimHealth
SimIsle
SimTown
SimPark
SimGolf
SimTunes
Sim Theme Park
SimCopter
Streets of SimCity
SimSafari
SimCoaster
Sid Meier's SimGolf
SimMars (cancelled)
SimAnimals





Related articles



Simlish
Electronic Arts
Maxis
Will Wright
Lincity
Yoot Tower
The Tower SP
BeyondSims






 Category







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137191582
LCCN: n93043443
ISNI: 0000 0001 2291 0054
GND: 2149193-8
SUDOC: 086228811
BNF: cb140318401 (data)
BNE: XX132366










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Electronic_Arts&oldid=790722573"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQ1982 establishments in CaliforniaAcademy of Interactive Arts & Sciences membersCompanies based in Redwood City, CaliforniaElectronic ArtsEntertainment companies based in CaliforniaEntertainment companies established in 1982Entertainment Software AssociationInternational Game Developers Association membersMac software companiesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesSoftware companies based in the San Francisco Bay AreaVideo game companies based in CaliforniaVideo game companies established in 1982Video game companies of the United StatesVideo game development companiesVideo game publishersWargame companiesHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles that may be too long from February 2017Use mdy dates from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2016Articles with unsourced statements from August 2007Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתქართულიLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиBahasa MelayuМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 15 July 2017, at 17:35.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Electronic Arts - Wikipedia






















 






Electronic Arts

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"EA" redirects here. For other uses, see EA (disambiguation).





This article may be too long to read and navigate comfortably. Please consider splitting content into sub-articles, condensing it, or adding or removing subheadings. (February 2017)



Electronic Arts Inc.





The EA headquarters building at Redwood City, California in May 2011.




Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: EA
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Video game industry


Founded
May 27, 1982; 35 years ago (1982-05-27) in San Mateo, California, U.S.


Founder
Trip Hawkins


Headquarters
Redwood City, California, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Larry Probst (Chairman)
Andrew Wilson (CEO)





Products
Army of Two series
Battlefield series
Burnout series
Command & Conquer series
Crysis series
Dead Space series
Dragon Age series
FIFA series
Fight Night series
Madden NFL series
Mass Effect series
Medal of Honor series
NBA Live series
NCAA Football series
Need for Speed series
NHL series
Plants vs. Zombies series
Rock Band series
SimCity series
The Simpsons series
The Sims series
Skate series
SSX series
Star Wars series


Revenue
 US$4.396 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$898 million (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$1.156 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$7.050 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$3.396 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

8,500 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
List of Electronic Arts subsidiaries
BioWare
Criterion Games
EA Canada
EA Digital Illusions CE
EA Mobile
EA Montreal
EA Tiburon
Firemonkeys Studios
Ghost Games
Maxis
Motive Studios
PopCap Games
The Sims Studio
Visceral Games


Website
ea.com


Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) is an American video game company headquartered in Redwood City, California. Founded and incorporated on May 28, 1982 by Trip Hawkins, the company was a pioneer of the early home computer games industry and was notable for promoting the designers and programmers responsible for its games. As of 2014, Electronic Arts was the world's fourth-largest gaming company by revenue after Tencent, Sony and Microsoft [2] The company sparked controversies over its advertising efforts, and acquisition of other studios.
Currently, EA develops and publishes games under several labels including EA Sports titles FIFA, Madden NFL, NHL, NCAA Football, NBA Live, and SSX. Other EA labels produce established franchises such as Battlefield, Need for Speed, The Sims, Medal of Honor, Command & Conquer, as well as newer franchises such as Crysis, Dead Space, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, Army of Two, Titanfall and Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, produced in partnership with LucasArts.[3] EA also owns and operates major gaming studios, EA Tiburon in Orlando, EA Canada in Burnaby, BioWare in Edmonton as well as Montreal, and DICE in Sweden.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1982–2000 - The Beginning
1.2 2000–2007
1.3 2007–2013
1.4 2013–present


2 Electronic Arts company structure

2.1 EA Games
2.2 EA Sports
2.3 EA Maxis
2.4 EA All Play
2.5 SEED


3 Owned studios and partnership companies

3.1 Current
3.2 Defunct
3.3 EA Partners program
3.4 EA Originals program


4 Games by Electronic Arts

4.1 Upcoming titles


5 Controversies

5.1 Studio acquisition and management practices
5.2 Treatment of employees
5.3 Game quality
5.4 Sports licensing and exclusivity
5.5 EULA and DRM
5.6 Advertising
5.7 LGBT controversies
5.8 The Consumerist rating as "Worst Company in America"
5.9 Dungeon Keeper Mobile app store vote manipulation


6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



History[edit]
The company began developing games in-house and supported consoles by the early 1990s. EA later grew via acquisition of several successful developers. By the early 2000s, EA had become one of the world's largest third-party publishers. On May 4, 2011, EA reported $3.8 billion in revenues for the fiscal year ending March 2011, and on January 13, 2012, EA announced that it had exceeded $1 billion in digital revenue during the previous calendar year.[5] In a note to employees, EA CEO John Riccitiello called this "an incredibly important milestone" for the company.[6] EA began to move toward direct distribution of digital games and services with the acquisition of the popular online gaming site Pogo.com in 2001.[7] In 2009, EA acquired the London-based social gaming startup Playfish,[8] and in June 2011, EA launched Origin, an online service to sell downloadable games directly to consumers.[9] There is also a "On The House" feature in Origin that lets you download full versions of EA games for free, it is updated regularly. In July 2011, EA announced that it had acquired PopCap Games, the company behind hits such as Plants vs. Zombies and Bejeweled.[10]
EA continued its shift toward digital goods in 2012, folding its mobile-focused EA Interactive (EAi) division "into other organizations throughout the company, specifically those divisions led by EA Labels president Frank Gibeau, COO Peter Moore, and CTO Rajat Taneja, and EVP of digital Kristian Segerstrale."[11]
1982–2000 - The Beginning[edit]




Founder of EA Trip Hawkins.


In February 1982, Trip Hawkins arranged a meeting with Don Valentine of Sequoia Capital[12] to discuss financing his new venture, Amazin' Software. Valentine encouraged Hawkins to leave Apple Inc., where Hawkins served as Director of Product Marketing, and allowed Hawkins use of Sequoia Capital's spare office space to start the company. On May 28, 1982, Trip Hawkins incorporated and established the company with a personal investment of an estimated US$200,000. The company was not named Amazin' Software, but instead Electronic Arts. Seven months later in December 1982, Hawkins secured US$2 million of venture capital from Sequoia Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, and Sevin Rosen Funds.




Electronic Arts' original corporate logo, 1982–2000.


For more than seven months, Hawkins refined his Electronic Arts business plan. With aid from his first employee (with whom he worked in marketing at Apple), Rich Melmon, the original plan was written, mostly by Hawkins, on an Apple II in Sequoia Capital's office in August 1982. During that time, Hawkins also employed two of his former staff from Apple, Dave Evans and Pat Marriott, as producers, and a Stanford MBA classmate, Jeff Burton from Atari for international business development. The business plan was again refined in September and reissued on October 8, 1982. By November, employee headcount rose to 11, including Tim Mott, Bing Gordon, David Maynard, and Steve Hayes.[13][14] Having outgrown the office space provided by Sequoia Capital, the company relocated to a San Mateo office that overlooked the San Francisco Airport landing path. Headcount rose rapidly in 1983, including Don Daglow, Richard Hilleman, Stewart Bonn, David Gardner, and Nancy Fong.
He recruited his original employees from Apple, Atari, Xerox PARC, and VisiCorp, and got Steve Wozniak to agree to sit on the board of directors.[15]
Hawkins was determined to sell directly to buyers. Combined with the fact that Hawkins was pioneering new game brands, this made sales growth more challenging. Retailers wanted to buy known brands from existing distribution partners. After more flyers were handed out, former CEO Larry Probst arrived as VP of Sales in late 1984 and helped the company sustain growth into US$18 million in its third full year.[citation needed] This policy of dealing directly with retailers gave EA higher margins and better market awareness, key advantages the company would leverage to leapfrog its early competitors.[16]
In December 1986, David Gardner and Mark Lewkaspais moved to the UK to open a European headquarters. Up until that point publishing of Electronic Arts Games, and the conversion of many of their games to compact cassette versions in Europe was handled by Ariolasoft.
Most of the early employees of the company disliked the Amazin' Software name that Hawkins had originally chosen when he incorporated the company.[13] While at Apple, Hawkins had enjoyed company offsite meetings at Pajaro Dunes and organized such a planning offsite for EA in October 1982.
Hawkins had developed the ideas of treating software as an art form and calling the developers, "software artists". Hence, the latest version of the business plan had suggested the name "SoftArt". However, Hawkins and Melmon knew the founders of Software Arts, the creators of VisiCalc, and thought their permission should be obtained. Dan Bricklin did not want the name used because it sounded too similar (perhaps "confusingly similar") to Software Arts. However, the name concept was liked by all the attendees. Hawkins had also recently read a best-selling book about the film studio, United Artists, and liked the reputation that the company had created. Early advisers Andy Berlin, Jeff Goodby, and Rich Silverstein (who would soon form their own ad agency Goodby, Silverstein & Partners) were also fans of that approach, and the discussion was led by Hawkins and Berlin. Hawkins said everyone had a vote but they would lose it if they went to sleep.[citation needed]
Hawkins liked the word "electronic", and various employees had considered the phrases "Electronic Artists" and "Electronic Arts". Other candidates included Gordon's suggestion of "Blue Light", a reference from the Disney film Tron.[citation needed] When Gordon and others pushed for "Electronic Artists", in tribute to the film company United Artists, Steve Hayes opposed, saying, "We're not the artists, they are..." meaning that the developers whose games EA would publish were the artists. This statement from Hayes immediately tilted sentiment towards Electronic Arts and the name was unanimously endorsed.[citation needed]
A novel approach to giving credit to its developers was one of EA's trademarks in its early days. This characterization was even further reinforced with EA's packaging of most of their games in the "album cover" pioneered by EA because Hawkins thought that a record album style would both save costs and convey an artistic feeling.[17] EA routinely referred to their developers as "artists" and gave them photo credits in their games and numerous full-page magazine ads. Their first such ad, accompanied by the slogan "We see farther," was the first video game advertisement to feature software designers.[16] EA also shared lavish profits with their developers, which added to their industry appeal. The square "album cover" boxes (such as the covers for 1983's M.U.L.E. and Pinball Construction Set) were a popular packaging concept by Electronic Arts, which wanted to represent their developers as "rock stars".[17]
In the mid-1980s Electronic Arts aggressively marketed products for the Commodore Amiga, a premier home computer of the late 1980s and early 1990s in Europe. Commodore had given EA development tools and prototype machines before Amiga's actual launch. For Amiga EA published some notable non-game titles. A drawing program Deluxe Paint (1985) and its subsequent versions became perhaps the most famous piece of software available for Amiga platform.[18] Other Amiga programs released by EA included Deluxe Music Construction Set, Deluxe Paint Animation and Instant Music. Some of them, most notably Deluxe Paint, were ported to other platforms. For Macintosh EA released a black & white animation tool called Studio/1, and a series of Paint titles called Studio/8 and Studio/32 (1990).
In 1988 EA published a flight simulator game exclusively for Amiga, F/A-18 Interceptor, which received attention due to its vector graphics that were notable for 1988 standards. Another significant Amiga release (also initially available for Atari ST, later converted for numerous other platforms) was Populous (1989) developed by Bullfrog Productions. It was a pioneering and influential title in the genre that was later called "god games".
In 1990, Electronic Arts began producing console games for the Nintendo Entertainment System, after previously licensing its computer games to other console-game publishers.[19] Eventually, Trip Hawkins left EA to found the now defunct 3DO Company.
In 1995 Electronic Arts won the European Computer Trade Show award for best software publisher of the year.[20]
2000–2007[edit]




Headquarters of EA in October 2007.


EA is headquartered in the Redwood Shores neighborhood of Redwood City, California.[21] Following the retirement and departure of Trip Hawkins in 2000, EA decided to replace its logo with a new one, and Larry Probst took over the reins.
In 2004, EA made a multimillion-dollar donation to fund the development of game production curriculum at the University of Southern California's Interactive Media Division. On February 1, 2006, Electronic Arts announced that it would cut worldwide staff by 5 percent.[22] On June 20, 2006 EA purchased Mythic Entertainment, who are finished making Warhammer Online.[23]
After Sega's ESPN NFL 2K5 successfully grabbed market share away from EA's dominant Madden NFL series during the 2004 holiday season, EA responded by making several large sports licensing deals which include an exclusive agreement with the NFL, and in January 2005, a 15-year deal with ESPN.[24] The ESPN deal gave EA exclusive first rights to all ESPN content for sports simulation games. On April 11, 2005, EA announced a similar, 6-year licensing deal with the Collegiate Licensing Company (CLC) for exclusive rights to college football content.[25]
Much of EA's success, both in terms of sales and with regards to its stock market valuation, is due to its strategy of platform-agnostic development and the creation of strong multi-year franchises. EA was the first publisher to release yearly updates of its sports franchises—Madden, FIFA, NHL, NBA Live, Tiger Woods, etc.—with updated player rosters and small graphical and gameplay tweaks.[26] Recognizing the risk of franchise fatigue among consumers, EA announced in 2006 that it would concentrate more of its effort on creating new original intellectual property.[27]
In September 2006, Nokia and EA announced a partnership in which EA becomes an exclusive major supplier of mobile games to Nokia mobile devices through the Nokia Content Discoverer. In the beginning, Nokia customers were able to download seven EA titles (Tetris, Tetris Mania, The Sims 2, Doom, FIFA 06, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 06 and FIFA Street 2) on the holiday season in 2006. Rick Simonson is the executive vice president and director of Nokia and starting from 2006 is affiliated with John Riccitiello and are partners.[28]
2007–2013[edit]
In February 2007, Probst stepped down from the CEO job while remaining on the Board of Directors. His handpicked successor is John Riccitiello, who had worked at EA for several years previously, departed for a while, and then returned.[29] Riccitiello previously worked for Elevation Partners, Sara Lee and PepsiCo. In June 2007, new CEO John Riccitiello announced that EA would reorganize itself into four labels, each with responsibility for its own product development and publishing (the city-state model). The goal of the reorganization was to empower the labels to operate more autonomously, streamline decision-making, increase creativity and quality, and get games into the market faster.[30] This reorganization came after years of consolidation and acquisition by EA of smaller studios, which some in the industry blamed for a decrease in quality of EA titles. In 2008, at the DICE Summit, Riccitiello called the earlier approach of "buy and assimilate" a mistake, often stripping smaller studios of its creative talent. Riccitiello said that the city-state model allows independent developers to remain autonomous to a large extent, and cited Maxis and BioWare as examples of studios thriving under the new structure.[31][32]
Also, in 2007, EA announced that it would be bringing some of its major titles to the Macintosh. EA has released Battlefield 2142, Command & Conquer: Tiberium Wars, Crysis, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Madden NFL 08, Need for Speed: Carbon and Spore for the Mac. All of the new games have been developed for the Macintosh using Cider, a technology developed by TransGaming that enables Intel-based Macs to run Windows games inside a translation layer running on Mac OS X. They are not playable on PowerPC-based Macs.[33]
In October 2007, EA purchased Super Computer International, a long-standing industry provider of game server hosting for development studios, who were currently developing the new Playlinc software. A week later they then purchased VG Holding Corp, the parent company of BioWare and Pandemic Studios.
It was revealed in February 2008 that Electronic Arts had made a takeover bid for rival game company Take-Two Interactive. After its initial offer of US$25 per share, all cash stock transaction offer was rejected by the Take-Two board, EA revised it to US$26 per share, a 64% premium over the previous day's closing price and made the offer known to the public.[34] Rumours had been floating around the Internet prior to the offer about Take-Two possibly being bought over by a bigger company, albeit with Viacom as the potential bidder.[35][36] In May 2008, EA announced that it will purchase the assets of Hands-On Mobile Korea, a South Korean mobile game developer and publisher. The company will become EA Mobile Korea.[37] In September 2008, EA dropped its buyout offer of Take-Two. No reason was given.[38]
As of November 6, 2008 it was confirmed that Electronic Arts is closing their Casual Label & merging it with their Hasbro partnership with The Sims Label.[39] EA also confirmed the departure of Kathy Vrabeck, who was given the position as former president of the EA Casual Division in May 2007. EA made this statement about the merger: "We've learned a lot about casual entertainment in the past two years, and found that casual gaming defies a single genre and demographic. With the retirement and departure of Kathy Vrabeck, EA is reorganizing to integrate casual games—development and marketing—into other divisions of our business. We are merging our Casual Studios, Hasbro partnership, and Casual marketing organization with The Sims Label to be a new Sims and Casual Label, where there is a deep compatibility in the product design, marketing and demographics. [...] In the days and weeks ahead, we will make further announcements on the reporting structure for the other businesses in the Casual Label including EA Mobile, Pogo, Media Sales and Online Casual Initiatives. Those businesses remain growth priorities for EA and deserve strong support in a group that will compliment their objectives."[40] This statement comes a week after EA announced it was laying off 6% about 600 of their staff positions and had a US$310 million net loss for the quarter.[41]
Due to the 2008 Economic Crisis, Electronic Arts had a poorer than expected 2008 holiday season, moving it in February 2009 to cut approximately 1100 jobs, which it said represented about 11% of its workforce. It also closed 12 of their facilities. Riccitiello, in a conference call with reporters, stated that their poor performance in the fourth quarter was not due entirely to the poor economy, but also to the fact that they did not release any blockbuster titles in the quarter. In the quarter ending December 31, 2008, the company lost US$641 million. As of early May 2009, the subsidiary studio EA Redwood Shores was known as Visceral Games.[42][43] On June 24, 2009, EA announced it will merge two of its development studios, BioWare and Mythic into one single role-playing video game and MMO development powerhouse. The move will actually place Mythic under control of BioWare as Ray Muzyka and Greg Zeschuk will be in direct control of the new entity.[44] By fall 2012, both Muzyka and Zeschuk had chosen to depart the merged entity in a joint retirement announcement.[45][46][47]
On November 9, 2009, EA announced its acquisition of social casual games developer Playfish for US$275 million.[48] On the same day, the company announced layoffs of 1500 employees, representing 17% of its workforce, across a number of studios including EA Tiburon, Visceral Games, Mythic and EA Black Box. Also affected were "projects and support activities" that, according to Chief Financial Officer Eric Brown "don't make economic sense",[49] resulting in the shutdown of popular communities such as Battlefield News at the Wayback Machine (archived January 12, 2006) and the EA Community Team at the Wayback Machine (archived February 5, 2009). These layoffs also led to the complete shutdown of Pandemic Studios.[50]

"Chillingo" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Chilango.
In October 2010, EA announced the acquisition of UK based iPhone and iPad games publisher Chillingo for US$20 million in cash. Chillingo published the popular Angry Birds for iOS and Cut the Rope for all platforms, but the deal did not include those properties,[51] so Cut the Rope became published by ZeptoLab, and Angry Birds became published by Rovio Entertainment.
2013–present[edit]
On March 18, 2013, John Riccitello announced that he would be stepping down as CEO and a member of the Board of Directors on March 30, 2013. Larry Probst was also appointed executive chairman on the same day.[52]
In April 2013, EA announced a reorganization which was to include dismissal of 10% of their workforce, consolidation of marketing functions which were distributed among the five label organizations, and subsumption of Origin operational leadership under the President of Labels.[53][54] In May 2013, EA announced that they had partnered with Disney to release Star Wars games from 2013 to 2023 exclusively. EA's subsidiaries including BioWare, DICE, Visceral Games, Motive Studios, Capital Games and external developer Respawn Entertainment, were responsible in creating new video games set in the Star Wars universe.[55][56] Andrew Wilson was appointed the CEO of EA.[57] In April 2015, EA announced that it would be shutting down various free-to-play games in July of that year, including Battlefield Heroes, Battlefield Play4Free, Need for Speed: World, and FIFA World.[58]
During E3 2015, vice president of the company, Patrick Söderlund, announced that the company will start investing more on smaller titles such as Unravel so as to broaden the company's portfolio.[59] On December 10, 2015, EA announced a new division called Competitive Gaming Division, which focuses on creating competitive game experience and organizing ESports events. It was once headed by Peter Moore.[60]
In May 2016, Electronic Arts announced that they had formed a new internal division called Frostbite Labs. The new department specializes in creating new projects for virtual reality platforms, and "virtual humans". The new department is located in Stockholm and Vancouver.[61]
Electronic Arts company structure[edit]
EA is headed by chairman Larry Probst and CEO Andrew Wilson. Many have attributed former CEO John Riccitiello's success in leading EA to his passion as a gamer.[62] Electronic Arts has four main labels (divisions), with numerous studios falling under each one.[63]
EA Games[edit]
Home to the largest number of studio and development teams, this label is responsible for action-adventure, role playing, racing and combat games, marketed under the EA brand. In addition to traditional packaged-goods games, EA Games also develops massively multiplayer online role-playing games. Led by Patrick Söderlund.[64]

Criterion Games
EA Digital Illusions CE (formerly Digital Illusions Creative Entertainment, DICE)

DICE Los Angeles


Ghost Games
Visceral Games (formerly EA Redwood Shores)
EA BioWare—focuses on creating multiplatform, role-playing, MMO and strategy games. Includes

BioWare Edmonton
BioWare Austin
BioWare Montreal


Motive Studios

EA Sports[edit]
Main article: EA Sports
Publishes all the realistic, casual, and freestyle sports-based titles from EA, including FIFA Football, Madden NFL, Fight Night, NBA Live, NCAA Football, Cricket, NCAA March Madness, Tiger Woods PGA Tour, NHL Hockey, NASCAR and Rugby. Led by Patrick Söderlund.[64]

EA Tiburon (Florida)
EA Canada (Burnaby)

EA Maxis[edit]
Main article: EA Maxis
Known for The Sims series, EA Maxis develops and markets life-simulation games and online communities. The label is headquartered at EA's campus in Redwood Shores. Maxis' original studio in Emeryville was closed in March 2015. The studio now sits under the leadership of the SVP of EA Mobile.[65] The label had previously been renamed EA Play.

Maxis Redwood Shores

The Sims Studio


Maxis Salt Lake
Maxis Melbourne
Maxis Helsinki

EA All Play[edit]
Includes original EA and partner franchises like The Simpsons, Tetris, SCRABBLE, MONOPOLY, World Series of Poker, Real Racing, Ultima, as well as online games for the Pogo.com online service.

PopCap Games
EA Mobile

SEED[edit]
The Search for Extraordinary Experiences Division (SEED) was revealed at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2017 as a technology research division and incubator, using tools like deep learning and neural networks to bring in player experiences and other external factors to help them with developing more immersive narratives and games.[66][67] SEED has offices in Los Angeles and Stockholm.[68]
Owned studios and partnership companies[edit]
Current[edit]

BioWare in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada and Montreal, Quebec, Canada and Austin, Texas and Galway, Ireland founded in February 1995, acquired October 2007 from Elevation Partners.
Chillingo in Macclesfield, United Kingdom
Criterion Games in Guildford, England, founded as Criterion Software in 1993, acquired in August 2004.
EA Baton Rouge (formerly North American Testing Center) in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, opened in September 2008.
EA Canada in Burnaby, British Columbia, started in January 1983.
EA Casual Entertainment
EA China in Shanghai, China
EA Deutschland in Cologne, Germany
EA DICE in Stockholm, Sweden, founded in 1992, acquired in 2005.
EA France in Lyon, France
EIS (European Integration Studio) in Madrid, Spain
EA India, Noida, India
EA Japan, Tokyo, Japan
EA Mobile Japan Studio, Tokyo, Japan
EA Brazil, São Paulo, Brazil
Spearhead in Seoul, South Korea, founded in 1998 as EA Korea.
DICE Los Angeles in Los Angeles, California, founded as DreamWorks Interactive LLC in 1995, acquired in 2000.
EA Romania in Bucharest, Romania, founded as JAMDAT Mobile Romania in 2005, acquired in 2006.
EA Russia in Moscow, Russia, translate in Russian
EA Mobile in Los Angeles, California
EA Montreal in Montreal, Quebec, Canada started in 2004.
EA San Francisco in Embarcadero, San Francisco
EA Salt Lake in Salt Lake City, Utah, founded as Headgate Studios, founded in 1992, acquired December 2006.
EA Singapore in Singapore
EA Sports made up of EA Canada in Burnaby, Canada and EA Tiburon Maitland, Florida, publisher of EA's sports franchise games
EA Tiburon in Maitland, Florida founded as Tiburon Entertainment in 1994, acquired in 1998.
Easy Studios in Stockholm, Sweden. Founded in 2008 developing PC games for EA's new Play4Free series.
Ghost Games in Gothenburg, Sweden, England, UK and Bucharest, Romania, founded as EA Gothenburg in 2011, rebranded in 2012.
Motive Studios in Montreal, Quebec, Canada started in 2015.
PopCap Games in Seattle, Washington acquired in 2011.
The Sims Studio in Redwood City, California founded in 2006.
Uprise (formerly ESN) in Uppsala, Sweden, founded in 2002, acquired in 2012.
Visceral Games in Redwood City, California, also has an office in Shanghai, China; founded as EA Redwood Shores in 1998.
Capital Games in Sacramento, California founded in 2008, specialised in creating mobile games.

Defunct[edit]

Original HQ in San Mateo, California, moved to Redwood City in 1998.
Origin Systems in Austin, Texas founded in 1983, acquired in 1992, closed in 2004.
Bullfrog Productions in Surrey, England, founded in 1987, acquired in 1995,[69] merged with EA UK and effectively closed in 2001.
EA Baltimore in Baltimore, Maryland, established in 1996 as part of Origin, closed in 2000
EA Seattle in Seattle, Washington, founded in 1982 as Manley & Associates, acquired January 29, 1996, closed in 2002
Maxis in Walnut Creek, California, founded in 1987, acquired in June 1997, folded into Redwood Shores (now Visceral Games) in 2004.
Westwood Studios in Las Vegas, Nevada, founded in 1987, acquired from Virgin Interactive Entertainment in August 1998, merged into EA Los Angeles in 2003.
EA Pacific (known for a time as Westwood Pacific) in Irvine, California, formerly part of Virgin Interactive, acquired with Westwood in 1998, closed in 2003
Kesmai (known also as GameStorm), founded in 1981, acquired in 1999, closed in 2001.
DICE Canada in London, Ontario, started in 1998, acquired DICE fully October 2, 2006; closed DICE Canada studio hours later.
EA UK in Chertsey, United Kingdom, moved to EA Bright Light in Guildford.
EA Chicago in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, founded in 1990 as NuFX, acquired in 2004, closed November 6, 2007.
Pandemic Studios in Los Angeles, California and Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, founded in 1998, acquired October 2007 from Elevation Partners, closed November 17, 2009.
EA Bright Light, in Guildford, Surrey, formerly EA UK, closed in 2011.
EA Black Box in Burnaby, Canada, founded in 1998, acquired in 2002, closed on April 2013.
EA Mobile Brazil in São Paulo, Brazil, closed in 2013.
EA Phenomic in Ingelheim, Germany, founded as Phenomic Game Development in 1997, acquired August 2006 and closed down in 2013.
Playfish in London, England, acquired in 2009, closed down in 2013.
Danger Close Games in Los Angeles, founded as DreamWorks Interactive, LLC. in 1995, acquired in 2000, renamed as EA Los Angeles and closed down in 2013.
EA North Carolina in Morrisville, North Carolina, closed in 2013[70]
Victory Games in Los Angeles, California, also has offices in Austin, Texas and Shanghai, China; founded in 2010 and closed down in 2013 as Danger Close.
Mythic Entertainment in Fairfax, Virginia, founded as Interworld Productions in 1995, acquired in June 2006 and closed down in May 2014.
Maxis in Emeryville, California, founded in 1987, acquired in July 1997, and closed down in March 2015.
Waystone was disbanded in November 2014.[71]

EA Partners program[edit]
The EA Partners co-publishing arm is dedicated to publishing and distributing games developed by third-party developers. Notable publishing/distribution agreements include:

Alice: Madness Returns – Spicy Horse
APB – Realtime Worlds
Brütal Legend – Double Fine Productions
Bulletstorm – Epic Games
Crysis series – Crytek
DeathSpank – Hothead Games
Fuse – Insomniac Games[72]
Hellgate: London – Flagship Studios
Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning – 38 Studios, Big Huge Games
Rock Band series – Harmonix and MTV Games
The Secret World – Funcom[73]
Shadows of the Damned – Grasshopper Manufacture
Shank series – Klei Entertainment
Syndicate – Starbreeze Studios
Titanfall series – Respawn Entertainment
Warp – Trapdoor

EA Originals program[edit]
 EA Originals is a program within Electronic Arts to help support independently-developed video games. The program was announced at EA's press event at the 2016 E3 Conference, and builds upon the success they had with Unravel in 2015. The first game to be supported under this program is Fe by Zoink Games, with plans for release in 2017.[74] It will be followed by Sea of Solitude and A Way Out.
Games by Electronic Arts[edit]
Main article: List of Electronic Arts games
Some of the most notable and popular games of video game history have been published by EA, and many of these are listed below. Though EA published these titles, they did not always develop them; some were developed by independent game development studios. EA developed their first internally developed game in 1987.

Pinball Construction Set (1983) by Bill Budge[75]
M.U.L.E. (1983) by Dan Bunten and Ozark Softscape
Archon: The Light and the Dark (1983) by Paul Reiche III and Free Fall Associates
The Bard's Tale (1985) by Interplay Productions
Skate or Die! (1987), EA's first internally developed title
Madden NFL series (1989–present)
Populous (1989) by Bullfrog which EA acquired in 1995
Wing Commander series (1992 onwards, previous games published in-house)
Desert Strike: Return to the Gulf (1992) by EA's High Score Production group
FIFA series (1993–present)
Dungeon Keeper series (titles from 1997 to 1999) by Bullfrog Productions
Ultima Online (1997) by Origin Systems
Command & Conquer series (titles from 1999 to 2013) by Westwood Studios (earlier titles released by Virgin Interactive)
SimCity series (titles from 1999–present) by Maxis (earlier titles released by other publishers)
Medal of Honor series (1999–2012)
Need for Speed series (1994–present)
James Bond series (1999–2005)
American McGee's Alice (2000)
The Sims series (2000–present) by Maxis (2000-2006, 2013–present) and The Sims Studio (2007-2012)
Battlefield series (2002–present) by EA Digital Illusions CE
Crysis series (2007–present) by Crytek
Rock Band series (2007–2010) by Harmonix
Spore series (2008–present) by Maxis
Army of Two series (2008–present) by EA Montreal
Dead Space series (2008–present) by Visceral Games
Mirror's Edge series (2008–present) by EA Digital Illusions CE
Dragon Age series (2009–present) by BioWare
Mass Effect series (starting with the PC release of the first game, the original Xbox 360 version was published by Microsoft) (2008–present)
Dante's Inferno (2010) by Visceral Games
Star Wars: The Old Republic (2011) by BioWare
EA Sports UFC (2014–present) by EA Canada
Star Wars Battlefront (2015) by EA Digital Illusions CE

Upcoming titles[edit]

Madden NFL 18 (PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
FIFA 18 (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One)
NBA Live 18 (PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Star Wars Battlefront II (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Need for Speed Payback (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
A Way Out (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Anthem (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Fe (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Sea of Solitude (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)

Controversies[edit]
Studio acquisition and management practices[edit]
See also: List of acquisitions by Electronic Arts
During its period of fastest growth, EA was often criticized for buying smaller development studios primarily for their intellectual property assets, and then producing drastically changed games of their franchises. For example, Origin-produced Ultima VIII: Pagan and Ultima IX: Ascension were developed quickly under EA's ownership, over the protests of Ultima creator Richard Garriott,[76] and these two are widely considered[77] to be sub-par compared to the rest of the series.[78][79]
In early 2008, CEO John Riccitiello acknowledged that this practice by EA was wrong and that the company now gives acquired studios greater autonomy without "meddling" in their corporate culture.[31]
In 2008, John D. Carmack of id Software said that EA is no longer the "Evil Empire"[80]

I'll admit that, if you asked me years ago, I still had thoughts that EA was the Evil Empire, the company that crushes the small studios...I'd have been surprised, if you told me a year ago that we'd end up with EA as a publisher. When we went out and talked to people, especially EA Partners people like Valve, we got almost uniformly positive responses from them.

Like other EA Partners, such as Harmonix/MTV Games, Carmack stressed that EA Partners deal "isn't really a publishing arrangement. Instead, they really offer a menu of services—Valve takes one set of things, Crytek takes a different set, and we're probably taking a third set".[80]
EA was criticized for shutting down some of its acquired studios after they released poorly performing games (for instance, Origin).[81] Though, in some of the cases, the shutdown was merely a reformation of teams working at different small studios into a single studio.[82][83] In the past, Magic Carpet 2 was rushed to completion over the objections of designer Peter Molyneux and it shipped during the holiday season with several major bugs. Studios such as Origin and Bullfrog Productions had previously produced games attracting significant fanbases. Many fans also became annoyed that their favorite developers were closed down, but some developers, for example the EALA studio, have stated that they try to carry on the legacy of the old studio (Westwood Studios). Once EA received criticism from labor groups for its dismissals of large groups of employees during the closure of a studio. However, later, it was confirmed that layoffs were not heavily confined to one team or another, countering early rumors that the teams were specifically targeted—countering the implication that the under performance of certain games might have been the catalyst.[84]
EA was once criticized for the acquisition of 19.9 percent of shares of its competitor Ubisoft, a move that Ubisoft's then spokesperson initially described as a "hostile act".[85] However, Ubisoft CEO Yves Guillemot later indicated that a merger with EA was a possibility, stating, "The first option for us is to manage our own company and grow it. The second option is to work with the movie industry, and the third is to merge."[86] However, in July 2010, EA elected to sell its reduced 15 percent share in Ubisoft.[87] That share equated to roughly €94 million (US$122 million).[88]
Treatment of employees[edit]
In 2004, Electronic Arts was criticized for employees working extraordinarily long hours—up to 100 hours per week—and not just at "crunch" times leading up to the scheduled releases of products. The publication of the EA Spouse blog, with criticisms such as "The current mandatory hours are 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.—seven days a week—with the occasional Saturday evening off for good behavior (at 6:30 PM)."[89] The company has since settled a class action lawsuit brought by game artists to compensate for unpaid overtime.[90] The class was awarded US$15.6 million. As a result, many of the lower-level developers (artists, programmers, producers, and designers) are now working at an hourly rate. A similar suit brought by programmers was settled for US$14.9 million.[91]
Since these criticisms first aired, it has been reported that EA has taken steps to address work-life balance concerns by focusing on long-term project planning, compensation, and communication with employees. These efforts accelerated with the arrival of John Riccitiello as CEO in February 2007. In December 2007, an internal EA employee survey showed a 13% increase in employee morale and a 21% increase in perception of management recognition over a three-year period.[92]
In May 2008, "EA Spouse" blog author Erin Hoffman, speaking to videogame industry news site Gamasutra, stated that EA had made significant progress, but may now be falling into old patterns again. Hoffman said that "I think EA is tremendously reformed, having made some real strong efforts to get the right people into their human resources department", and "I've been hearing from people who have gotten overtime pay there and I think that makes a great deal of difference. In fact, I've actually recommended to a few people I know to apply for jobs there", but she also said she has begun to hear "horror stories" once again.[93]
Game quality[edit]
For 2006, the games review aggregation site Metacritic gives the average of EA games as 72.0 (out of 100); 2.5 points behind Nintendo (74.5) but ahead of the other first-party publishers Microsoft (71.6) and Sony (71.2). The closest third-party publisher is Take-Two Interactive (publishing as 2K Games and Rockstar Games) at 70.3. The remaining top 10 publishers (Sega, THQ, Ubisoft, Activision, Square Enix) all rate in the mid 60s. Since 2005, EA has published eight games that received "Universal Acclaim" in at least one platform (Metacritic score 90 or greater): Battlefield 2, Crysis, Rock Band, FIFA 12, FIFA 13, Mass Effect 2, Mass Effect 3, and Dragon Age: Origins.
EA's aggregate review performance had shown a downward trend in quality over recent years and was expected to affect market shares during competitive seasons. Pacific Crest Securities analyst Evan Wilson had said, "Poor reviews and quality are beginning to tarnish the EA brand. According to our ongoing survey of GameRankings.com aggregated review data, Electronic Arts' overall game quality continues to fall... Although market share has not declined dramatically to date, in years such as 2007, which promises to have tremendous competition, it seems likely if quality does not improve."[94][95]
EA had also received criticism for developing games that lack innovation vis-à-vis the number of gaming titles produced under the EA brand that show a history of yearly updates, particularly in their sporting franchises. These typically retail as new games at full market price and feature only updated team rosters in addition to incremental changes to game mechanics, the user interface, and graphics. One critique compared EA to companies like Ubisoft and concluded that EA's innovation in new and old IPs "Crawls along at a snail's pace,"[96] while even the company's own CEO, John Riccitiello, acknowledged the lack of innovation seen in the industry generally, saying, "We're boring people to death and making games that are harder and harder to play. For the most part, the industry has been rinse-and-repeat. There's been lots of product that looked like last year's product, that looked a lot like the year before." EA has announced that it is turning its attention to creating new game IPs in order to stem this trend, with recently acquired and critically acclaimed studios BioWare and Pandemic would be contributing to this process.[97][98] In 2012, EA’s games were ranked highest of all large publishers in the industry, according to Metacritic.[99]
On December 19, 2013, EA was hit with a class action lawsuit over the bugs in the Battlefield 4 DLC. EA issued a statement regarding the various issues and bugs of the game and promised players that these issues would be fixed before the launch of the next generation consoles. This was not the case as players on both the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One had the same problems. The problems were so severe that they made certain parts of the game unplayable due to campaign save files being corrupted and players being unable to start or join multiplayer servers. Players expressed their outrage on the forums of Battlelog, EA Answers HQ and social news sites such as Reddit.[100] EA DICE responded by apologizing for the bugs and promising that they would halt all production of the release of new DLC packages until they fixed the various problems.
Sports licensing and exclusivity[edit]
On June 5, 2008, a lawsuit was filed in Oakland, California alleging Electronic Arts is breaking United States anti-trust laws by signing exclusive contracts with the NFL Players Association, the NCAA and Arena Football League, to use players' names, likenesses and team logos. This keeps other companies from being able to sign the same agreements. The suit further accuses EA of raising the price of games associated with these licenses as a result of this action.[101] In an interview with GameTap, Peter Moore said it was the NFL that sought the deal. "To be clear, the NFL was the entity that wanted the exclusive relationship. EA bid, as did a number of other companies, for the exclusive relationship", Moore said. "It wasn't on our behest that this went exclusive... We bid and we were very fortunate and lucky and delighted to be the winning licensee."[102] While EA argued the player's likenesses was incidentally used, this was rejected by the United States Courts of Appeals in 2015.[103] A further appeal to the US Supreme Court was unsuccessful.[104] In June 2016, EA settled with Jim Brown for $600,000.[105]
On September 26, 2013, EA settled a series of wide-ranging class action lawsuits filed by former NCAA players accusing EA and others of unauthorized use of player likenesses in their football and basketball games. EA settled the lawsuit for an undisclosed amount.[106][107] The settlement is reported to be around $40 million, to be paid to between 200,000 and 300,000 players.[108]
EULA and DRM[edit]
In the September 2008 release of EA's game Spore it was revealed that the DRM scheme included a program called SecuROM and a lifetime machine-activation limit of three (3) instances. A huge public outcry over this DRM scheme broke out over the Internet and swarmed Amazon.com with one-star ratings and critical reviews of the game in order to get EA to "pay attention to their consumers".[109] This DRM scheme, which was intended to hinder the efforts of infringers to illegally use and distribute EA software, instead mainly affected paying customers, as the game itself was copied and distributed well before release.[110] On September 13, 2008, it was announced (by TorrentFreak's statistics) that Spore was the most torrented game ever with over half a million illegal downloads within the first week of release.[111] In response to customer reaction, EA officially announced its release of upcoming Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3 would increase the installation limit to 5 rather than 3.[112]
On September 22, 2008, a global class action lawsuit was filed against EA regarding the DRM in Spore, complaining about EA not disclosing the existence of SecuROM in the game manual, and addressing how SecuROM runs with the nature of a rootkit, including how it remains on the hard drive even after Spore is uninstalled.[113][114][115] On October 14, 2008, a similar class action lawsuit was filed against EA for the inclusion of DRM software in the free demo version of the Creature Creator.[116]
On March 31, 2009, EA released a "De-Authorization Management Tool" that allows customers who have installed games containing the SecuROM activation scheme to "de-authorize" a computer, freeing up one of the five machine "slots" to be used on another machine.[117]
On June 24, 2009, EA announced a change in its approach to preventing copyright infringement of PC games. While eliminating the DRM that uniquely identifies a machine, the plan described a replacement with a traditional CD-key check. With an emphasis on downloaded content, the plan moved toward software as a service.[118] In 2013, EA received criticism regarding its persistent online authentication system as implemented in the SimCity reboot.[119][120]
Advertising[edit]
In 2009, EA arranged a fake protest outside the Electronic Entertainment Expo to draw attention to the game Dante's Inferno.[121] Ostensibly Christian protestors bore placards objecting to the game's themes involving hell and damnation, and it was not clear until several days later that the event had been staged. Several Christian bloggers criticized the event for perpetuating negative stereotypes about Christians.
A 2011 advertising campaign for Dead Space 2 featured older women reacting negatively to the game with the campaign slogan "Your mom hates Dead Space 2". Two hundred women had been selected for their conservative values and lack of familiarity with video games, and their reactions to a screening of the game were featured in EA's web and TV advertisements.[122] The campaign was at first admired, but soon described as sexist and ageist, with some claiming that it was reinforcing outdated stereotypes against female and older gamers.[123][124][125][126] As of 2010, 40% of video game players were women and the average game player was 34 years old.[127]
On February 24, 2011, the Extra Credits team (at the time on The Escapist) published the episode "An Open Letter to EA Marketing", denouncing Electronic Arts' marketing decisions for the Dante's Inferno, Medal of Honor and Dead Space 2 releases. They argue that EA's decisions to hire fake protesters and market games solely on shock value, while neglecting to defend the Medal of Honor on a First Amendment basis for letting the player play as the Taliban, have been hurtful to the gaming industry. They also argue that the advertisements are counterproductive to Electronic Arts' wishes to elevate games to an art medium as demonstrated in the 1980s Electronic Arts ad 'Can a Computer Make You Cry?'.[128][129]
Mass Effect 3's ending was poorly received by both critics and fans due to the inconsistencies between statements by BioWare staff during the game's development and the form the endings ultimately took.[130][131][132][133] Displeased by the ending, one player took his complaint to the Federal Trade Commission, the agency created to protect consumers. His argument was that BioWare did not deliver on the promise of its game, saying the end product did not match with the advertising campaign and PR interviews for the game.[134] The U.S. Better Business Bureau also responded to the controversy, supporting claims by fans that BioWare falsely advertised the player's "complete" control over the game's final outcome.[135][136] The UK's Advertising Standards Authority disagreed, ruling that EA and BioWare were not guilty of false advertisement since the endings were "thematically quite different", and the choices and readiness rating reflected in the ending content were significant enough to avoid actionable misleading of consumers under existing law.[137]
According to a Reddit administrator and a former moderator of the subreddit devoted to the 2015 Star Wars Battlefront, moderators removed posts critical of the game at the direction of EA personnel in exchange for pre-release access to the game.[138]
LGBT controversies[edit]
See also: Gender representation in video games § Portrayal of LGBT characters
EA has been noted for its inclusion of LGBT characters in games, and was among the companies given a perfect LGBT workplace score by the Human Rights Campaign in 2014.[139]
The positive portrayals of LGBT characters in games by EA subsidiary BioWare have motivated fan support and also backlash.[140] Several employees involved in Dragon Age II received hate mail and threats following its release.[140][141] BioWare lead writer David Gaider responded to a fan upset by the game's bisexual romances, denying the fan's ability to speak for all straight male gamers and writing, "the person who says that the only way to please them is to restrict options for others is, if you ask me, the one who deserves it least."[142]
Over the years from 2006 through 2012, various quotes both truly and falsely attributed to BioWare writer Jennifer Hepler were circulated online by fans who considered her emblematic of their complaints.[143] After one quote from a 2006 interview was used to link Hepler with unpopular changes to Dragon Age II's combat systems, Hepler was harassed by telephone and online.[141] The issue tapped into longstanding discontent over games being simplified to appeal to broader audiences.[143] Backlash was also related to Hepler's writing for Anders, the character that prompted the "straight male gamer" complaint.[143][144] According to Susana Polo in The Mary Sue, Hepler's gender may have intensified the harassment she experienced, but it was more directly the result of her being scapegoated for EA's pivot towards casual gamers.[144]
EA refused to abandon plans to add gay romances to Star Wars: The Old Republic that were opposed by the Family Research Council.[145] An online petition gathered more than 60,000 signatures in support of EA's decision before the petition became compromised by automated spam signatures.[146] The automated signatures were discovered by Reddit and 4chan users, who accused EA of using the issue to link broader criticism of EA with homophobia.[146] When eventually added to the game, the same-sex romances were ridiculed for being confined to a single "gay planet".[147]
The Consumerist rating as "Worst Company in America"[edit]
In April 2012, The Consumerist awarded EA with the title of "Worst Company in America" along with a ceremonial Golden Poo trophy.[148] The record-breaking poll drew in more than 250,000 votes and saw EA beating out such regulars as AT&T and Walmart. The final round of voting pitted EA against Bank of America. EA won with 50,575 votes or 64.03%.[149] This result came in the aftermath of the Mass Effect 3 ending controversy which several commentators viewed as a significant contribution to EA's win in the poll.[149][150] Other explanations include use of day-one DLC and EA's habit of acquiring smaller developers to squash competition.[151] EA spokesman John Reseburg responded to the poll by saying, "We're sure that bank presidents, oil, tobacco and weapons companies are all relieved they weren't on the list this year. We're going to continue making award-winning games and services played by more than 300 million people worldwide."[152][153]
In April 2013, EA won The Consumerist's poll for "Worst Company in America" a second time, consecutively, becoming the first company to do so. Games mentioned in the announcement included the critically controversial Mass Effect 3 for its ending, Dead Space 3 for its use of micro transactions, and the more recent SimCity reboot due to its poorly handled launch. Additionally, poor customer support, "nickel and diming", and public dismissiveness of criticisms were also given as explanations for the results of the poll. The Consumerist summarized the results by asking, "When we live in an era marked by massive oil spills, faulty foreclosures by bad banks, and rampant consolidation in the airline and telecom industry, what does it say about EA’s business practices that so many people have — for the second year in a row — come out to hand it the title of Worst Company in America?"[154]
When asked about the poll by VentureBeat, Frank Gibeau, President of EA Labels, responded "we take it seriously, and want to see it change. In the last few months, we have started making changes to the business practices that gamers clearly don’t like."[155] Gibeau attributes the elimination of online passes, the decision to make The Sims 4 a single-player, offline experience, as well as the unveiling of more new games to the shift in thinking. "The point is we are listening, and we are changing," Gibeau said.[155]
Dungeon Keeper Mobile app store vote manipulation[edit]
In 2013, EA released Dungeon Keeper Mobile, a free-to-play mobile variant of the popular 1990's strategy game Dungeon Keeper. The game was poorly received by both game critics and users. Critics noted that an in-game prompt claimed that "5-star ratings from you help us provide free updates!", suggesting that the games' creators would stop providing new content if players did not give the game sufficiently high ratings. The rating system involved a redirect process to the mobile storefront on which the game was sold; it was also pointed out that if players rated the game anything less than 5 stars, the game would not redirect them and not actually cast their vote, never indicating this to the user. This led to accusations of EA fraudulently manipulating the game's rating system and its subsequent score on mobile storefronts.[156]
In June 2014, Electronic Arts CEO Andrew Wilson made a public apology for the game, stating that it was a "shame" that he regretted.[157]
In July 2014, the UK-based Advertising Standards Authority banned a Dungeon Keeper Mobile ad from broadcast, stating that the advertisement "deliberately misled consumers" and made false statements about the game's pricing and free-to-play nature.[158] Later that same month Frank Gibeau, head of EA's mobile division, stated that the game's failure was attributed to audiences "not being ready" and that the game "innovated too much". These remarks resulted in backlash from game journalist media and users alike.[159]
See also[edit]


San Francisco Bay Area portal
Companies portal



History of video games
List of Electronic Arts games

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Electronic Arts Inc. Fiscal Year 2016 Proxy Statement and Annual Report" (PDF). Electronic Arts. Archived (PDF) from the original on March 26, 2017. Retrieved March 25, 2017. 
^ Grub, Jeff (April 20, 2015). "Gaming’s top 25 public companies generated $54.1B in revenue last year". VentureBeat. Archived from the original on April 5, 2016. Retrieved March 23, 2016. 
^ Davison, Pete. "E3: EA's Press Conference: The Round-Up". GamePro. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. 
^ "About Us | Locations". Electronic Arts. Archived from the original on August 19, 2011. 
^ Curtis, Tom. "EA reorganizes after a landmark $1B digital year". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. 
^ Totilo, Stephen. "This is What EA’s Up To (On the Day Zynga Hired One of Their Top Guys)". Kotaku. Archived from the original on January 5, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2017. 
^ "EA.com Acquires Leading Games Destination pogo.com". GameZone. February 28, 2001. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Schonfeld, Erick (November 9, 2009). "Not Playing Around. EA Buys Playfish For $300 Million, Plus a $100 Million Earnout". TechCrunch. Archived from the original on September 25, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Wingfield, Nick (June 3, 2011). "EA to Test Its Might Online". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "EA to Acquire NFS world hack". Archived from the original on August 19, 2014. 
^ Curtis, Tom. "EA reorganizes after a landmark $1B digital year". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2017. 
^ "Electronic Arts entry". Sequoiacap.com. Archived from the original on March 8, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Keefer, John (March 31, 2006). "GameSpy Retro: Developer Origins". GameSpy. Archived from the original on May 31, 2009. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Fleming, Jeffrey (February 12, 2007). "We See Farther - A History of Electronic Arts". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution By Steven Levy, page 335
^ a b "EA Studios: The 32-Bit Generation". Next Generation. Imagine Media (11): 97–99. November 1995. 
^ a b "The History of the Pinball Construction Set: Launching Millions of Creative Possibilities". Gamasutra.com. Archived from the original on March 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Jimmy Maher: The Future was Here, a book published by MIT press, 2012
^ "Electronic Arts Inks Pact With Nintendo". Computer Gaming World. May 1990. p. 50. Archived from the original on December 3, 2013. Retrieved November 16, 2013. 
^ "PlayStation Dominates European Show". Next Generation. Imagine Media (6): 15. June 1995. 
^ "EA Redwood Shores". Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. 
^ "Electronic Arts cuts staff by 5 percent". GameSpot. Archived from the original on April 1, 2014. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Electronic Arts To Acquire Mythic Entertainment". Gamasutra.com. June 20, 2006. Archived from the original on February 14, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Surette, Tim (December 13, 2004). "Big Deal: EA and NFL ink exclusive licensing agreement". GameSpot. Archived from the original on November 13, 2014. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "All Madden, all the time". ESPN. December 14, 2004. Archived from the original on December 7, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA Puts it "In the Game"". Archive.gamespy.com. Archived from the original on March 20, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA moves towards new IPs". Gamesindustry.biz. November 30, 2006. Archived from the original on July 21, 2007. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA to Supply Games for Nokia Mobile Devices | Game Guru". Gameguru.in. September 14, 2006. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ Crecente, Brian (December 8, 2014). "Larry Probst, Electronic Arts' Executive Chairman, Steps Down from Company and Remains on Board". Polygon. Archived from the original on September 24, 2015. Retrieved August 6, 2015. 
^ "EA Announces New Company Structure". Gamasutra.com. June 18, 2007. Archived from the original on February 14, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Kohler, Chris (February 8, 2008). "EA's CEO: How I Learned To Acquire Developers And Not *** Them Up". Blog.wired.com. Archived from the original on April 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Schiesel, Seth (February 19, 2008). "A Company Looks to Its Creative Side to Regain What It Had Lost". The New York Times. Archived from the original on May 12, 2011. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ "EA ships four Mac games". MacWorld. March 17, 2009. Archived from the original on November 11, 2015. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Terdiman, Daniel (February 24, 2008). "EA tries to buy Take-Two to keep its top spot". CNET. Archived from the original on September 23, 2015. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ McWhertor, Michael (December 20, 2007). "Take-two Interactive: Analyst "Convinced" That Take-Two Will Be Swallowed". Kotaku. Archived from the original on December 23, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Dinsey, Stuart (February 7, 2008). "Viacom to buy Take Two for $1.5 billion?". MCVUK. Archived from the original on September 11, 2014. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Electronic Arts to acquire Korean mobile developer". Associated Press. May 22, 2008. Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "Electronic Arts drops buyout bid for rival". CTV News. Archived from the original on June 28, 2012. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Crecente, Brian (November 6, 2008). "Electronic Arts: Electronic Arts Ditches Casual Label, Merges It With The Sims". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on March 19, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Crecente, Brian (October 30, 2008). "Electronic Arts: Electronic Arts Lays Off Six Hundred". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on April 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ McWhertor, Michael (October 30, 2008). "Things Are Tough All Over: EA Loses $310 million, Sees "Weakness At Retail" In October". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on December 19, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Wolverton, Troy (February 3, 2009). "Electronic Arts has lousy quarter; slashes 1,100 jobs". The Mercury News. Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. Retrieved May 2, 2009. 
^ "EA loss widens after weak holiday season". The Orlando Sentinel. Associated Press. February 4, 2009. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved May 2, 2009. 
^ Webster, Andrew (June 24, 2009). "EA combines BioWare and Mythic into new RPG/MMO group". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on June 25, 2009. Retrieved June 25, 2009. 
^ BioWare Community Team (September 18, 2012). "RAY MUZYKA & GREG ZESCHUK RETIRE". BioWare. Archived from the original on August 24, 2013. Retrieved September 6, 2013. 
^ Muzyka, Ray (September 18, 2012). "FROM RAY MUZYKA". BioWare. Archived from the original on March 21, 2015. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Zeschuk, Greg (September 18, 2012). "FROM GREG ZESCHUK". BioWare. Archived from the original on March 21, 2015. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Yukari Iwatani, Kane (November 9, 2009). "EA to Acquire Playfish for $275 million". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved November 9, 2009. 
^ "Electronic Arts posts loss, to cut jobs". Reuters. November 9, 2009. Archived from the original on May 14, 2012. Retrieved November 9, 2009. 
^ Crecente, Brian. "Confirmed: EA Closes Pandemic Studios, Says Brand Will Live On". Archived from the original on November 19, 2009. Retrieved November 17, 2009. 
^ "EA buys Angry Birds publisher Chillingo". LA times. October 20, 2010. Archived from the original on October 23, 2010. Retrieved October 21, 2010. 
^ "Electronic Arts Announces Change in Executive Leadership". Electronic Arts. Archived from the original on March 19, 2013. Retrieved March 18, 2013. 
^ Cutler, Kim-Mai (April 25, 2013). "Here’s EA’s Internal Memo On The Layoffs Today". TechCrunch. AOL. Archived from the original on May 4, 2013. Retrieved May 8, 2013. 
^ Paczkowski, John (May 9, 2013). "EA Reboot Cost 900 Jobs". All Things Digital. Dow Jones. Archived from the original on May 13, 2013. Retrieved May 8, 2013. 
^ Sarker, Samit (May 6, 2013). "EA and Disney sign exclusive deal for rights to Star Wars games". Polygon. Archived from the original on April 27, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ Machkovech, Sam (May 5, 2015). "Respawn has been working on a Star Wars action-adventure game for two years". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on May 5, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ "Andrew Wilson named EA CEO". Gamespot. Archived from the original on October 23, 2013. Retrieved September 18, 2013. 
^ Handrahan, Matthew. "EA is closing two-thirds of its core free-to-play games". gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on May 11, 2015. Retrieved May 10, 2015. 
^ Futter, Mike (June 16, 2015). "EA's Future Includes More Smaller Games Like Unravel". Game Informer. Archived from the original on June 20, 2015. Retrieved June 16, 2015. 
^ Pereira, Chris (December 10, 2015). "EA Launching Its Own Competitive Gaming Division Headed by Peter Moore". GameSpot. Archived from the original on December 13, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Makuch, Eddie (May 17, 2016). "EA Forms New Team to Explore Future Tech, Including Virtual Humans for VR". GameSpot. Archived from the original on May 21, 2016. Retrieved May 18, 2016. 
^ Totilo, Stephen. "The Unexpected Gamer Who Runs EA". Kotaku. Archived from the original on June 24, 2010. 
^ "EDGAR Online via Yahoo! Finance, Electronic Arts FY 2008 10K Filing". Yahoo.brand.edgar-online.com. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b "EA restructuring corporate positions, Patrick Söderlund to take over as head of EA Sports". VG247.com. Archived from the original on November 3, 2013. 
^ "The Sims Boss Lucy Bradshaw Leaves EA After 23 Years". GameSpot. Archived from the original on September 25, 2015. Retrieved May 19, 2016. 
^ Hall, Charlie (June 10, 2017). "SEED is a stealthy, high-tech incubator inside EA". Polygon. Archived from the original on June 10, 2017. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ Davidson, John (June 10, 2017). "EA Boss Andrew Wilson's Vision of Gaming's Future Will Blow Your Mind". Glixel. Archived from the original on June 12, 2017. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ Kerr, Chris (June 12, 2017). "EA opens 'SEED' game tech research division". Gamasutra. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ "1995: The Calm Before the Storm?". Next Generation. Imagine Media (13): 38. January 1996. 
^ Davis, Ian (September 27, 2013). "Exclusive: EA Shutters North Carolina Studio". The Escapist. Archived from the original on December 6, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Futter, Mike (November 4, 2014). "EA Terminates Development Of MOBA Dawngate, Service Ends In 90 Days". Game Informer. Archived from the original on October 8, 2016. 
^ "EA Partners signs new Insomniac game | Games Industry | MCV". Mcvuk.com. May 25, 2010. Archived from the original on May 11, 2011. Retrieved March 19, 2011. 
^ "Funcom and Electronic Arts to co-publish ‘The Secret World’ MMO – The Secret World Official Forums". Darkdemonscrygaia.com. January 10, 2011. Archived from the original on May 11, 2011. Retrieved March 19, 2011. 
^ Fahey, Mike (June 12, 2016). "EA Originals Gives Big Support To Small Games". Kotaku. Archived from the original on June 12, 2016. Retrieved June 12, 2016. 
^ Ashcraft, Brian (January 8, 2008). "2008 Tech Emmy Winners". Kotaku. Archived from the original on September 29, 2012. Retrieved August 30, 2012. In 2008, Pinball Construction Set was awarded at the 59th Annual Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards for User Generated Content/Game Modification 
^ Massey, Dana (October 11, 2005). ""The Conquest of Origin", page 2". Escapistmagazine.com. Archived from the original on February 12, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Many believe Ultima IX was unfairly maligned because of rushed development schedule". Pc.gamespy.com. May 7, 2004. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Ultima VIII received poorly by fans". Gamefaqs.com. Archived from the original on June 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Ultima IX received poorly by fans". Gamefaqs.com. Archived from the original on April 18, 2010. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Thorsen, Tor (July 15, 2008). "E3 2008: Video Q&A: Carmack on 'one-game' id-EA deal". GameSpot. CBS Interactive. Archived from the original on August 15, 2011. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Zealot, Funky (February 25, 2004). "EA to Shut Down Origin Systems". GamePro. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Matei, Robert (October 17, 2006). "EA Closes Down Warrington Studio – Another development studio shut down". Softpedia. Archived from the original on June 9, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Sinclair, Brendan (October 6, 2006). "EA shuts down DICE Canada". GameSpot. Archived from the original on March 29, 2014. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Nutt, Christian (January 26, 2005). "Layoffs and Restructuring at EA LA". 1UP.com. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Electronic Arts buys stake in Ubisoft in "hostile" act". Gamespot. Archived from the original on January 17, 2016. 
^ Miller, Ross (May 29, 2007). "Ubisoft president 'still considering' EA acquisition". Joystiq. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Makuch, Eddie (July 16, 2010). "Electronic Arts sells its stake in Ubisoft". GameSpot. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Electronic Arts Sells 15% Stake In France's Ubisoft". The Glass Garden. July 16, 2010. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "The original ea_spouse blog entry". LiveJournal. Archived from the original on February 15, 2016. 
^ Feldman, Curt (November 11, 2004). "Employees readying class-action lawsuit against EA". Gamespot.com. Archived from the original on November 13, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Programmers Win EA Overtime Settlement, EA_Spouse Revealed". Gamasutra.com. Archived from the original on April 29, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "'Big corporation' does a turnaround". Archived from the original on July 23, 2012. Retrieved August 29, 2012. 
^ "'EA_Spouse' Hoffman: Quality Of Life Still Issue, Despite EA Improvement". Gamasutra.com. May 13, 2008. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Sinclair, Brendan (November 30, 2006). "Analyst: EA brand tarnished". Gamespot.com. Archived from the original on October 18, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Reimer, Jeremy (December 1, 2006). "EA brand "tarnished" according to analyst". Arstechnica.com. Archived from the original on October 20, 2012. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA innovation crawls along at "snail's pace"". Gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on January 22, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA CEO John Riccitiello: More innovation is needed in videogames". Gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on January 22, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "BioWare/Pandemic deal goes through". Archived from the original on September 21, 2012. Retrieved August 29, 2012. 
^ Dietz, Jason. "Metacritic's 3rd Annual Game Publisher Rankings". metacritic.com. Archived from the original on May 8, 2013. 
^ "EA Class-Action Lawsuit: 'Battlefield 4' Bugs And 'BF4' DLC Problems Trigger Suit; Electronic Arts Denies Wrongdoing". Archived from the original on December 23, 2013. 
^ "Anti-trust lawsuit over exclusive license contracts" (PDF). Archived (PDF) from the original on May 10, 2011. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ Kuchera, Ben (June 12, 2008). "Lawsuit flags EA for illegal procedure on football monopoly". Arstechnica. Archived from the original on October 1, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Kravets, David (January 6, 2015). "NFL players win appeals court ruling in EA Madden NFL flap". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on July 10, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ Kravets, David (March 21, 2016). "Supreme Court punts in 1st Amendment Madden NFL legal fight". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on July 7, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ Kravets, David (June 28, 2016). "EA punts, gives $600k to former football star in Madden NFL rights flap". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on June 28, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ "EA Sports settles suits, thousands of players eligible for money". Archived from the original on September 27, 2013. 
^ Eder, Steve (September 26, 2013). "E.A. Sports Settles Lawsuit With College Athletes". The New York Times. Archived from the original on February 19, 2017. 
^ Rovell, Darren (September 28, 2013). "Players to receive $40 million". ESPN. Archived from the original on July 21, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ "Copyright row dogs Spore release". BBC News. September 10, 2008. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Spore's Piracy Problem". Forbes. September 12, 2008. Archived from the original on November 7, 2008. Retrieved November 18, 2008. 
^ Ernesto (September 13, 2008). "Spore: Most Pirated Game Ever Thanks to DRM". TorrentFreak. Archived from the original on September 15, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "EA Sticking With SecuROM (Though Red Alert 3's Will Go A Little Easier On You)". Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "A copy of the Spore complaint filed" (PDF). CourtHouseNews.com. Archived (PDF) from the original on January 17, 2016. 
^ Faylor, Chris (September 24, 2008). "Spore DRM Prompts $5M Class Action Lawsuit". ShackNews. Archived from the original on September 25, 2008. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ Fahey, Mike (September 24, 2008). "Class Action Lawsuit Arises Over Spore DRM". Kotaku. Archived from the original on September 27, 2008. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ "Spore Creature Creator Demo prompts class action". Archived from the original on December 10, 2008. 
^ "EA Releases DRM License Deactivation Tool". slashdot.org. March 31, 2009. Archived from the original on April 21, 2009. Retrieved April 3, 2009. 
^ "EA's new motto: please pirate our games... er, storefronts". Ars Technica. June 24, 2009. Archived from the original on June 25, 2009. Retrieved June 25, 2009. 
^ "We are the SimCity dev team from Maxis. AMAA!". Maxis. Archived from the original on December 18, 2012. Retrieved December 24, 2012. 
^ "Cloud Computing is Why the New SimCity Needs an Always-On Connection, Studio Says". Kotaku. December 26, 2012. Archived from the original on December 30, 2012. Retrieved December 27, 2012. 
^ Pigna, Kris (June 13, 2009). "EA's Fake Dante's Inferno Protest Spurs Real Christian Backlash". 1UP.com. [permanent dead link]
^ Benedetti, Winda. "Your Mama Plays 'Dead Space 2'". Archived from the original on January 25, 2011. 
^ Glen M. "Shame on EA". Archived from the original on January 26, 2011. 
^ Tilley, Steve. "Dead Space 2 overcomes familiarity factor". Archived from the original on February 1, 2011. 
^ Tassi, Paul (January 24, 2011). "EA Using Mom’s Disapproval to Sell Dead Space 2". Forbes. Archived from the original on February 2, 2011. 
^ Williams, Mary Elizabeth. ""Dead Space 2": Your mom doesn't want you to play this video game". Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "Essential Facts About The Computer And Video Game Industry" (PDF). Entertainment Software Association. Archived (PDF) from the original on November 26, 2015. 
^ Electronic Arts. "Electronic Arts: Can a Computer Make You Cry?". Archived from the original on July 18, 2010. 
^ Extra Credits. "Extra Credits: An Open Letter to EA Marketing". Archived from the original on January 4, 2012. 
^ Hornshaw, Phil (March 9, 2012). "Player Starts Poll Asking BioWare for New Mass Effect 3 Ending". GameFront. Archived from the original on March 13, 2012. Retrieved March 10, 2012. 
^ Sterling, Jim (March 10, 2012). "Mass Effect 3 fans petition BioWare to change the ending". Destructoid. Archived from the original on March 14, 2012. Retrieved March 10, 2012. 
^ Langshaw, Mark (March 11, 2012). "'Mass Effect 3' fans campaign to change ending". Digital Spy. Archived from the original on March 16, 2012. Retrieved March 11, 2012. 
^ Molina, Brett (March 19, 2012). "BioWare: No decision yet on 'Mass Effect 3' ending". USA Today. Archived from the original on March 21, 2012. Retrieved March 19, 2012. 
^ Gregory, Jon (March 17, 2012). "Mass Effect 3 Ending Fighter Goes To The FTC - News". www.GameInformer.com. Archived from the original on April 19, 2012. Retrieved April 22, 2012. 
^ "Better Business Bureau Says BioWare Falsely Advertised Mass Effect 3 - Softpedia". Softpedia. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. Retrieved April 13, 2012. 
^ "Mass Effect 3 falsely advertised, says BBB - GameSpot.com". GameSpot. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. Retrieved April 13, 2012. 
^ "BioWare and EA cleared of ME3 advertising kerfuffle". ScrewAttack.com. Retrieved August 15, 2012. 
^ Lemon, Marshall (November 13, 2015). "EA Rep May Have Influenced Reddit Mods To Censor Battlefront Critics". The Escapist. Archived from the original on November 17, 2015. 
^ Farokhmanesh, Megan (November 26, 2014). "EA scores top marks for LGBT equability in the workplace". Polygon. Archived from the original on January 5, 2016. 
^ a b "BioWare writer received death threats to family". Metro. August 16, 2013. Archived from the original on February 20, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Crecente, Brian (August 15, 2013). "Plague of game dev harassment erodes industry, spurs support groups". Polygon. Archived from the original on November 30, 2015. 
^ Fahey, Mike (March 24, 2011). "Dragon Age II Writer Eloquently Defends The Game's Sexuality Balance". Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b c Griffiths, Daniel Nye (February 21, 2012). "The Changing Face of Games: Feeling Angry and Ignored, Fans Look for Someone to Blame". Forbes. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Polo, Susana (February 20, 2012). "Inclusion: What Jennifer Hepler’s Story is All About". Archived from the original on February 21, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Chalk, Andy (January 27, 2012). "Family Research Council Warns of Gay Relationships in The Old Republic". The Escapist. Archived from the original on March 11, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Serrels, Mark (April 11, 2012). "Star Wars: The Old Republic Petition Attacked By Hackers, Temporarily Shut Down". Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Hamilton, Mary (January 25, 2013). "Star Wars: The Old Republic, the gay planet and the problem of the straight male gaze". The Guardian. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Morran, Chris (April 4, 2012). "The Voters Have Spoken: EA Is Your Worst Company In America For 2012!". Consumerist. Archived from the original on August 7, 2012. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ a b Gaudiosi, John (April 7, 2012). "Electronic Arts Named Worst Company in America". The Hollywood Reporter. Archived from the original on May 11, 2012. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (April 8, 2012). "EA, named America's worst company, tries to make amends". CNET. CBS Interactive. Archived from the original on February 21, 2014. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Tiffany (April 4, 2012). "Electronic Arts: 'Worst company in America'? Consumerist says yes". Los Angeles Times. Archived from the original on October 27, 2012. 
^ Brightman, James (April 4, 2012). "EA responds to "worst company" label from Consumerist". gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on October 24, 2013. Retrieved July 9, 2013. 
^ Kain, Erik (April 4, 2012). "EA Responds To 'Worst Company' Award By Mentioning Past Winners". Forbes. Archived from the original on July 20, 2013. Retrieved July 9, 2013. 
^ Morran, Chris (April 9, 2013). "EA Makes Worst Company In America History, Wins Title For Second Year In A Row!". Consumerist. Archived from the original on November 9, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ a b Takahashi, Dean. "EA exec Frank Gibeau: Betting on next-gen consoles, mobile, and doing right by consumers (interview)". VentureBeat. Archived from the original on July 28, 2013. 
^ Webster, Andrew (September 30, 2013). "EA steers angry customers away from reviewing games at Google Play". The Verge. Archived from the original on February 10, 2014. Retrieved February 11, 2014. 
^ Owen, Phil (June 29, 2014). "EA CEO Wilson: Dungeon Keeper Mobile Was 'A Shame'". Kotaku. Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 27, 2015. Retrieved March 18, 2015. 
^ Yin-Poole, Wesley (July 2, 2014). "UK watchdog bans Dungeon Keeper ad, accuses EA of "misleading" customers". Eurogamer. Archived from the original on January 9, 2015. Retrieved January 8, 2015. 
^ Davis, Ian (July 9, 2014). "EA: Dungeon Keeper Failed by "Innovating Too Much"". Escapist. Escapist Magazine. Archived from the original on April 2, 2015. Retrieved March 18, 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Sinclair, Brendan (January 4, 2006). "Innovation: does size matter?". GameSpot. CBS Interactive. 
ea_spouse (November 10, 2004). "EA: The Human Story". LiveJournal. Archived from the original on February 15, 2016. 
Becker, David (March 8, 2005). "Game makers see workplace changes". CNET. CBS Interactive. 
Totilo, Stephen (September 12, 2006). "What's The 'Coolest Job Ever'? Electronic Arts' Summer Interns Tell Their Story". MTV. Viacom International. 
Deck, Stewart (December 19, 2000). "Six Degrees of Hire Learning". ITworld. IDG Communications. 
Varney, Allen (October 11, 2005). "The Conquest of Origin". The Escapist. Defy Media. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Electronic Arts.



Official website



Business data for Electronic Arts, Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Electronic Arts



Employees





Founder




Trip Hawkins






Current




Larry Probst (Executive Chairman)
Andrew Wilson (CEO)
Patrick Söderlund (EVP)
Will Wright
Joe Ybarra






Former




Bing Gordon
Don Mattrick
Jeff Green
Ralph Guggenheim
Robin Hunicke
Greg Kasavin
Peter Moore
John Riccitiello











Subsidiaries





Current




BioWare
Criterion Games
EA Canada
EA DICE

DICE Los Angeles


EA Mobile
EA Montreal
EA Salt Lake
EA Singapore
EA Sports
EA Tiburon
European Integration Studio
Firemonkeys Studios
Ghost Games
Maxis
Motive Studios
PopCap Games
The Sims Studio
Visceral Games






Defunct




Bullfrog Productions
Danger Close Games
EA Black Box
EA Bright Light
EA Chicago
EA Phenomic
EA UK
Kesmai
Mythic Entertainment
Origin Systems
Pandemic Studios
Playfish
Victory Games
Westwood Studios








Franchises



Army of Two
Battlefield
Bejeweled
Burnout
Command & Conquer
Crysis
Dead Space
Dragon Age
FIFA
Madden NFL
Mass Effect
Medal of Honor
Mirror's Edge
NBA Live
NCAA Football
Need for Speed
NHL
Plants vs. Zombies
Rock Band
SimCity
Skate
Star Wars: Battlefront
Spore
SSX
The Sims
Ultima
Wing Commander





Related



EA Access
Origin
Pogo.com
RenderWare
Frostbite
Ignite
List of acquisitions by Electronic Arts
List of Electronic Arts games






Category










v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecommunications Corporation

China Telecom


China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Sim video games



SimCity series





Main games




SimCity (1989)
SimCity 2000
SimCity 3000
SimCity 4

Rush Hour


SimCity (2013)






Other games




64
DS
Societies
Snap City
DS 2
Creator
Social








The Sims series





Main games




The Sims
The Sims 2
The Sims 3
The Sims 4






Other games




Online
Bustin' Out
The Urbz
Life Stories
Pet Stories
Castaway Stories
Medieval

Pirates and Nobles


Social
FreePlay






MySims




MySims
Kingdom
Party
Racing
Agents
SkyHeroes








Spore





Expansions




Galactic Adventures






Spin-offs




Creature Creator
Creatures
Origins
Hero
Hero Arena
Darkspore






Other




Development








Sim



SimEarth
SimAnt
SimLife
SimFarm
SimRefinery
SimTower
SimHealth
SimIsle
SimTown
SimPark
SimGolf
SimTunes
Sim Theme Park
SimCopter
Streets of SimCity
SimSafari
SimCoaster
Sid Meier's SimGolf
SimMars (cancelled)
SimAnimals





Related articles



Simlish
Electronic Arts
Maxis
Will Wright
Lincity
Yoot Tower
The Tower SP
BeyondSims






 Category







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137191582
LCCN: n93043443
ISNI: 0000 0001 2291 0054
GND: 2149193-8
SUDOC: 086228811
BNF: cb140318401 (data)
BNE: XX132366










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Electronic_Arts&oldid=790722573"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQ1982 establishments in CaliforniaAcademy of Interactive Arts & Sciences membersCompanies based in Redwood City, CaliforniaElectronic ArtsEntertainment companies based in CaliforniaEntertainment companies established in 1982Entertainment Software AssociationInternational Game Developers Association membersMac software companiesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesSoftware companies based in the San Francisco Bay AreaVideo game companies based in CaliforniaVideo game companies established in 1982Video game companies of the United StatesVideo game development companiesVideo game publishersWargame companiesHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles that may be too long from February 2017Use mdy dates from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2016Articles with unsourced statements from August 2007Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתქართულიLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиBahasa MelayuМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 15 July 2017, at 17:35.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









EA Annual Income Statement - Electronic Arts Inc. Annual Financials



































Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Close in:



Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Electronic Arts Inc.

                  NASDAQ: EA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Electronic Arts Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 10:43 a.m.


EA

/quotes/zigman/71356/composite


$
117.34




Change

-0.26
-0.22%

Volume
Volume 2.05m
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/71356/composite
Previous close

$
			117.60
		


$
				117.34
			
Change

-0.26
-0.22%





Day low
Day high
$113.50
$117.92










52 week low
52 week high

            $73.74
        

            $120.25
        


















Income Statement


Balance Sheet


Cash Flow Statement


Annual Financials
Quarter Financials




Annual Financials for Electronic Arts Inc.


View Ratios




Fiscal year is April-March. All values USD millions.
20132014201520162017
5-year trend





 Sales/Revenue
            
3.8B3.58B4.52B4.37B4.81B


Sales Growth
--5.85%26.35%-3.19%9.95%


 Cost of Goods Sold (COGS) incl. D&A
1.38B1.35B1.32B1.36B1.28B


COGS excluding D&A
1.14B1.12B1.13B1.16B1.11B


Depreciation & Amortization Expense
241M227M192M197M172M


Depreciation
118M151M126M143M123M


Amortization of Intangibles
123M76M66M54M49M


COGS Growth
--2.75%-1.86%3.03%-6.02%


 Gross Income
2.41B2.23B3.2B3.01B3.53B


Gross Income Growth
--7.63%43.38%-5.76%17.16%


Gross Profit Margin
----73.40%NA









20132014201520162017
5-year trend




 SG&A Expense
2.3B2.19B2.11B2.15B2.28B


Research & Development
1.15B1.13B1.11B1.12B1.17B


Other SG&A
1.14B1.06B1B1.03B1.11B


SGA Growth
--4.79%-3.43%1.80%6.33%


Other Operating Expense
-----


Unusual Expense
(1M)16M90M10M57M


EBIT after Unusual Expense
119M28M996M854M1.19B


Non Operating Income/Expense
43M4M(50M)36M44M


Non-Operating Interest Income
6M5M10M15M25M


Equity in Affiliates (Pretax)
-----


 Interest Expense
29M30M31M28M47M


Interest Expense Growth
-3.45%3.33%-9.68%67.86%


Gross Interest Expense
29M30M31M28M47M


Interest Capitalized
-----


 Pretax Income
139M7M925M877M1.21B


Pretax Income Growth
--94.96%13,114.29%-5.19%37.97%


Pretax Margin
----25.17%NA


Income Tax
41M(1M)50M(279M)243M


Income Tax - Current Domestic
-(1M)10M74M89M


Income Tax - Current Foreign
39M8M21M36M51M


Income Tax - Deferred Domestic
6M(11M)17M(390M)105M


Income Tax - Deferred Foreign
(4M)3M2M1M(2M)


Income Tax Credits
-----


Equity in Affiliates
-----


Other After Tax Income (Expense)
-----


Consolidated Net Income
98M8M875M1.16B967M


Minority Interest Expense
-----


 Net Income
98M8M875M1.16B967M


Net Income Growth
--91.84%10,837.50%32.11%-16.35%


Net Margin Growth
----20.11%NA


Extraordinaries & Discontinued Operations
-----


Extra Items & Gain/Loss Sale Of Assets
-----


Cumulative Effect - Accounting Chg
-----


Discontinued Operations
-----


Net Income After Extraordinaries
98M8M875M1.16B967M


Preferred Dividends
-----


Net Income Available to Common
98M8M875M1.16B967M


 EPS (Basic)
0.320.032.813.733.19


EPS (Basic) Growth
--90.63%9,266.67%32.74%-14.48%


Basic Shares Outstanding
310M308M311M310M303M


 EPS (Diluted)
0.310.032.693.503.08


EPS (Diluted) Growth
--90.32%8,866.67%30.11%-12.00%


Diluted Shares Outstanding
313M316M325M330M314M


 EBITDA
359M271M1.28B1.06B1.42B


EBITDA Growth
--24.51%371.59%-16.98%33.55%


EBITDA Margin
----29.47%NA




            Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
        







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:43 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:41aJapan slaps 50% tariff on U.S. frozen beef, first such action in 14 years
10:37aPacking the Pounds Back on Pigs
10:34aBREAKINGFDA says it plans to lower nicotine in cigarettes to non-addictive levels
10:30aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
10:30aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
10:30aTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
10:29aBitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
10:27aTreasury yields dip after second-quarter GDP data
10:26aNew rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues
10:25aThese are the times you’re actually allowed to put money back into your IRA
10:24aWeekend Sip: Is this the world’s first distilled non-alcoholic spirit?
10:19aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
10:17aTime for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
10:06aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
10:06aHoward Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise
10:05aMinor lift for final consumer sentiment reading in July as partisan divide remains
10:03aU.S. dollar holds decline after consumer sentiment data
10:03aTreasury yields flat after consumer sentiment data 
10:01aFinal UMich consumer sentiment for July was 93.4
10:00aBojangles' shares sink after revenue miss, guidance cut
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,794.63

-1.92
-0.01%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,358.85

-23.34
-0.37%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,466.06

-9.36
-0.38%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



























































    EA Historical Stock Quotes - Electronic Arts Inc. Historical Stock Quotes - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Close in:



Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Electronic Arts Inc.

                  NASDAQ: EA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Electronic Arts Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 10:43 a.m.


EA

/quotes/zigman/71356/composite


$
117.34




Change

-0.26
-0.22%

Volume
Volume 2.05m
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/71356/composite
Previous close

$
			117.60
		


$
				117.34
			
Change

-0.26
-0.22%





Day low
Day high
$113.50
$117.92










52 week low
52 week high

            $73.74
        

            $120.25
        















Enter Date:



Historical quote for: EA



Thursday, July 28, 2016


Closing price:



Open:



High:



Low:



Volume:


 

















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:43 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:41aJapan slaps 50% tariff on U.S. frozen beef, first such action in 14 years
10:37aPacking the Pounds Back on Pigs
10:34aBREAKINGFDA says it plans to lower nicotine in cigarettes to non-addictive levels
10:30aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
10:30aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
10:30aTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
10:29aBitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
10:27aTreasury yields dip after second-quarter GDP data
10:26aNew rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues
10:25aThese are the times you’re actually allowed to put money back into your IRA
10:24aWeekend Sip: Is this the world’s first distilled non-alcoholic spirit?
10:19aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
10:17aTime for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
10:06aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
10:06aHoward Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise
10:05aMinor lift for final consumer sentiment reading in July as partisan divide remains
10:03aU.S. dollar holds decline after consumer sentiment data
10:03aTreasury yields flat after consumer sentiment data 
10:01aFinal UMich consumer sentiment for July was 93.4
10:00aBojangles' shares sink after revenue miss, guidance cut
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,795.06

-1.49
-0.01%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,358.95

-23.24
-0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,466.02

-9.40
-0.38%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Close in:



Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




10:43 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:41aJapan slaps 50% tariff on U.S. frozen beef, first such action in 14 years
10:37aPacking the Pounds Back on Pigs
10:34aBREAKINGFDA says it plans to lower nicotine in cigarettes to non-addictive levels
10:30aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
10:30aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
10:30aTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
10:29aBitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
10:27aTreasury yields dip after second-quarter GDP data
10:26aNew rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues
10:25aThese are the times you’re actually allowed to put money back into your IRA
10:24aWeekend Sip: Is this the world’s first distilled non-alcoholic spirit?
10:19aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
10:17aTime for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
10:06aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
10:06aHoward Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise
10:05aMinor lift for final consumer sentiment reading in July as partisan divide remains
10:03aU.S. dollar holds decline after consumer sentiment data
10:03aTreasury yields flat after consumer sentiment data 
10:01aFinal UMich consumer sentiment for July was 93.4
10:00aBojangles' shares sink after revenue miss, guidance cut
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,795.04

-1.51
-0.01%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,358.64

-23.55
-0.37%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,465.98

-9.44
-0.38%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




















































    EA Analyst Estimates - Electronic Arts Inc. Analyst Estimates - MarketWatch



































Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Close in:



Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Electronic Arts Inc.

                  NASDAQ: EA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Electronic Arts Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 10:43 a.m.


EA

/quotes/zigman/71356/composite


$
117.34




Change

-0.26
-0.22%

Volume
Volume 2.05m
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/71356/composite
Previous close

$
			117.60
		


$
				117.34
			
Change

-0.26
-0.22%





Day low
Day high
$113.50
$117.92










52 week low
52 week high

            $73.74
        

            $120.25
        

















Snapshot




Average Recommendation:

                Overweight
            
Average Target Price:
117.55


Number of Ratings:

                26
            
Current Quarters Estimate:
0.27


FY Report Date:

                3 / 2018
            
Current Year's Estimate:
4.22


Last Quarter's Earnings:
0.84
Median PE on CY Estimate:
26.59


Year Ago Earnings:
3.83
Next Fiscal Year Estimate:
4.98




Median PE on Next FY Estimate:
22.58




Earnings Per Share




 
This Quarter
Next Quarter
This Fiscal
Next Fiscal




# of Estimates
22.00
22.00
24.00
21.00


Mean Estimate
0.27
0.66
4.22
4.98


High Estimates
0.32
0.88
4.50
5.95


Low Estimates
0.23
0.46
4.07
4.11


Coefficient Variance
7.96
15.43
2.42
8.05




Analysts Recommendations




 
current
1 Month Ago
3 Months Ago




BUY
16
15
15


OVERWEIGHT
2
2
2


HOLD
8
8
8


UNDERWEIGHT
0
0
0


SELL
0
0
0


MEAN
Overweight
Overweight
Overweight





Mean Recomendation Conversion Table
1.00 thru 1.24 = Buy
1.25 thru 1.74 = Overweight
1.75 thru 2.24 = Hold
2.25 thru 2.74 = Underweight
2.75 thru 3.00 = Sell


        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











Earnings Summaries





What Analysts Expect from Electronic Arts’ Fiscal 1Q18 Earnings


6:41 p.m. July 24, 2017

 - MarketRealist.com





Inside Activision’s Revenue Metrics


6:41 p.m. July 24, 2017

 - MarketRealist.com





Why Digital Revenues Are so Important for Activision and Electronic Arts


6:41 p.m. July 24, 2017

 - MarketRealist.com









Analyst Recommendations





5 Biggest Price Target Changes For Friday


54 min ago9:48 a.m. July 28, 2017

 - Benzinga.com





Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For July 26, 2017


9:25 a.m. July 26, 2017

 - Benzinga.com





Electronic Arts on the Street: Analyst Expectations in July 2017


6:41 p.m. July 24, 2017

 - MarketRealist.com












Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:43 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:41aJapan slaps 50% tariff on U.S. frozen beef, first such action in 14 years
10:37aPacking the Pounds Back on Pigs
10:34aBREAKINGFDA says it plans to lower nicotine in cigarettes to non-addictive levels
10:30aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
10:30aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
10:30aTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
10:29aBitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
10:27aTreasury yields dip after second-quarter GDP data
10:26aNew rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues
10:25aThese are the times you’re actually allowed to put money back into your IRA
10:24aWeekend Sip: Is this the world’s first distilled non-alcoholic spirit?
10:19aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
10:17aTime for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
10:06aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
10:06aHoward Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise
10:05aMinor lift for final consumer sentiment reading in July as partisan divide remains
10:03aU.S. dollar holds decline after consumer sentiment data
10:03aTreasury yields flat after consumer sentiment data 
10:01aFinal UMich consumer sentiment for July was 93.4
10:00aBojangles' shares sink after revenue miss, guidance cut
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,794.57

-1.98
-0.01%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,358.85

-23.34
-0.37%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,466.06

-9.36
-0.38%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































    EA SEC Filings - Electronic Arts Inc. SEC Filings - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Close in:



Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Electronic Arts Inc.

                  NASDAQ: EA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Electronic Arts Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 10:43 a.m.


EA

/quotes/zigman/71356/composite


$
117.34




Change

-0.26
-0.22%

Volume
Volume 2.05m
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/71356/composite
Previous close

$
			117.60
		


$
				117.34
			
Change

-0.26
-0.22%





Day low
Day high
$113.50
$117.92










52 week low
52 week high

            $73.74
        

            $120.25
        

















Show All


8-K



10-K



10-Q



Proxy



Registration



13D



13F



13G







SEC Filings for Electronic Arts Inc.
    
Getting Started with SEC Filings



Filing Date
Document Date
Type
Category
Amended



07/27/2017


07/27/2017


8-K


Special Events







07/11/2017


07/10/2017


8-K


Special Events







06/16/2017


08/03/2017


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







06/07/2017


06/01/2017


8-K


Special Events







05/31/2017


05/30/2017


8-K


Special Events







05/24/2017


03/31/2017


10-K


Annual Reports







05/22/2017


05/17/2017


8-K


Special Events







05/16/2017


05/11/2017


8-K


Special Events







05/09/2017


05/08/2017


8-K


Special Events







02/28/2017


02/27/2017


8-K


Special Events







02/15/2017


02/09/2017


8-K


Special Events







02/14/2017


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




02/09/2017


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




02/07/2017


12/31/2016


10-Q


Quarterly Reports







01/31/2017


01/31/2017


8-K


Special Events







01/24/2017


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




11/22/2016


11/21/2016


8-K


Special Events







11/09/2016


11/08/2016


8-K


Special Events







11/08/2016


09/30/2016


10-Q


Quarterly Reports







11/01/2016


11/01/2016


8-K


Special Events









More...





      SEC Filings provided by EDGAR Online, Inc.















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:43 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:41aJapan slaps 50% tariff on U.S. frozen beef, first such action in 14 years
10:37aPacking the Pounds Back on Pigs
10:34aBREAKINGFDA says it plans to lower nicotine in cigarettes to non-addictive levels
10:30aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
10:30aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
10:30aTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
10:29aBitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
10:27aTreasury yields dip after second-quarter GDP data
10:26aNew rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues
10:25aThese are the times you’re actually allowed to put money back into your IRA
10:24aWeekend Sip: Is this the world’s first distilled non-alcoholic spirit?
10:19aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
10:17aTime for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
10:06aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
10:06aHoward Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise
10:05aMinor lift for final consumer sentiment reading in July as partisan divide remains
10:03aU.S. dollar holds decline after consumer sentiment data
10:03aTreasury yields flat after consumer sentiment data 
10:01aFinal UMich consumer sentiment for July was 93.4
10:00aBojangles' shares sink after revenue miss, guidance cut
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,794.82

-1.73
-0.01%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,358.68

-23.50
-0.37%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,465.95

-9.47
-0.38%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Close in:



Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




10:43 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:41aJapan slaps 50% tariff on U.S. frozen beef, first such action in 14 years
10:37aPacking the Pounds Back on Pigs
10:34aBREAKINGFDA says it plans to lower nicotine in cigarettes to non-addictive levels
10:30aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
10:30aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
10:30aTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
10:29aBitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
10:27aTreasury yields dip after second-quarter GDP data
10:26aNew rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues
10:25aThese are the times you’re actually allowed to put money back into your IRA
10:24aWeekend Sip: Is this the world’s first distilled non-alcoholic spirit?
10:19aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
10:17aTime for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
10:06aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
10:06aHoward Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise
10:05aMinor lift for final consumer sentiment reading in July as partisan divide remains
10:03aU.S. dollar holds decline after consumer sentiment data
10:03aTreasury yields flat after consumer sentiment data 
10:01aFinal UMich consumer sentiment for July was 93.4
10:00aBojangles' shares sink after revenue miss, guidance cut
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,794.82

-1.73
-0.01%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,358.68

-23.50
-0.37%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,465.95

-9.47
-0.38%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




















































    EA News - Electronic Arts Inc. Company News & Press Releases - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Close in:



Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Electronic Arts Inc.

                  NASDAQ: EA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Electronic Arts Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 10:43 a.m.


EA

/quotes/zigman/71356/composite


$
117.34




Change

-0.26
-0.22%

Volume
Volume 2.05m
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/71356/composite
Previous close

$
			117.60
		


$
				117.34
			
Change

-0.26
-0.22%





Day low
Day high
$113.50
$117.92










52 week low
52 week high

            $73.74
        

            $120.25
        

















/news/latest/company/us/ea

      MarketWatch News on EA
    




 A menacing pattern has revealed itself in the stock market
49 min ago9:53 a.m. July 28, 2017
 - Nigam Arora




 Electronic Arts shares slide 3% as outlook falls short
8:16 a.m.  Today8:16 a.m. July 28, 2017
 - Ciara Linnane




 Electronic Arts shares fall after first-quarter results 
4:45 p.m. July 27, 2017
 - Caitlin Huston




 Electronic Arts Q1 revenue $1.45 million vs. $1.27 million
4:29 p.m. July 27, 2017
 - Caitlin Huston




 Electronic Arts Q1 FactSet EPS GAAP consensus $1.90
4:27 p.m. July 27, 2017
 - Caitlin Huston




 Electronic Arts Q1 EPS $2.06 vs. $1.40
4:23 p.m. July 27, 2017
 - Caitlin Huston




 Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $134 from $122 at Pacific Crest
7:25 a.m. June 16, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 The No. 1 lesson from the ‘crash-lite’ for tech stocks
9:05 a.m. June 13, 2017
 - Victor Reklaitis




 EA Unveils ‘Star Wars Battlefront II' and New Revenue Model
11:33 a.m. June 12, 2017
 - WSJ Video




 Videogame Downloads Are at a Pivotal Point
6:16 a.m. June 12, 2017
 - Barrons.com




 EA shifts sales strategy with new 'Star War' game
5:16 p.m. June 11, 2017
 - MarketWatch.com




 Apple ad-blocking could help Facebook and Google despite slowing online ad growth
7:45 a.m. June 8, 2017
 - Jeremy C. Owens




 Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $126 from $114 at Morgan Stanley
9:06 a.m. June 7, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Zynga shares climb after upgrade to overweight from neutral at Piper Jaffray
8:56 a.m. May 30, 2017
 - Caitlin Huston




 Tesla names former Electronic Arts exec Gaby Toledano as head of HR
12:00 p.m. May 24, 2017
 - Ciara Linnane




 Tech stocks’ three winners, three losers after earnings season
8:29 a.m. May 15, 2017
 - Jeff Reeves




 Electronic Arts downgraded to neutral from long-term buy at Hilliard Lyons
9:20 a.m. May 12, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Nasdaq closes at record for 4th straight day as Dow slips in FBI firing aftermath
4:45 p.m. May 10, 2017
 - Victor Reklaitis




 Stock winners and losers — Nvidia rockets and Yelp tumbles
11:33 a.m. May 10, 2017
 - Philip van Doorn




 Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $114.35 from $105.16 at Benchmark
10:35 a.m. May 10, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore


Loading more headlines...









/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/ea

      Other News on EA
    





Electronic Arts' (EA) Q1 Earnings Beat, Revenues Grow Y/Y

9:23 a.m.  Today9:23 a.m. July 28, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Electronic Arts (EA) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

8:25 p.m. July 27, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Electronic Arts -3.9% despite revenue growth in its Q1

4:18 p.m. July 27, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Electronic Arts Earnings Jump 47% Year Over Year In June Quarter

3:24 p.m. July 27, 2017
 - Investors Business Daily





Electronic Arts Earnings: What to Watch    

6:00 a.m. July 27, 2017
 - The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition





Watch These 6 Huge Put Purchases In Thursday Trade

3:44 a.m. July 27, 2017
 - benzinga.com




 Watch These 6 Huge Put Purchases In Thursday Trade
3:44 a.m. July 27, 2017
 - benzinga.com





Notable earnings after Thursday’s close

5:35 p.m. July 26, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Netflix Reaches 'Escape Velocity'; EA, iRobot Get Price-Target Hikes

3:14 p.m. July 26, 2017
 - Investors Business Daily




 Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From July 26
3:04 p.m. July 26, 2017
 - benzinga.com





Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From July 26

3:04 p.m. July 26, 2017
 - benzinga.com





Electronic Arts +2.6% as BofA upgrades to Buy on solid pipeline

1:28 p.m. July 26, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Electronic Arts: Cautious Buy

12:14 p.m. July 26, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





How to Trade Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Stock After Earnings

10:47 a.m. July 26, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





McDonald's, TI, AMD Get Price-Target Hikes; Electronic Arts Is A Buy

8:46 a.m. July 26, 2017
 - Investors Business Daily




 Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: BP, Chipotle, Citigroup, Electronic Arts, Eli Lilly, McDonald’s, Texas Instruments, US Steel and More
8:37 a.m. July 26, 2017
 - 247WallSt.com





3 Stocks That Tripled in Just 3 Years

8:29 a.m. July 26, 2017
 - Motley Fool





 Can Electronic Arts’ Revenues Keep Rising? 

6:41 p.m. July 24, 2017
 - MarketRealist.com





 Electronic Arts on the Street: Analyst Expectations in July 2017 

6:41 p.m. July 24, 2017
 - MarketRealist.com





 Activision on the Street: Analyst Expectations in July 

6:41 p.m. July 24, 2017
 - MarketRealist.com


Loading more headlines...







/news/pressrelease/company/us/ea

      Press Releases on EA
    




 Investor Network: Electronic Arts Inc. to Host Earnings Call
11:45 a.m. July 27, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 EA Announces The Sims 4 is Coming to Consoles on November 17th
1:00 p.m. July 26, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Electronic Arts to Webcast 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
4:05 p.m. July 21, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Pre-Market Technical Recap on Multimedia & Graphics Software Stocks -- Zynga, Activision Blizzard, Glu Mobile, and Electronic Arts
6:05 a.m. July 7, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 EA to Release First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Results on July 27, 2017
4:05 p.m. July 6, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 EA SPORTS NHL 18 Reveals Edmonton Oilers Superstar Connor McDavid 
      as Cover Athlete at 2017 NHL Awards
8:45 p.m. June 21, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Watch BizWireTV: JetBlue and Utrip Bring AI to Trip Planning and 
      Pandora Gets a Huge Boost from SiriusXM 
8:08 a.m. June 15, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Electronic Arts and Activision
8:07 a.m. June 15, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Venture into Danger with New IP from EA,Anthem™
7:13 p.m. June 11, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Full Details Revealed for EA SPORTS™ FIFA 18 Built for 
      Nintendo Switch
4:00 p.m. June 10, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 EA Announces a Uniquely Tailored Co-Op Adventure Game in A Way Out
3:30 p.m. June 10, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 EA PLAY 2017: Tune Into “Live @ EA PLAY” To Get a First Look at Eight 
      Games and More Surprises
1:03 p.m. June 8, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Cristiano Ronaldo Named Global Cover Star for EA SPORTS FIFA 18
11:01 a.m. June 5, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 EA Reveals New Action Driving Fantasy with Need for Speed Payback
9:01 a.m. June 2, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Multimedia and Graphics Software Stocks Under Scanner -- Electronic Arts, Take-Two Interactive Software, Function(x), and Avid Technology
6:50 a.m. May 30, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 EA PLAY 2017: Nas, DJ Green Lantern and Dave East to Perform at 
      Player FanFest
3:07 p.m. May 25, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Post Earnings Coverage as Electronic Arts' Q4 Top-line Rose 17% Y-o-Y
8:35 a.m. May 25, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Watch BizWireTV as the WannaCry Ransomware Epidemic Meets its Match 
      in Symantec and Announcing the Nominees for the BET Awards 2017
8:08 a.m. May 18, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 This Week's Earnings Recap
10:55 a.m. May 12, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Tom Brady Named EA SPORTS Madden NFL 18 Cover Athlete
10:00 a.m. May 12, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX


Loading more headlines...


















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:43 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:41aJapan slaps 50% tariff on U.S. frozen beef, first such action in 14 years
10:37aPacking the Pounds Back on Pigs
10:34aBREAKINGFDA says it plans to lower nicotine in cigarettes to non-addictive levels
10:30aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
10:30aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
10:30aTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
10:29aBitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
10:27aTreasury yields dip after second-quarter GDP data
10:26aNew rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues
10:25aThese are the times you’re actually allowed to put money back into your IRA
10:24aWeekend Sip: Is this the world’s first distilled non-alcoholic spirit?
10:19aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
10:17aTime for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
10:06aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
10:06aHoward Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise
10:05aMinor lift for final consumer sentiment reading in July as partisan divide remains
10:03aU.S. dollar holds decline after consumer sentiment data
10:03aTreasury yields flat after consumer sentiment data 
10:01aFinal UMich consumer sentiment for July was 93.4
10:00aBojangles' shares sink after revenue miss, guidance cut
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,794.57

-1.98
-0.01%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,358.85

-23.34
-0.37%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,466.06

-9.36
-0.38%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Electronic Arts' Radical Strategy for Long-Term Growth



   
















  
































X












&times















&times















&times















&times


















Media Money with Julia Boorstin

Electronic Arts' Radical Strategy for Long-Term Growth

Julia Boorstin													| @JBoorstin

Wednesday,  1 Aug 2012 |  1:39  PM ETCNBC.com



SHARES












  
Brent Lewin | Bloomberg | Getty Images
Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) signage is displayed outside of the company's office in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.


Electronic Arts, which reported slightly better-than-expected earnings Tuesday, is radically shifting its strategy for “Star Wars: The Old Republic” as a part of its big bet on free and digital gaming. The company announced it will now give it away for nothing.
“The idea of giving away play for free is the trend seeing that we’re in the market place,” Electronic Arts COO Peter Moore told CNBC Wednesday. “This premium trend — bringing more and more people in to play games, knocking down the barrier in price — is an important part of our growth strategy.”




The company is hoping this strategy will convert some of those players to a premium, subscription model, and/or get them to pay for up-grades with in-game currency. As one of Electronic Arts' biggest investments, “Star Wars: The Old Republic” continued to bleed subscribers, losing another 300,000 to end the quarter with fewer than one million, and leaving Wall Street disappointed.








show chapters





 



 




				    	                 
            EA Posts Lower Q1 Earnings   
			                        Wednesday,  1 Aug 2012 | 10:42  AM ET 




“If we can get two to three million people playing the game, you then start to transition from getting your money upfront, if you will, by selling the game to an ARPU — average revenue per user model,” Moore said. “That is the long-term growth plan and we are very optimistic that will work.”
Electronic Arts didn’t launch a single packaged goods game in the most recent quarter— two thirds of the game company’s revenue was from digital offerings. The company reported slightly better than expected earnings — a loss of 41 cents per share — and announced a $500 million share repurchase. 
But the real headline was the company’s ongoing investment in all sorts of digital games—mobile, social, online, and digital downloads and downloadable content. 
However, Zynga’s disappointing results call into question the future of social gaming, raising major concerns about slowing growth. Moore noted that EA still sees social games as a growing profitable sector, even if growth is slowing. He also made a point of distinguishing EA’s strategy from Zynga’s. 
“We are investing in brands in social and I think that’s the difference. … We are a lot more diversified and we have the portfolio brand that consumers recognize around the world,” he concluded.
-By CNBC's Julia Boorstin@JBoorstin
Questions?  Comments?  MediaMoney@cnbc.com








Julia BoorstinCNBC Senior Media & Entertainment Correspondent




































To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again.





Playing




Share this video...


×


Watch Next...




















































Long Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Long IdeasAimia's Senior Secured Note: 8.5% Yield With Assets Supporting 100% RecoveryEditors' Pick • GAPFF• Today, 9:58 AM • Jason Li•2 CommentsThe American Foxconn Dream: Wisconsin Shells Out $3 Billion To Hon Hai Precision IndustryEditors' Pick • HNHAF• Today, 9:54 AM • Ramon Vredeling•3 CommentsArbutus Seeks To Eradicate Hep BABUS• Today, 9:37 AM • Strong Bio•4 CommentsSEI Investments: Development Investment Set To Pay OffSEIC• Today, 9:37 AM • Michael Boyd•1 CommentGNC: Did Goldman Sachs Really Just Reiterate Its $5 Price Target?GNC• Today, 9:16 AM • Courage & Conviction Investing•28 Comments1 Chart Speaks Volumes About Gilead Sciences' FutureGILD• Today, 9:03 AM • James Brumley•7 Comments3 Reasons To Buy FreeportFCX• Today, 9:00 AM • Leo Nelissen•7 CommentsGlaxoSmithKline: Doing An AstraZeneca (And A Reckitt Benckiser)?Editors' Pick • GSK• Today, 8:46 AM • Dividend Drive•3 CommentsNETGEAR's Q2 Good Enough To Support A Higher MultipleEditors' Pick • NTGR• Today, 8:15 AM • Vince Martin•1 CommentStock Exchange: Reading Into Retail MovesEditors' Pick • AVGO, LB, RH• Today, 6:46 AM • Jeff Miller•4 CommentsArena Pharmaceuticals: Intriguing Data And Near-Term Catalysts, Yet Concerns RemainARNA• Today, 6:23 AM • Jonathan Faison•5 CommentsWhat Makes Darden Restaurants Attractive In The Long Term?DRI• Today, 3:32 AM • RCK Financial Services•6 CommentsLogitech: Irrational Sell-Off Has Created A Dip Buying OpportunityLOGI• Today, 1:46 AM • Hudson River Capital Research•5 CommentsCelgene: Expect The Story To ContinueCELG• Yesterday, 9:07 PM • Jonathan Weber•11 CommentsAcorda Investors Are Holding Their BreathACOR• Yesterday, 8:44 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsColgate-Palmolive: Reliable Cash GeneratorCL• Yesterday, 7:52 PM • John DiCeccoInphi: Accelerating In The High-Speed LaneIPHI• Yesterday, 7:10 PM • Atanas Baldzhiyski•2 CommentsSouthwest Airlines - Business ReviewLUV• Yesterday, 7:00 PM • Grassroots Research•4 CommentsA Stock That's In Vogue: Hugo BossBOSSY• Yesterday, 6:52 PM • Frederic LaudenklosLear Sees Content Growth AheadLEA• Yesterday, 6:46 PM • William KellerVeon: Launching A New ProductVEON• Yesterday, 5:22 PM • KMP Ideas•1 CommentIs American Midstream A Good Long-Term Investment?AMID• Yesterday, 4:33 PM • Orthodox Investor•14 CommentsBP: Trying To Make The Best Out Of A Bad SituationBP• Yesterday, 4:28 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•4 CommentsDynavax: Looking Ahead To A Long and Tiring JourneyDVAX• Yesterday, 4:24 PM • Long Term Bio•119 CommentsHeritage Insurance Holdings Inc.: Hurricane TestHRTG• Yesterday, 4:14 PM • Christiaan Casper•3 CommentsApple A Buy For The Total Return InvestorAAPL• Yesterday, 4:13 PM • William Stamm•5 CommentsContraFect: Why Hasn't Anyone Else Done This Already?CFRX• Yesterday, 4:04 PM • Altum Research•23 CommentsTeekay Offshore Dodges A BulletTK, TOO• Yesterday, 4:00 PM • Long Player•122 CommentsVisa Is Still Growing FastV• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Isaac Tang•5 CommentsIchor Systems: An Unknown GemICHR• Yesterday, 3:16 PM • Jeremy Rowe•8 CommentsSinking: The Curious Case Of CapsteadCMO• Yesterday, 3:06 PM • Quad 7 Capital•4 CommentsCapstone: Pending Catalyst + High Growth, No Debt, Deep Value StockEditors' Pick • CAPC• Yesterday, 3:05 PM • Intelligent Walker•3 CommentsCaterpillar Breaks Out On Massive Full-Year Guidance UpgradeCAT• Yesterday, 2:54 PM • Michael FitzsimmonsAmerco: Size MattersUHAL• Yesterday, 2:49 PM • Rip Van Winkle Investing•3 CommentsGilead: The Greyhound Leaves The DoghouseGILD• Yesterday, 2:42 PM • DoctoRx•116 CommentsTexas Instruments: The Auto Segment Is StrongTXN• Yesterday, 2:30 PM • Roman Luzgin•5 CommentsFund.com - Peculiar Legal Opportunity With Activist CatalystFNDM• Yesterday, 2:21 PM • Jan Svenda•10 CommentsWhy Imagination Technologies Might Be A Perfect Acquisition For NvidiaNVDA• Yesterday, 2:00 PM • Motek Moyen•43 CommentsGeneral Motors: Strong Core Earnings Show Us That Strategy And Execution Are On PointGM• Yesterday, 1:53 PM • Comanche Peak Investments•16 CommentsChipotle: When Price Gets IllCMG• Yesterday, 1:34 PM • Andrew McElroy•16 CommentsNexstar Media Group: 18% Free Cash Flow Yield And Significant Upside As Broadcaster Sentiment ImprovesEditors' Pick • NXST• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Soldier of Fortune•2 CommentsThe 'Best Balance Sheets' Portfolio: LabCorpLH• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • Value Prof•2 CommentsActivist Investor Is Catalyst To Unlock Significant Value At Edgewater TechnologyEditors' Pick • EDGW• Yesterday, 1:05 PM • Jim RoumellNektar Therapeutics: Further Upside AheadNKTR• Yesterday, 1:02 PM • Jonathan FaisonMamaMancini's: 40% Organic Growth Selling...MeatballsMMMB• Yesterday, 1:02 PM • Michael Liu•4 CommentsWoori Bank: Newly Privatized, Undervalued, And Hitting On All CylindersEditors' Pick • WF• Yesterday, 1:01 PM • Heath White•2 CommentsLiquidity Services Is Out Of Favor, Overlooked, Misunderstood And UndervaluedEditors' Pick • LQDT• Yesterday, 12:55 PM • Jim Roumell•4 CommentsAdomani: Electric Buses Are The Way To GoADOM• Yesterday, 12:41 PM • Marcus Mincey•1 CommentTetraphase Pharmaceuticals: IGNITE4 Data Igniting Share PriceTTPH• Yesterday, 12:27 PM • Jonathan Faison•9 CommentsMomo: An Investment To Consider?MOMO• Yesterday, 12:11 PM • William Pruzinsky•4 CommentsDespite Strong Q2 Results, Wynn Shares Took A Hit - As Always, They Will Recovery QuicklyWYNN• Yesterday, 11:59 AM • Howard Jay Klein•14 CommentsArtificial Intelligence: Apple's Second Revolutionary OfferingAAPL• Yesterday, 11:58 AM • J. M. Manness•28 CommentsIs It Too Late To Buy Facebook?FB• Yesterday, 11:57 AM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•47 CommentsUltragenyx: An Interesting Company In The Rare Disease SpaceRARE• Yesterday, 11:47 AM • Biopharmaceutical WolfUPS: More Downside Ahead?UPS• Yesterday, 11:36 AM • Quad 7 Capital•12 CommentsAMD: We Have Lift OffAMD• Yesterday, 11:27 AM • Kumquat Research•81 CommentsPVH Corp.: Make American Fashion Great Again (A La Calvin Klein And Tommy Hilfiger)Editors' Pick • PVH• Yesterday, 11:04 AM • Goddess Diogenes•4 CommentsBiohaven Pivots To Take A Shot At MigraineBHVN• Yesterday, 10:02 AM • Strong Bio•4 CommentsTurquoise Hill Resources: Catalysts Align In Its FavorTRQ• Yesterday, 9:56 AM • Gary Bourgeault•3 CommentsAmgen Reports Q2: Short- And Long-Term ConsiderationsAMGN• Yesterday, 9:44 AM • DoctoRx•31 CommentsTractor Supply Bounces BackTSCO• Yesterday, 9:18 AM • Samuel Smith•8 CommentsApple: DCF ValuationAAPL• Yesterday, 9:14 AM • Oleh Kombaiev•33 CommentsVipshop Holdings Is Fairly PricedVIPS• Yesterday, 9:11 AM • Sven Carlin•1 CommentVersabank: Insiders Buying A Conservative Bank Trading At Half BookVRRKF• Yesterday, 9:07 AM • Coastal Investing•4 CommentsOpko: Contrarian Play On Positive UpdateOPK• Yesterday, 8:59 AM • Avisol Capital Partners•31 CommentsAnalog Devices Has High Margin Of SafetyADI• Yesterday, 8:57 AM • Kush Patel•1 CommentBP's Market Outlook As OPEC Compliance FaltersBP• Yesterday, 8:36 AM • Gary Bourgeault•9 CommentsViña Concha Y Toro: A Strong Ship Facing Sharp HeadwindsVCO• Yesterday, 8:31 AM • William Daniel•4 CommentsWatch Out For Some Solid Action From Vertex Pharmaceuticals In 2017VRTX• Yesterday, 8:31 AM • Gaurao Bhade•4 CommentsGilead Sciences - There Is Still Much To Like About This Company And Its PriceGILD• Yesterday, 8:09 AM • The Value Investor•7 CommentsBMW: Sales Growth And Electric CarsBMWYY• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • KMP Ideas•4 CommentsSucampo: A Shift Toward Rare DiseasesSCMP• Yesterday, 7:41 AM • ONeil Trader•1 CommentScreening For Potential Spin-Offs: Walt DisneyDIS• Yesterday, 7:40 AM • Eric Nickolaison•19 CommentsKohl's - It's Worth A Look At These LevelsKSS• Yesterday, 7:10 AM • Kenra Investors•2 CommentsMcDonald's Two Businesses, One StrategyMCD• Yesterday, 7:06 AM • The Hedged Economist123456...1578Next Page





Stock Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Stock IdeasKatanga Mining - A View On Its Balance Sheet And Latest NewsKATFF• Today, 10:39 AM • Marcel LangeAmazon.Com: The Clear Case For Regulatory ActionAMZN• Today, 10:37 AM • Paulo SantosBank Of America And JPMorgan: Comparing Financial RatiosBAC, JPM• Today, 10:01 AM • Chris B Murphy•2 CommentsAimia's Senior Secured Note: 8.5% Yield With Assets Supporting 100% RecoveryEditors' Pick • GAPFF• Today, 9:58 AM • Jason Li•2 CommentsThe American Foxconn Dream: Wisconsin Shells Out $3 Billion To Hon Hai Precision IndustryEditors' Pick • HNHAF• Today, 9:54 AM • Ramon Vredeling•3 CommentsArbutus Seeks To Eradicate Hep BABUS• Today, 9:37 AM • Strong Bio•4 CommentsSEI Investments: Development Investment Set To Pay OffSEIC• Today, 9:37 AM • Michael Boyd•1 CommentPresident Trump's Chief Strategist Wants To DeFANG Facebook And GoogleFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 9:32 AM • David Pinsen•34 CommentsGNC: Did Goldman Sachs Really Just Reiterate Its $5 Price Target?GNC• Today, 9:16 AM • Courage & Conviction Investing•28 CommentsGilead: Shut Up About The Cash And Let Management Do Their JobGILD• Today, 9:09 AM • Orange Peel Investments•27 Comments1 Chart Speaks Volumes About Gilead Sciences' FutureGILD• Today, 9:03 AM • James Brumley•7 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 28, 2017ANTB, BTX, INCY• Today, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD3 Reasons To Buy FreeportFCX• Today, 9:00 AM • Leo Nelissen•7 CommentsGlaxoSmithKline: Doing An AstraZeneca (And A Reckitt Benckiser)?Editors' Pick • GSK• Today, 8:46 AM • Dividend Drive•3 CommentsNatural Health Trends Corporation: Buy It For Value, Buy It For GrowthNHTC• Today, 8:39 AM • Ty Huggins•1 CommentFly High American AirlinesAAL• Today, 8:30 AM • Chris Hulsey•6 CommentsNETGEAR's Q2 Good Enough To Support A Higher MultipleEditors' Pick • NTGR• Today, 8:15 AM • Vince Martin•1 CommentSell-Offs Are An Opportunity - Cramer's Mad Money (7/27/17)AMZN, NFLX, GOOG• Today, 7:41 AM • SA Editor Mohit ManghnaniFreeport-McMoRan Has Bottomed At $12 - Cramer's Lightning Round (7/27/17)HSBC, JPM, FCX• Today, 7:27 AM • SA Editor Mohit Manghnani•1 CommentStock Exchange: Reading Into Retail MovesEditors' Pick • AVGO, LB, RH• Today, 6:46 AM • Jeff Miller•4 CommentsArena Pharmaceuticals: Intriguing Data And Near-Term Catalysts, Yet Concerns RemainARNA• Today, 6:23 AM • Jonathan Faison•5 CommentsWhat Makes Darden Restaurants Attractive In The Long Term?DRI• Today, 3:32 AM • RCK Financial Services•6 CommentsLogitech: Irrational Sell-Off Has Created A Dip Buying OpportunityLOGI• Today, 1:46 AM • Hudson River Capital Research•5 CommentsCelgene: Expect The Story To ContinueCELG• Yesterday, 9:07 PM • Jonathan Weber•11 CommentsAcorda Investors Are Holding Their BreathACOR• Yesterday, 8:44 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsTaseko Mines: New Prosperity Remains A Long ShotTGB• Yesterday, 8:36 PM • Elephant Analytics•2 CommentsColgate-Palmolive: Reliable Cash GeneratorCL• Yesterday, 7:52 PM • John DiCeccoInphi: Accelerating In The High-Speed LaneIPHI• Yesterday, 7:10 PM • Atanas Baldzhiyski•2 CommentsSouthwest Airlines - Business ReviewLUV• Yesterday, 7:00 PM • Grassroots Research•4 CommentsA Stock That's In Vogue: Hugo BossBOSSY• Yesterday, 6:52 PM • Frederic LaudenklosLear Sees Content Growth AheadLEA• Yesterday, 6:46 PM • William KellerVeon: Launching A New ProductVEON• Yesterday, 5:22 PM • KMP Ideas•1 CommentIs American Midstream A Good Long-Term Investment?AMID• Yesterday, 4:33 PM • Orthodox Investor•14 CommentsBP: Trying To Make The Best Out Of A Bad SituationBP• Yesterday, 4:28 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•4 CommentsDynavax: Looking Ahead To A Long and Tiring JourneyDVAX• Yesterday, 4:24 PM • Long Term Bio•119 CommentsHeritage Insurance Holdings Inc.: Hurricane TestHRTG• Yesterday, 4:14 PM • Christiaan Casper•3 CommentsApple A Buy For The Total Return InvestorAAPL• Yesterday, 4:13 PM • William Stamm•5 CommentsContraFect: Why Hasn't Anyone Else Done This Already?CFRX• Yesterday, 4:04 PM • Altum Research•23 CommentsTeekay Offshore Dodges A BulletTK, TOO• Yesterday, 4:00 PM • Long Player•122 CommentsVisa Is Still Growing FastV• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Isaac Tang•5 CommentsIchor Systems: An Unknown GemICHR• Yesterday, 3:16 PM • Jeremy Rowe•8 CommentsSinking: The Curious Case Of CapsteadCMO• Yesterday, 3:06 PM • Quad 7 Capital•4 CommentsCapstone: Pending Catalyst + High Growth, No Debt, Deep Value StockEditors' Pick • CAPC• Yesterday, 3:05 PM • Intelligent Walker•3 CommentsCaterpillar Breaks Out On Massive Full-Year Guidance UpgradeCAT• Yesterday, 2:54 PM • Michael FitzsimmonsAmerco: Size MattersUHAL• Yesterday, 2:49 PM • Rip Van Winkle Investing•3 CommentsSuniva's Section 201 Petition: Devastating To The U.S. PV Industry, But Not To ProducersCSIQ, DQ, FSLR• Yesterday, 2:45 PM • X. Dong Wang•9 CommentsGilead: The Greyhound Leaves The DoghouseGILD• Yesterday, 2:42 PM • DoctoRx•116 CommentsTexas Instruments: The Auto Segment Is StrongTXN• Yesterday, 2:30 PM • Roman Luzgin•5 CommentsFund.com - Peculiar Legal Opportunity With Activist CatalystFNDM• Yesterday, 2:21 PM • Jan Svenda•10 CommentsDorel Industries Inc. - Turnaround Unlikely To Happen Any Time SoonEditors' Pick • DIIBF• Yesterday, 2:11 PM • Shahid Manzoor, CFAROTY Edition 1 Volume 15: Updates And Reducing RiskANAB, CBAY, SSTI• Yesterday, 2:06 PM • Jonathan Faison•1 CommentWhy Imagination Technologies Might Be A Perfect Acquisition For NvidiaNVDA• Yesterday, 2:00 PM • Motek Moyen•43 CommentsGeneral Motors: Strong Core Earnings Show Us That Strategy And Execution Are On PointGM• Yesterday, 1:53 PM • Comanche Peak Investments•16 CommentsUndervalued And Growing: Argan, Inc.AGX• Yesterday, 1:52 PM • Ty Huggins•5 CommentsChipotle: When Price Gets IllCMG• Yesterday, 1:34 PM • Andrew McElroy•16 CommentsNexstar Media Group: 18% Free Cash Flow Yield And Significant Upside As Broadcaster Sentiment ImprovesEditors' Pick • NXST• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Soldier of Fortune•2 CommentsThe 'Best Balance Sheets' Portfolio: LabCorpLH• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • Value Prof•2 CommentsActivist Investor Is Catalyst To Unlock Significant Value At Edgewater TechnologyEditors' Pick • EDGW• Yesterday, 1:05 PM • Jim RoumellNektar Therapeutics: Further Upside AheadNKTR• Yesterday, 1:02 PM • Jonathan FaisonMamaMancini's: 40% Organic Growth Selling...MeatballsMMMB• Yesterday, 1:02 PM • Michael Liu•4 CommentsWoori Bank: Newly Privatized, Undervalued, And Hitting On All CylindersEditors' Pick • WF• Yesterday, 1:01 PM • Heath White•2 CommentsLiquidity Services Is Out Of Favor, Overlooked, Misunderstood And UndervaluedEditors' Pick • LQDT• Yesterday, 12:55 PM • Jim Roumell•4 CommentsAdomani: Electric Buses Are The Way To GoADOM• Yesterday, 12:41 PM • Marcus Mincey•1 CommentTetraphase Pharmaceuticals: IGNITE4 Data Igniting Share PriceTTPH• Yesterday, 12:27 PM • Jonathan Faison•9 CommentsMomo: An Investment To Consider?MOMO• Yesterday, 12:11 PM • William Pruzinsky•4 CommentsDespite Strong Q2 Results, Wynn Shares Took A Hit - As Always, They Will Recovery QuicklyWYNN• Yesterday, 11:59 AM • Howard Jay Klein•14 CommentsArtificial Intelligence: Apple's Second Revolutionary OfferingAAPL• Yesterday, 11:58 AM • J. M. Manness•28 CommentsIs It Too Late To Buy Facebook?FB• Yesterday, 11:57 AM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•47 CommentsUltragenyx: An Interesting Company In The Rare Disease SpaceRARE• Yesterday, 11:47 AM • Biopharmaceutical WolfUPS: More Downside Ahead?UPS• Yesterday, 11:36 AM • Quad 7 Capital•12 CommentsAMD: We Have Lift OffAMD• Yesterday, 11:27 AM • Kumquat Research•81 CommentsAMD: The Inside StoryAMD• Yesterday, 11:16 AM • The Structure Of Price•54 CommentsPVH Corp.: Make American Fashion Great Again (A La Calvin Klein And Tommy Hilfiger)Editors' Pick • PVH• Yesterday, 11:04 AM • Goddess Diogenes•4 CommentsApple: On A Slippery SlopeAAPL• Yesterday, 10:38 AM • Rohit Chhatwal•49 CommentsBiohaven Pivots To Take A Shot At MigraineBHVN• Yesterday, 10:02 AM • Strong Bio•4 Comments123456...2525Next Page













 EA - Stock quote for Electronic Arts Inc - MSN Money















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help






























AdChoices














Electronic Arts Inc
NASDAQ: EA



US Markets Open










AdChoices








116.97


▼


-0.70
-0.59%



After Hours : 
-
-
-



 July 28, 2017 10:42 AM EDT. BATS BZX Real-Time Last Price. Currency In USD                
















Save














            Summary
        



            Financials
        



            Analysis
        



            Options
        



            Ownership
        



            Company
        



            History
        



            Related
        


















































Open
114.00


Previous Close
117.67


Volume (Avg) 
1.87M (3.42M)


Day's Range
113.50-117.92


52Wk Range
73.74-120.25


Market Cap.
36.41B


Dividend Rate ( Yield)
-


Beta
0.68


Shares Outstanding
309.59M


P/E Ratio (EPS)
38.17 (3.08) 









Recent News






 
Electronic Arts' (EA) Q1 Earnings Beat, Revenues Grow Y/Y


                            Zacks Equity Research
                        





 
Early movers: MRK, AAL, COL, AMZN, SBUX, INTC & more


                            CNBC
                        






Amazon earnings miss puts further pressure on the Nasdaq


                            CNBC
                        





 
Electronic Arts (EA) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


                            Seeking Alpha
                        





 
After-hours buzz: AMZN, SAM, SBUX & more


                            CNBC
                        





 
Electronic Arts -3.9% despite revenue growth in its Q1


                            Seeking Alpha
                        







 
Stocks open at record highs as Facebook soars on strong earnings


                            CNBC
                        





 
Facebook on Fire - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Thursday


                            The Street
                        





 
15 Stocks To Watch For July 17, 2017


                            Benzinga
                        





 
Earnings Scheduled For July 27, 2017


                            Benzinga
                        






Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From July 26


                            Benzinga
                        





 
Electronic Arts +2.6% as BofA upgrades to Buy on solid pipeline


                            Seeking Alpha
                        







 
Nintendo turnaround underway. Here's how it could still screw it up


                            CNBC
                        





 
Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Isn’t as Attractive as the Company


                            InvestorPlace
                        





 
EA, It's What Should Be in Your Portfolio


                            The Street
                        





 
How to Trade Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Stock After Earnings


                            InvestorPlace
                        






Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For July 26, 2017


                            Benzinga
                        





 
Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: BP, Chipotle, Citigroup, Electronic Arts, Eli Lilly, McDonald’s, Texas Instruments, US Steel and More


                            24/7 Wall St.
                        







 
3 Stocks That Tripled in Just 3 Years


                            The Motley Fool
                        





 
What to Watch When Electronic Arts Reports Earnings


                            The Motley Fool
                        





 
Electronic Arts: What To Watch For With Earnings


                            Seeking Alpha
                        





 
Electronic Arts (EA) to Report Q1 Earnings: What's in Store?


                            Zacks Equity Research
                        





 
Electronic Arts Shares Are a Low Risk Buy, This Chart Shows


                            The Street
                        





 
Better Buy: Electronic Arts vs. Activision Blizzard?


                            The Motley Fool
                        









 
2 Signs Electronic Arts' Best Days Are Ahead


                            The Motley Fool
                        























AdChoices
















AdChoices

















AdChoices




















Markets











DOW

DOW



▼

21,789.28


-7.27
-0.03%













Last updated time
7/28/2017 10:43 AM EDT







Markets





NASDAQ

NASDAQ



▼

6,354.73




-27.45
-0.43%










FTSE 100

FTSE 100



▼

7,363.90




-79.11
-1.06%










NYSE Composite

NYSE Composite



▼

11,934.40




-28.83
-0.24%



















AdChoices
















                Feedback
            







Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 











 







    EA Key Statistics - Electronic Arts Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Close in:



Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Electronic Arts Inc.

                  NASDAQ: EA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Electronic Arts Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 10:43 a.m.


EA

/quotes/zigman/71356/composite


$
117.34




Change

-0.26
-0.22%

Volume
Volume 2.05m
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/71356/composite
Previous close

$
			117.60
		


$
				117.34
			
Change

-0.26
-0.22%





Day low
Day high
$113.50
$117.92










52 week low
52 week high

            $73.74
        

            $120.25
        

















			Company Description 


			Electronic Arts, Inc. is a digital interactive entertainment company. The company develops and delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, mobile devices and personal computers. Its product brands include The Sims, Madden NFL, EA SPORTS FIFA, Battlefield, Need for Sp...
		


                Electronic Arts, Inc. is a digital interactive entertainment company. The company develops and delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, mobile devices and personal computers. Its product brands include The Sims, Madden NFL, EA SPORTS FIFA, Battlefield, Need for Speed, Dragon Age and Plants vs. Zombies .The company was founded by William M. Hawkins III in 1982 and is headquartered in Redwood City, CA.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
36.90


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
36.67


P/E Ratio (without extraordinary items)
29.06


Price to Sales Ratio
5.85


Price to Book Ratio
6.80


Price to Cash Flow Ratio
20.32


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
22.02


Enterprise Value to Sales
6.49


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.04

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
546,364.00


Income Per Employee
109,886.00


Receivables Turnover
16.24


Total Asset Turnover
0.65

Liquidity

Current Ratio
2.15


Cash Ratio
1.88



Profitability

Gross Margin
73.40


Operating Margin
25.89


Pretax Margin
25.17


Net Margin
20.11


Return on Assets
13.10


Return on Equity
25.94


Return on Total Capital
20.15


Return on Invested Capital
20.49

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
24.38


Total Debt to Total Capital
19.60


Total Debt to Total Assets
12.83


Long-Term Debt to Equity
24.38


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
19.60





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Lawrence F. Probst 
65
1984
Non-Executive Chairman



Mr. Andrew P. Wilson 
41
2000
Chief Executive Officer & Director



Mr. Blake J. Jorgensen 
56
2012
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President



Mr. Kenneth  Moss 
49
2014
Chief Technology Officer



Ms. Laura  Miele 
47
2017
Executive Vice President-Global Publishing





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





07/16/2017

Kenneth Moss 
EVP, Chief Technology Officer

14,058


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $108.99 per share.


1,532,181


07/16/2017

Kenneth Moss 
EVP, Chief Technology Officer

26,940


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


07/13/2017

Blake J. Jorgensen 
EVP & Chief Financial Officer

10,000


 
Disposition at $111.01 per share.


1,110,100


07/03/2017

Andrew P. Wilson 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

1,200


 
Disposition at $106.52 per share.


127,824


07/03/2017

Andrew P. Wilson 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

6,800


 
Disposition at $105.8 per share.


719,440


07/03/2017

Andrew P. Wilson 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

100


 
Disposition at $106.49 per share.


10,649


07/03/2017

Andrew P. Wilson 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

959


 
Disposition at $105.86 per share.


101,519


07/03/2017

Patrick Söderlund 
EVP, EA Worldwide Studios

1,700


 
Disposition at $106.45 per share.


180,965


07/03/2017

Patrick Söderlund 
EVP, EA Worldwide Studios

6,300


 
Disposition at $105.76 per share.


666,288


07/03/2017

Christopher Bruzzo 
EVP, Chief Marketing Officer

300


 
Disposition at $106.58 per share.


31,974


07/03/2017

Christopher Bruzzo 
EVP, Chief Marketing Officer

1,200


 
Disposition at $105.84 per share.


127,008


07/03/2017

Joel Linzner 
EVP Worldwide Business Affairs

600


 
Disposition at $106.58 per share.


63,948


07/03/2017

Joel Linzner 
EVP Worldwide Business Affairs

3,400


 
Disposition at $105.8 per share.


359,720


07/03/2017

Laura Miele 
EVP Global Publishing

200


 
Disposition at $106.43 per share.


21,286


07/03/2017

Laura Miele 
EVP Global Publishing

550


 
Disposition at $105.6 per share.


58,080


06/16/2017

Andrew P. Wilson 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

12,368


 
Disposition at $112.2 per share.


1,387,689


06/16/2017

Andrew P. Wilson 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

49,250


 
Disposition at $111.71 per share.


5,501,717


06/16/2017

Andrew P. Wilson 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

38,382


 
Disposition at $110.51 per share.


4,241,594


06/16/2017

Patrick Söderlund 
EVP, EA Worldwide Studios

2,531


 
Disposition at $112.29 per share.


284,205


06/16/2017

Patrick Söderlund 
EVP, EA Worldwide Studios

27,105


 
Disposition at $111.8 per share.


3,030,339


06/16/2017

Patrick Söderlund 
EVP, EA Worldwide Studios

20,364


 
Disposition at $110.56 per share.


2,251,443


06/16/2017

Andrew P. Wilson 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

100,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $26.25 per share.


2,625,000


06/15/2017

Blake J. Jorgensen 
EVP & Chief Financial Officer

10,000


 
Disposition at $107.9 per share.


1,079,000


06/01/2017

Andrew P. Wilson 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

1,600


 
Disposition at $114.7 per share.


183,520


06/01/2017

Andrew P. Wilson 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

6,400


 
Disposition at $114.23 per share.


731,072


06/01/2017

Patrick Söderlund 
EVP, EA Worldwide Studios

8,000


 
Disposition at $113.96 per share.


911,680


06/01/2017

Joel Linzner 
EVP Worldwide Business Affairs

500


 
Disposition at $114.67 per share.


57,335


06/01/2017

Joel Linzner 
EVP Worldwide Business Affairs

3,500


 
Disposition at $114.23 per share.


399,805


05/24/2017

TCMI, Inc.                            
Director

1,018


 
Disposition at $112.03 per share.


114,046


05/24/2017

TCMI, Inc.                            
Director

3,321


 
Disposition at $112.03 per share.


372,051


05/24/2017

TCMI, Inc.                            
Director

1,018


 
Disposition at $112.03 per share.


114,046


05/24/2017

TCMI, Inc.                            
Director

1,412


 
Disposition at $109.24 per share.


154,246


05/23/2017

TCMI, Inc.                            
Director

176,162


 



0


05/23/2017

TCMI, Inc.                            
Director

48,633


 



0


05/23/2017

TCMI, Inc.                            
Director

48,080


 



0


05/23/2017

TCMI, Inc.                            
Director

9,069


 



0


05/23/2017

TCMI, Inc.                            
Director

239,201


 



0


05/23/2017

TCMI, Inc.                            
Director

460,600


 



0


05/23/2017

TCMI, Inc.                            
Director

188,866


 



0


05/23/2017

TCMI, Inc.                            
Director

186,719


 



0


05/23/2017

Denise F. Warren 
Director

1,000


 
Disposition at $108.84 per share.


108,840


05/23/2017

Kenneth A. Barker 
SVP, Chief Accounting Officer

26,701


 
Disposition at $109 per share.


2,910,409


05/23/2017

Laura Miele 
EVP Global Publishing

2,500


 
Disposition at $110 per share.


275,000


05/23/2017

TCMI, Inc.                            
Director

177,574


 



0


05/23/2017

TCMI, Inc.                            
Director

48,633


 



0


05/23/2017

TCMI, Inc.                            
Director

48,080


 



0


05/23/2017

Kenneth A. Barker 
SVP, Chief Accounting Officer

15,079


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $35.7 per share.


538,320


05/22/2017

Andrew P. Wilson 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

10,965


 
Disposition at $108 per share.


1,184,220


05/19/2017

Jacob Joseph Schatz 
SVP and General Counsel

200


 
Disposition at $107.56 per share.


21,512


05/19/2017

Jacob Joseph Schatz 
SVP and General Counsel

2,000


 
Disposition at $107.19 per share.


214,380








/news/latest/company/us/ea

      MarketWatch News on EA
    




 A menacing pattern has revealed itself in the stock market
49 min ago9:53 a.m. July 28, 2017
 - Nigam Arora




 Electronic Arts shares slide 3% as outlook falls short
8:16 a.m.  Today8:16 a.m. July 28, 2017
 - Ciara Linnane




 Electronic Arts shares fall after first-quarter results 
4:45 p.m. July 27, 2017
 - Caitlin Huston




 Electronic Arts Q1 revenue $1.45 million vs. $1.27 million
4:29 p.m. July 27, 2017
 - Caitlin Huston




 Electronic Arts Q1 FactSet EPS GAAP consensus $1.90
4:27 p.m. July 27, 2017
 - Caitlin Huston




 Electronic Arts Q1 EPS $2.06 vs. $1.40
4:23 p.m. July 27, 2017
 - Caitlin Huston




 Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $134 from $122 at Pacific Crest
7:25 a.m. June 16, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 The No. 1 lesson from the ‘crash-lite’ for tech stocks
9:05 a.m. June 13, 2017
 - Victor Reklaitis




 EA Unveils ‘Star Wars Battlefront II' and New Revenue Model
11:33 a.m. June 12, 2017
 - WSJ Video




 Videogame Downloads Are at a Pivotal Point
6:16 a.m. June 12, 2017
 - Barrons.com




 EA shifts sales strategy with new 'Star War' game
5:16 p.m. June 11, 2017
 - MarketWatch.com




 Apple ad-blocking could help Facebook and Google despite slowing online ad growth
7:45 a.m. June 8, 2017
 - Jeremy C. Owens




 Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $126 from $114 at Morgan Stanley
9:06 a.m. June 7, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Zynga shares climb after upgrade to overweight from neutral at Piper Jaffray
8:56 a.m. May 30, 2017
 - Caitlin Huston




 Tesla names former Electronic Arts exec Gaby Toledano as head of HR
12:00 p.m. May 24, 2017
 - Ciara Linnane




 Tech stocks’ three winners, three losers after earnings season
8:29 a.m. May 15, 2017
 - Jeff Reeves




 Electronic Arts downgraded to neutral from long-term buy at Hilliard Lyons
9:20 a.m. May 12, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Nasdaq closes at record for 4th straight day as Dow slips in FBI firing aftermath
4:45 p.m. May 10, 2017
 - Victor Reklaitis




 Stock winners and losers — Nvidia rockets and Yelp tumbles
11:33 a.m. May 10, 2017
 - Philip van Doorn




 Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $114.35 from $105.16 at Benchmark
10:35 a.m. May 10, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore


Loading more headlines...







/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/ea

      Other News on EA
    





Electronic Arts' (EA) Q1 Earnings Beat, Revenues Grow Y/Y

9:23 a.m.  Today9:23 a.m. July 28, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Electronic Arts (EA) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

8:25 p.m. July 27, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Electronic Arts -3.9% despite revenue growth in its Q1

4:18 p.m. July 27, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Electronic Arts Earnings Jump 47% Year Over Year In June Quarter

3:24 p.m. July 27, 2017
 - Investors Business Daily





Electronic Arts Earnings: What to Watch    

6:00 a.m. July 27, 2017
 - The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition





Watch These 6 Huge Put Purchases In Thursday Trade

3:44 a.m. July 27, 2017
 - benzinga.com




 Watch These 6 Huge Put Purchases In Thursday Trade
3:44 a.m. July 27, 2017
 - benzinga.com





Notable earnings after Thursday’s close

5:35 p.m. July 26, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Netflix Reaches 'Escape Velocity'; EA, iRobot Get Price-Target Hikes

3:14 p.m. July 26, 2017
 - Investors Business Daily




 Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From July 26
3:04 p.m. July 26, 2017
 - benzinga.com





Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From July 26

3:04 p.m. July 26, 2017
 - benzinga.com





Electronic Arts +2.6% as BofA upgrades to Buy on solid pipeline

1:28 p.m. July 26, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Electronic Arts: Cautious Buy

12:14 p.m. July 26, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





How to Trade Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Stock After Earnings

10:47 a.m. July 26, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





McDonald's, TI, AMD Get Price-Target Hikes; Electronic Arts Is A Buy

8:46 a.m. July 26, 2017
 - Investors Business Daily




 Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: BP, Chipotle, Citigroup, Electronic Arts, Eli Lilly, McDonald’s, Texas Instruments, US Steel and More
8:37 a.m. July 26, 2017
 - 247WallSt.com





3 Stocks That Tripled in Just 3 Years

8:29 a.m. July 26, 2017
 - Motley Fool





 Can Electronic Arts’ Revenues Keep Rising? 

6:41 p.m. July 24, 2017
 - MarketRealist.com





 Electronic Arts on the Street: Analyst Expectations in July 2017 

6:41 p.m. July 24, 2017
 - MarketRealist.com





 Activision on the Street: Analyst Expectations in July 

6:41 p.m. July 24, 2017
 - MarketRealist.com


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Electronic Arts, Inc.
209 Redwood Shores Parkway
Building 250

Redwood City, California 94065-1175




Phone
1 6506281500


Industry
Toys & Games


Sector
Consumer Goods


Fiscal Year-end
03/2018


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$4.81B


Net Income
$967.00M


2017 Sales Growth 
9.9%


Employees

        8,800


Annual Report for EA











/news/pressrelease/company/us/ea

      Press Releases on EA
    




 Investor Network: Electronic Arts Inc. to Host Earnings Call
11:45 a.m. July 27, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 EA Announces The Sims 4 is Coming to Consoles on November 17th
1:00 p.m. July 26, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Electronic Arts to Webcast 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
4:05 p.m. July 21, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Pre-Market Technical Recap on Multimedia & Graphics Software Stocks -- Zynga, Activision Blizzard, Glu Mobile, and Electronic Arts
6:05 a.m. July 7, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 EA to Release First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Results on July 27, 2017
4:05 p.m. July 6, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 EA SPORTS NHL 18 Reveals Edmonton Oilers Superstar Connor McDavid 
      as Cover Athlete at 2017 NHL Awards
8:45 p.m. June 21, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Watch BizWireTV: JetBlue and Utrip Bring AI to Trip Planning and 
      Pandora Gets a Huge Boost from SiriusXM 
8:08 a.m. June 15, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Electronic Arts and Activision
8:07 a.m. June 15, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Venture into Danger with New IP from EA,Anthem™
7:13 p.m. June 11, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Full Details Revealed for EA SPORTS™ FIFA 18 Built for 
      Nintendo Switch
4:00 p.m. June 10, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 EA Announces a Uniquely Tailored Co-Op Adventure Game in A Way Out
3:30 p.m. June 10, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 EA PLAY 2017: Tune Into “Live @ EA PLAY” To Get a First Look at Eight 
      Games and More Surprises
1:03 p.m. June 8, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Cristiano Ronaldo Named Global Cover Star for EA SPORTS FIFA 18
11:01 a.m. June 5, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 EA Reveals New Action Driving Fantasy with Need for Speed Payback
9:01 a.m. June 2, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Multimedia and Graphics Software Stocks Under Scanner -- Electronic Arts, Take-Two Interactive Software, Function(x), and Avid Technology
6:50 a.m. May 30, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 EA PLAY 2017: Nas, DJ Green Lantern and Dave East to Perform at 
      Player FanFest
3:07 p.m. May 25, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Post Earnings Coverage as Electronic Arts' Q4 Top-line Rose 17% Y-o-Y
8:35 a.m. May 25, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Watch BizWireTV as the WannaCry Ransomware Epidemic Meets its Match 
      in Symantec and Announcing the Nominees for the BET Awards 2017
8:08 a.m. May 18, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 This Week's Earnings Recap
10:55 a.m. May 12, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Tom Brady Named EA SPORTS Madden NFL 18 Cover Athlete
10:00 a.m. May 12, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX


Loading more headlines...
















Log In




10:43 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:41aJapan slaps 50% tariff on U.S. frozen beef, first such action in 14 years
10:37aPacking the Pounds Back on Pigs
10:34aBREAKINGFDA says it plans to lower nicotine in cigarettes to non-addictive levels
10:30aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
10:30aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
10:30aTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
10:29aBitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
10:27aTreasury yields dip after second-quarter GDP data
10:26aNew rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues
10:25aThese are the times you’re actually allowed to put money back into your IRA
10:24aWeekend Sip: Is this the world’s first distilled non-alcoholic spirit?
10:19aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
10:17aTime for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
10:06aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
10:06aHoward Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise
10:05aMinor lift for final consumer sentiment reading in July as partisan divide remains
10:03aU.S. dollar holds decline after consumer sentiment data
10:03aTreasury yields flat after consumer sentiment data 
10:01aFinal UMich consumer sentiment for July was 93.4
10:00aBojangles' shares sink after revenue miss, guidance cut
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.15

-0.40
0.00%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,358.97

-23.22
-0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,466.09

-9.33
-0.38%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksAmazon.Com: The Clear Case For Regulatory ActionAMZN• Today, 10:37 AM • Paulo SantosThe American Foxconn Dream: Wisconsin Shells Out $3 Billion To Hon Hai Precision IndustryEditors' Pick • HNHAF• Today, 9:54 AM • Ramon Vredeling•3 CommentsIron Mountain Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIRM• Today, 9:51 AM • SA TranscriptsPresident Trump's Chief Strategist Wants To DeFANG Facebook And GoogleFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 9:32 AM • David Pinsen•34 CommentsVerizon's Q2 2017 Earnings: Impressive Financial Results But Concerns RemainVZ• Today, 8:53 AM • WG Investment Research•2 CommentsNETGEAR's Q2 Good Enough To Support A Higher MultipleEditors' Pick • NTGR• Today, 8:15 AM • Vince Martin•1 CommentAT&T: Black Swan Buyers May Signal Major Market SelloffT• Today, 8:01 AM • David Alton Clark•21 CommentsNot Confident Of Your Retirement? You're Not AloneT• Today, 8:00 AM • George Schneider•14 CommentsAmazon Is A Trade Not An InvestmentAMZN• Today, 5:37 AM • Forrest Wilson•44 CommentsSafran SA 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSAFRF• Today, 3:07 AM • SA TranscriptsLogitech: Irrational Sell-Off Has Created A Dip Buying OpportunityLOGI• Today, 1:46 AM • Hudson River Capital Research•5 CommentsCypress: As Good As It GetsCY• Today, 1:35 AM • Out of Ignorance•3 CommentsA Bear's Trade On Cisco For 5.6% IncomeCSCO• Yesterday, 9:00 PM • Eric Basmajian•28 CommentsRogers Communications - The Telecom Riding The Market Like There Is No TomorrowRCI• Yesterday, 8:18 PM • The Dividend Guy•2 CommentsFlex Ltd.. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFLEX• Yesterday, 8:01 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentThe Sage Group To Acquire Intacct For Financial Management SolutionsSGGEF• Yesterday, 7:46 PM • Donovan JonesGigamon, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGIMO• Yesterday, 7:42 PM • SA TranscriptsAMD: The Price Is Still SillyAMD• Yesterday, 7:24 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•130 CommentsAmazon: Ugly Q3 Guidance Easily PredictedAMZN• Yesterday, 7:18 PM • Stone Fox Capital•76 CommentsInphi: Accelerating In The High-Speed LaneIPHI• Yesterday, 7:10 PM • Atanas Baldzhiyski•2 CommentsNational Instruments Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNATI• Yesterday, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsIBM Will Fail Where Microsoft ThrivesMSFT, IBM• Yesterday, 6:37 PM • The Dividend Guy•20 CommentsForecasting Apple's Q3 Using Apple GuidanceAAPL• Yesterday, 6:37 PM • Scott Nickerson•12 CommentsThis Is Not Your Grandfather's AT&TEditors' Pick • T• Yesterday, 6:23 PM • Chuck Carnevale•56 CommentsAmazon: First Look And AWS ThoughtsAMZN• Yesterday, 6:21 PM • D.M. Martins Research•42 CommentsVeon: Launching A New ProductVEON• Yesterday, 5:22 PM • KMP Ideas•1 CommentA10 Networks, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesATEN• Yesterday, 4:58 PM • SA TranscriptsAT&T Remains Strong For Income InvestorsT• Yesterday, 4:58 PM • Aisha Rahman•22 Comments8X8 Inc 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEGHT• Yesterday, 4:50 PM • SA TranscriptsXiaomi Comeback Marches On, But Will It Last?XI• Yesterday, 4:24 PM • Doug YoungLooking Deeper Into AMD's EarningsAMD• Yesterday, 4:22 PM • Technology Investing•92 CommentsApple A Buy For The Total Return InvestorAAPL• Yesterday, 4:13 PM • William Stamm•5 CommentsAT&T And Time Warner:  Strong AT&T Earnings Enhance The Case For The Combined EntityT• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Comanche Peak Investments•13 CommentsIchor Systems: An Unknown GemICHR• Yesterday, 3:16 PM • Jeremy Rowe•8 CommentsMicrosoft Riding High On The CloudMSFT• Yesterday, 3:13 PM • Sramana Mitra•4 CommentsFacebook Joins The Half A Trillion ClubFB• Yesterday, 3:01 PM • Bespoke Investment Group•17 CommentsApple: Analysis Of Its New Long-Term DebtAAPL• Yesterday, 2:33 PM • Samuel Eneh•7 CommentsTexas Instruments: The Auto Segment Is StrongTXN• Yesterday, 2:30 PM • Roman Luzgin•5 CommentsIntel Earnings Preview: Q2 Results Come Out After Market CloseINTC• Yesterday, 2:09 PM • JJ Kinahan•4 CommentsActivision Earnings PredictionATVI• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•11 CommentsFacebook - Very Strong Quarter For This GARP PlayFB• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • The Value Investor•7 CommentsWhy Imagination Technologies Might Be A Perfect Acquisition For NvidiaNVDA• Yesterday, 2:00 PM • Motek Moyen•43 CommentsIs Twitter Suffering From A Trump Hangover: Have Mass Boycotts Begun?TWTR• Yesterday, 1:54 PM • Paul Franke•30 CommentsTwitter: Lacking The Network Effect The Market WantsTWTR• Yesterday, 1:11 PM • Stone Fox Capital•16 CommentsAMD Earnings TakeawaysAMD• Yesterday, 1:06 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•43 CommentsActivist Investor Is Catalyst To Unlock Significant Value At Edgewater TechnologyEditors' Pick • EDGW• Yesterday, 1:05 PM • Jim RoumellLiquidity Services Is Out Of Favor, Overlooked, Misunderstood And UndervaluedEditors' Pick • LQDT• Yesterday, 12:55 PM • Jim Roumell•4 CommentsE-Commerce Giant Amazon Reports Q2 Earnings Today After Market CloseAMZN• Yesterday, 12:50 PM • JJ Kinahan•20 CommentsGoogle Home Has Competitive Strengths In Fast Growing Smart Speaker MarketGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:50 PM • LD Investments•14 CommentsTwitter: Testing Investors' PatienceTWTR• Yesterday, 12:43 PM • D.M. Martins Research•8 CommentsTwitter Q2 Earnings: The Ship Is GroundedTWTR• Yesterday, 12:21 PM • Amigobulls•5 CommentsMomo: An Investment To Consider?MOMO• Yesterday, 12:11 PM • William Pruzinsky•4 CommentsArtificial Intelligence: Apple's Second Revolutionary OfferingAAPL• Yesterday, 11:58 AM • J. M. Manness•28 CommentsIs It Too Late To Buy Facebook?FB• Yesterday, 11:57 AM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•47 CommentsEntegris, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesENTG• Yesterday, 11:36 AM • SA TranscriptsAMD: We Have Lift OffAMD• Yesterday, 11:27 AM • Kumquat Research•81 CommentsAMD: The Inside StoryAMD• Yesterday, 11:16 AM • The Structure Of Price•54 CommentsNokia Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNOK• Yesterday, 10:41 AM • SA Transcripts•4 CommentsApple: On A Slippery SlopeAAPL• Yesterday, 10:38 AM • Rohit Chhatwal•49 CommentsVerizon Follows Suit, Delivers A Strong QuarterVZ• Yesterday, 10:01 AM • D.M. Martins Research•18 CommentsMicrosoft Versus IBM - Which Moat To Invest In?IBM, MSFT• Yesterday, 9:51 AM • Houman Tamaddon•55 CommentsAmerican Tower Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMT• Yesterday, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsCypress Semiconductor Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEditors' Pick • CY• Yesterday, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsAutomatic Data Processing, Inc. 2017 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesADP• Yesterday, 9:49 AM • SA TranscriptsTwitter: This Is RidiculousTWTR• Yesterday, 9:38 AM • Celeritas Investments•76 CommentsApple: DCF ValuationAAPL• Yesterday, 9:14 AM • Oleh Kombaiev•33 CommentsI'm Afraid IBM Can't Make It This TimeIBM• Yesterday, 9:12 AM • The Dividend Guy•17 CommentsVipshop Holdings Is Fairly PricedVIPS• Yesterday, 9:11 AM • Sven Carlin•1 CommentAnalog Devices Has High Margin Of SafetyADI• Yesterday, 8:57 AM • Kush Patel•1 CommentRedfin Ignores The ElephantsRDFN• Yesterday, 8:35 AM • IPO Candy•4 CommentsNokia: A Solid 'Hold' After EarningsNOK• Yesterday, 8:14 AM • Orthodox Investor•19 CommentsIBM: The Incredible Shrinking IT VendorIBM• Yesterday, 7:59 AM • Bert Hochfeld•39 CommentsHow Intel Is Becoming A Diversified AI PlayerINTC• Yesterday, 6:34 AM • Right Angle•11 CommentsIntel: Pre-Earnings Analysis And DCF RevisionINTC• Yesterday, 6:00 AM • Tobias BeithRenishaw Plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRNSHF• Yesterday, 5:35 AM • SA Transcripts123456...1163Next Page








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      




Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Electronic Arts - Wikipedia






















 






Electronic Arts

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"EA" redirects here. For other uses, see EA (disambiguation).





This article may be too long to read and navigate comfortably. Please consider splitting content into sub-articles, condensing it, or adding or removing subheadings. (February 2017)



Electronic Arts Inc.





The EA headquarters building at Redwood City, California in May 2011.




Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: EA
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Video game industry


Founded
May 27, 1982; 35 years ago (1982-05-27) in San Mateo, California, U.S.


Founder
Trip Hawkins


Headquarters
Redwood City, California, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Larry Probst (Chairman)
Andrew Wilson (CEO)





Products
Army of Two series
Battlefield series
Burnout series
Command & Conquer series
Crysis series
Dead Space series
Dragon Age series
FIFA series
Fight Night series
Madden NFL series
Mass Effect series
Medal of Honor series
NBA Live series
NCAA Football series
Need for Speed series
NHL series
Plants vs. Zombies series
Rock Band series
SimCity series
The Simpsons series
The Sims series
Skate series
SSX series
Star Wars series


Revenue
 US$4.396 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$898 million (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$1.156 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$7.050 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$3.396 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

8,500 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
List of Electronic Arts subsidiaries
BioWare
Criterion Games
EA Canada
EA Digital Illusions CE
EA Mobile
EA Montreal
EA Tiburon
Firemonkeys Studios
Ghost Games
Maxis
Motive Studios
PopCap Games
The Sims Studio
Visceral Games


Website
ea.com


Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) is an American video game company headquartered in Redwood City, California. Founded and incorporated on May 28, 1982 by Trip Hawkins, the company was a pioneer of the early home computer games industry and was notable for promoting the designers and programmers responsible for its games. As of 2014, Electronic Arts was the world's fourth-largest gaming company by revenue after Tencent, Sony and Microsoft [2] The company sparked controversies over its advertising efforts, and acquisition of other studios.
Currently, EA develops and publishes games under several labels including EA Sports titles FIFA, Madden NFL, NHL, NCAA Football, NBA Live, and SSX. Other EA labels produce established franchises such as Battlefield, Need for Speed, The Sims, Medal of Honor, Command & Conquer, as well as newer franchises such as Crysis, Dead Space, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, Army of Two, Titanfall and Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, produced in partnership with LucasArts.[3] EA also owns and operates major gaming studios, EA Tiburon in Orlando, EA Canada in Burnaby, BioWare in Edmonton as well as Montreal, and DICE in Sweden.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1982–2000 - The Beginning
1.2 2000–2007
1.3 2007–2013
1.4 2013–present


2 Electronic Arts company structure

2.1 EA Games
2.2 EA Sports
2.3 EA Maxis
2.4 EA All Play
2.5 SEED


3 Owned studios and partnership companies

3.1 Current
3.2 Defunct
3.3 EA Partners program
3.4 EA Originals program


4 Games by Electronic Arts

4.1 Upcoming titles


5 Controversies

5.1 Studio acquisition and management practices
5.2 Treatment of employees
5.3 Game quality
5.4 Sports licensing and exclusivity
5.5 EULA and DRM
5.6 Advertising
5.7 LGBT controversies
5.8 The Consumerist rating as "Worst Company in America"
5.9 Dungeon Keeper Mobile app store vote manipulation


6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



History[edit]
The company began developing games in-house and supported consoles by the early 1990s. EA later grew via acquisition of several successful developers. By the early 2000s, EA had become one of the world's largest third-party publishers. On May 4, 2011, EA reported $3.8 billion in revenues for the fiscal year ending March 2011, and on January 13, 2012, EA announced that it had exceeded $1 billion in digital revenue during the previous calendar year.[5] In a note to employees, EA CEO John Riccitiello called this "an incredibly important milestone" for the company.[6] EA began to move toward direct distribution of digital games and services with the acquisition of the popular online gaming site Pogo.com in 2001.[7] In 2009, EA acquired the London-based social gaming startup Playfish,[8] and in June 2011, EA launched Origin, an online service to sell downloadable games directly to consumers.[9] There is also a "On The House" feature in Origin that lets you download full versions of EA games for free, it is updated regularly. In July 2011, EA announced that it had acquired PopCap Games, the company behind hits such as Plants vs. Zombies and Bejeweled.[10]
EA continued its shift toward digital goods in 2012, folding its mobile-focused EA Interactive (EAi) division "into other organizations throughout the company, specifically those divisions led by EA Labels president Frank Gibeau, COO Peter Moore, and CTO Rajat Taneja, and EVP of digital Kristian Segerstrale."[11]
1982–2000 - The Beginning[edit]




Founder of EA Trip Hawkins.


In February 1982, Trip Hawkins arranged a meeting with Don Valentine of Sequoia Capital[12] to discuss financing his new venture, Amazin' Software. Valentine encouraged Hawkins to leave Apple Inc., where Hawkins served as Director of Product Marketing, and allowed Hawkins use of Sequoia Capital's spare office space to start the company. On May 28, 1982, Trip Hawkins incorporated and established the company with a personal investment of an estimated US$200,000. The company was not named Amazin' Software, but instead Electronic Arts. Seven months later in December 1982, Hawkins secured US$2 million of venture capital from Sequoia Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, and Sevin Rosen Funds.




Electronic Arts' original corporate logo, 1982–2000.


For more than seven months, Hawkins refined his Electronic Arts business plan. With aid from his first employee (with whom he worked in marketing at Apple), Rich Melmon, the original plan was written, mostly by Hawkins, on an Apple II in Sequoia Capital's office in August 1982. During that time, Hawkins also employed two of his former staff from Apple, Dave Evans and Pat Marriott, as producers, and a Stanford MBA classmate, Jeff Burton from Atari for international business development. The business plan was again refined in September and reissued on October 8, 1982. By November, employee headcount rose to 11, including Tim Mott, Bing Gordon, David Maynard, and Steve Hayes.[13][14] Having outgrown the office space provided by Sequoia Capital, the company relocated to a San Mateo office that overlooked the San Francisco Airport landing path. Headcount rose rapidly in 1983, including Don Daglow, Richard Hilleman, Stewart Bonn, David Gardner, and Nancy Fong.
He recruited his original employees from Apple, Atari, Xerox PARC, and VisiCorp, and got Steve Wozniak to agree to sit on the board of directors.[15]
Hawkins was determined to sell directly to buyers. Combined with the fact that Hawkins was pioneering new game brands, this made sales growth more challenging. Retailers wanted to buy known brands from existing distribution partners. After more flyers were handed out, former CEO Larry Probst arrived as VP of Sales in late 1984 and helped the company sustain growth into US$18 million in its third full year.[citation needed] This policy of dealing directly with retailers gave EA higher margins and better market awareness, key advantages the company would leverage to leapfrog its early competitors.[16]
In December 1986, David Gardner and Mark Lewkaspais moved to the UK to open a European headquarters. Up until that point publishing of Electronic Arts Games, and the conversion of many of their games to compact cassette versions in Europe was handled by Ariolasoft.
Most of the early employees of the company disliked the Amazin' Software name that Hawkins had originally chosen when he incorporated the company.[13] While at Apple, Hawkins had enjoyed company offsite meetings at Pajaro Dunes and organized such a planning offsite for EA in October 1982.
Hawkins had developed the ideas of treating software as an art form and calling the developers, "software artists". Hence, the latest version of the business plan had suggested the name "SoftArt". However, Hawkins and Melmon knew the founders of Software Arts, the creators of VisiCalc, and thought their permission should be obtained. Dan Bricklin did not want the name used because it sounded too similar (perhaps "confusingly similar") to Software Arts. However, the name concept was liked by all the attendees. Hawkins had also recently read a best-selling book about the film studio, United Artists, and liked the reputation that the company had created. Early advisers Andy Berlin, Jeff Goodby, and Rich Silverstein (who would soon form their own ad agency Goodby, Silverstein & Partners) were also fans of that approach, and the discussion was led by Hawkins and Berlin. Hawkins said everyone had a vote but they would lose it if they went to sleep.[citation needed]
Hawkins liked the word "electronic", and various employees had considered the phrases "Electronic Artists" and "Electronic Arts". Other candidates included Gordon's suggestion of "Blue Light", a reference from the Disney film Tron.[citation needed] When Gordon and others pushed for "Electronic Artists", in tribute to the film company United Artists, Steve Hayes opposed, saying, "We're not the artists, they are..." meaning that the developers whose games EA would publish were the artists. This statement from Hayes immediately tilted sentiment towards Electronic Arts and the name was unanimously endorsed.[citation needed]
A novel approach to giving credit to its developers was one of EA's trademarks in its early days. This characterization was even further reinforced with EA's packaging of most of their games in the "album cover" pioneered by EA because Hawkins thought that a record album style would both save costs and convey an artistic feeling.[17] EA routinely referred to their developers as "artists" and gave them photo credits in their games and numerous full-page magazine ads. Their first such ad, accompanied by the slogan "We see farther," was the first video game advertisement to feature software designers.[16] EA also shared lavish profits with their developers, which added to their industry appeal. The square "album cover" boxes (such as the covers for 1983's M.U.L.E. and Pinball Construction Set) were a popular packaging concept by Electronic Arts, which wanted to represent their developers as "rock stars".[17]
In the mid-1980s Electronic Arts aggressively marketed products for the Commodore Amiga, a premier home computer of the late 1980s and early 1990s in Europe. Commodore had given EA development tools and prototype machines before Amiga's actual launch. For Amiga EA published some notable non-game titles. A drawing program Deluxe Paint (1985) and its subsequent versions became perhaps the most famous piece of software available for Amiga platform.[18] Other Amiga programs released by EA included Deluxe Music Construction Set, Deluxe Paint Animation and Instant Music. Some of them, most notably Deluxe Paint, were ported to other platforms. For Macintosh EA released a black & white animation tool called Studio/1, and a series of Paint titles called Studio/8 and Studio/32 (1990).
In 1988 EA published a flight simulator game exclusively for Amiga, F/A-18 Interceptor, which received attention due to its vector graphics that were notable for 1988 standards. Another significant Amiga release (also initially available for Atari ST, later converted for numerous other platforms) was Populous (1989) developed by Bullfrog Productions. It was a pioneering and influential title in the genre that was later called "god games".
In 1990, Electronic Arts began producing console games for the Nintendo Entertainment System, after previously licensing its computer games to other console-game publishers.[19] Eventually, Trip Hawkins left EA to found the now defunct 3DO Company.
In 1995 Electronic Arts won the European Computer Trade Show award for best software publisher of the year.[20]
2000–2007[edit]




Headquarters of EA in October 2007.


EA is headquartered in the Redwood Shores neighborhood of Redwood City, California.[21] Following the retirement and departure of Trip Hawkins in 2000, EA decided to replace its logo with a new one, and Larry Probst took over the reins.
In 2004, EA made a multimillion-dollar donation to fund the development of game production curriculum at the University of Southern California's Interactive Media Division. On February 1, 2006, Electronic Arts announced that it would cut worldwide staff by 5 percent.[22] On June 20, 2006 EA purchased Mythic Entertainment, who are finished making Warhammer Online.[23]
After Sega's ESPN NFL 2K5 successfully grabbed market share away from EA's dominant Madden NFL series during the 2004 holiday season, EA responded by making several large sports licensing deals which include an exclusive agreement with the NFL, and in January 2005, a 15-year deal with ESPN.[24] The ESPN deal gave EA exclusive first rights to all ESPN content for sports simulation games. On April 11, 2005, EA announced a similar, 6-year licensing deal with the Collegiate Licensing Company (CLC) for exclusive rights to college football content.[25]
Much of EA's success, both in terms of sales and with regards to its stock market valuation, is due to its strategy of platform-agnostic development and the creation of strong multi-year franchises. EA was the first publisher to release yearly updates of its sports franchises—Madden, FIFA, NHL, NBA Live, Tiger Woods, etc.—with updated player rosters and small graphical and gameplay tweaks.[26] Recognizing the risk of franchise fatigue among consumers, EA announced in 2006 that it would concentrate more of its effort on creating new original intellectual property.[27]
In September 2006, Nokia and EA announced a partnership in which EA becomes an exclusive major supplier of mobile games to Nokia mobile devices through the Nokia Content Discoverer. In the beginning, Nokia customers were able to download seven EA titles (Tetris, Tetris Mania, The Sims 2, Doom, FIFA 06, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 06 and FIFA Street 2) on the holiday season in 2006. Rick Simonson is the executive vice president and director of Nokia and starting from 2006 is affiliated with John Riccitiello and are partners.[28]
2007–2013[edit]
In February 2007, Probst stepped down from the CEO job while remaining on the Board of Directors. His handpicked successor is John Riccitiello, who had worked at EA for several years previously, departed for a while, and then returned.[29] Riccitiello previously worked for Elevation Partners, Sara Lee and PepsiCo. In June 2007, new CEO John Riccitiello announced that EA would reorganize itself into four labels, each with responsibility for its own product development and publishing (the city-state model). The goal of the reorganization was to empower the labels to operate more autonomously, streamline decision-making, increase creativity and quality, and get games into the market faster.[30] This reorganization came after years of consolidation and acquisition by EA of smaller studios, which some in the industry blamed for a decrease in quality of EA titles. In 2008, at the DICE Summit, Riccitiello called the earlier approach of "buy and assimilate" a mistake, often stripping smaller studios of its creative talent. Riccitiello said that the city-state model allows independent developers to remain autonomous to a large extent, and cited Maxis and BioWare as examples of studios thriving under the new structure.[31][32]
Also, in 2007, EA announced that it would be bringing some of its major titles to the Macintosh. EA has released Battlefield 2142, Command & Conquer: Tiberium Wars, Crysis, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Madden NFL 08, Need for Speed: Carbon and Spore for the Mac. All of the new games have been developed for the Macintosh using Cider, a technology developed by TransGaming that enables Intel-based Macs to run Windows games inside a translation layer running on Mac OS X. They are not playable on PowerPC-based Macs.[33]
In October 2007, EA purchased Super Computer International, a long-standing industry provider of game server hosting for development studios, who were currently developing the new Playlinc software. A week later they then purchased VG Holding Corp, the parent company of BioWare and Pandemic Studios.
It was revealed in February 2008 that Electronic Arts had made a takeover bid for rival game company Take-Two Interactive. After its initial offer of US$25 per share, all cash stock transaction offer was rejected by the Take-Two board, EA revised it to US$26 per share, a 64% premium over the previous day's closing price and made the offer known to the public.[34] Rumours had been floating around the Internet prior to the offer about Take-Two possibly being bought over by a bigger company, albeit with Viacom as the potential bidder.[35][36] In May 2008, EA announced that it will purchase the assets of Hands-On Mobile Korea, a South Korean mobile game developer and publisher. The company will become EA Mobile Korea.[37] In September 2008, EA dropped its buyout offer of Take-Two. No reason was given.[38]
As of November 6, 2008 it was confirmed that Electronic Arts is closing their Casual Label & merging it with their Hasbro partnership with The Sims Label.[39] EA also confirmed the departure of Kathy Vrabeck, who was given the position as former president of the EA Casual Division in May 2007. EA made this statement about the merger: "We've learned a lot about casual entertainment in the past two years, and found that casual gaming defies a single genre and demographic. With the retirement and departure of Kathy Vrabeck, EA is reorganizing to integrate casual games—development and marketing—into other divisions of our business. We are merging our Casual Studios, Hasbro partnership, and Casual marketing organization with The Sims Label to be a new Sims and Casual Label, where there is a deep compatibility in the product design, marketing and demographics. [...] In the days and weeks ahead, we will make further announcements on the reporting structure for the other businesses in the Casual Label including EA Mobile, Pogo, Media Sales and Online Casual Initiatives. Those businesses remain growth priorities for EA and deserve strong support in a group that will compliment their objectives."[40] This statement comes a week after EA announced it was laying off 6% about 600 of their staff positions and had a US$310 million net loss for the quarter.[41]
Due to the 2008 Economic Crisis, Electronic Arts had a poorer than expected 2008 holiday season, moving it in February 2009 to cut approximately 1100 jobs, which it said represented about 11% of its workforce. It also closed 12 of their facilities. Riccitiello, in a conference call with reporters, stated that their poor performance in the fourth quarter was not due entirely to the poor economy, but also to the fact that they did not release any blockbuster titles in the quarter. In the quarter ending December 31, 2008, the company lost US$641 million. As of early May 2009, the subsidiary studio EA Redwood Shores was known as Visceral Games.[42][43] On June 24, 2009, EA announced it will merge two of its development studios, BioWare and Mythic into one single role-playing video game and MMO development powerhouse. The move will actually place Mythic under control of BioWare as Ray Muzyka and Greg Zeschuk will be in direct control of the new entity.[44] By fall 2012, both Muzyka and Zeschuk had chosen to depart the merged entity in a joint retirement announcement.[45][46][47]
On November 9, 2009, EA announced its acquisition of social casual games developer Playfish for US$275 million.[48] On the same day, the company announced layoffs of 1500 employees, representing 17% of its workforce, across a number of studios including EA Tiburon, Visceral Games, Mythic and EA Black Box. Also affected were "projects and support activities" that, according to Chief Financial Officer Eric Brown "don't make economic sense",[49] resulting in the shutdown of popular communities such as Battlefield News at the Wayback Machine (archived January 12, 2006) and the EA Community Team at the Wayback Machine (archived February 5, 2009). These layoffs also led to the complete shutdown of Pandemic Studios.[50]

"Chillingo" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Chilango.
In October 2010, EA announced the acquisition of UK based iPhone and iPad games publisher Chillingo for US$20 million in cash. Chillingo published the popular Angry Birds for iOS and Cut the Rope for all platforms, but the deal did not include those properties,[51] so Cut the Rope became published by ZeptoLab, and Angry Birds became published by Rovio Entertainment.
2013–present[edit]
On March 18, 2013, John Riccitello announced that he would be stepping down as CEO and a member of the Board of Directors on March 30, 2013. Larry Probst was also appointed executive chairman on the same day.[52]
In April 2013, EA announced a reorganization which was to include dismissal of 10% of their workforce, consolidation of marketing functions which were distributed among the five label organizations, and subsumption of Origin operational leadership under the President of Labels.[53][54] In May 2013, EA announced that they had partnered with Disney to release Star Wars games from 2013 to 2023 exclusively. EA's subsidiaries including BioWare, DICE, Visceral Games, Motive Studios, Capital Games and external developer Respawn Entertainment, were responsible in creating new video games set in the Star Wars universe.[55][56] Andrew Wilson was appointed the CEO of EA.[57] In April 2015, EA announced that it would be shutting down various free-to-play games in July of that year, including Battlefield Heroes, Battlefield Play4Free, Need for Speed: World, and FIFA World.[58]
During E3 2015, vice president of the company, Patrick Söderlund, announced that the company will start investing more on smaller titles such as Unravel so as to broaden the company's portfolio.[59] On December 10, 2015, EA announced a new division called Competitive Gaming Division, which focuses on creating competitive game experience and organizing ESports events. It was once headed by Peter Moore.[60]
In May 2016, Electronic Arts announced that they had formed a new internal division called Frostbite Labs. The new department specializes in creating new projects for virtual reality platforms, and "virtual humans". The new department is located in Stockholm and Vancouver.[61]
Electronic Arts company structure[edit]
EA is headed by chairman Larry Probst and CEO Andrew Wilson. Many have attributed former CEO John Riccitiello's success in leading EA to his passion as a gamer.[62] Electronic Arts has four main labels (divisions), with numerous studios falling under each one.[63]
EA Games[edit]
Home to the largest number of studio and development teams, this label is responsible for action-adventure, role playing, racing and combat games, marketed under the EA brand. In addition to traditional packaged-goods games, EA Games also develops massively multiplayer online role-playing games. Led by Patrick Söderlund.[64]

Criterion Games
EA Digital Illusions CE (formerly Digital Illusions Creative Entertainment, DICE)

DICE Los Angeles


Ghost Games
Visceral Games (formerly EA Redwood Shores)
EA BioWare—focuses on creating multiplatform, role-playing, MMO and strategy games. Includes

BioWare Edmonton
BioWare Austin
BioWare Montreal


Motive Studios

EA Sports[edit]
Main article: EA Sports
Publishes all the realistic, casual, and freestyle sports-based titles from EA, including FIFA Football, Madden NFL, Fight Night, NBA Live, NCAA Football, Cricket, NCAA March Madness, Tiger Woods PGA Tour, NHL Hockey, NASCAR and Rugby. Led by Patrick Söderlund.[64]

EA Tiburon (Florida)
EA Canada (Burnaby)

EA Maxis[edit]
Main article: EA Maxis
Known for The Sims series, EA Maxis develops and markets life-simulation games and online communities. The label is headquartered at EA's campus in Redwood Shores. Maxis' original studio in Emeryville was closed in March 2015. The studio now sits under the leadership of the SVP of EA Mobile.[65] The label had previously been renamed EA Play.

Maxis Redwood Shores

The Sims Studio


Maxis Salt Lake
Maxis Melbourne
Maxis Helsinki

EA All Play[edit]
Includes original EA and partner franchises like The Simpsons, Tetris, SCRABBLE, MONOPOLY, World Series of Poker, Real Racing, Ultima, as well as online games for the Pogo.com online service.

PopCap Games
EA Mobile

SEED[edit]
The Search for Extraordinary Experiences Division (SEED) was revealed at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2017 as a technology research division and incubator, using tools like deep learning and neural networks to bring in player experiences and other external factors to help them with developing more immersive narratives and games.[66][67] SEED has offices in Los Angeles and Stockholm.[68]
Owned studios and partnership companies[edit]
Current[edit]

BioWare in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada and Montreal, Quebec, Canada and Austin, Texas and Galway, Ireland founded in February 1995, acquired October 2007 from Elevation Partners.
Chillingo in Macclesfield, United Kingdom
Criterion Games in Guildford, England, founded as Criterion Software in 1993, acquired in August 2004.
EA Baton Rouge (formerly North American Testing Center) in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, opened in September 2008.
EA Canada in Burnaby, British Columbia, started in January 1983.
EA Casual Entertainment
EA China in Shanghai, China
EA Deutschland in Cologne, Germany
EA DICE in Stockholm, Sweden, founded in 1992, acquired in 2005.
EA France in Lyon, France
EIS (European Integration Studio) in Madrid, Spain
EA India, Noida, India
EA Japan, Tokyo, Japan
EA Mobile Japan Studio, Tokyo, Japan
EA Brazil, São Paulo, Brazil
Spearhead in Seoul, South Korea, founded in 1998 as EA Korea.
DICE Los Angeles in Los Angeles, California, founded as DreamWorks Interactive LLC in 1995, acquired in 2000.
EA Romania in Bucharest, Romania, founded as JAMDAT Mobile Romania in 2005, acquired in 2006.
EA Russia in Moscow, Russia, translate in Russian
EA Mobile in Los Angeles, California
EA Montreal in Montreal, Quebec, Canada started in 2004.
EA San Francisco in Embarcadero, San Francisco
EA Salt Lake in Salt Lake City, Utah, founded as Headgate Studios, founded in 1992, acquired December 2006.
EA Singapore in Singapore
EA Sports made up of EA Canada in Burnaby, Canada and EA Tiburon Maitland, Florida, publisher of EA's sports franchise games
EA Tiburon in Maitland, Florida founded as Tiburon Entertainment in 1994, acquired in 1998.
Easy Studios in Stockholm, Sweden. Founded in 2008 developing PC games for EA's new Play4Free series.
Ghost Games in Gothenburg, Sweden, England, UK and Bucharest, Romania, founded as EA Gothenburg in 2011, rebranded in 2012.
Motive Studios in Montreal, Quebec, Canada started in 2015.
PopCap Games in Seattle, Washington acquired in 2011.
The Sims Studio in Redwood City, California founded in 2006.
Uprise (formerly ESN) in Uppsala, Sweden, founded in 2002, acquired in 2012.
Visceral Games in Redwood City, California, also has an office in Shanghai, China; founded as EA Redwood Shores in 1998.
Capital Games in Sacramento, California founded in 2008, specialised in creating mobile games.

Defunct[edit]

Original HQ in San Mateo, California, moved to Redwood City in 1998.
Origin Systems in Austin, Texas founded in 1983, acquired in 1992, closed in 2004.
Bullfrog Productions in Surrey, England, founded in 1987, acquired in 1995,[69] merged with EA UK and effectively closed in 2001.
EA Baltimore in Baltimore, Maryland, established in 1996 as part of Origin, closed in 2000
EA Seattle in Seattle, Washington, founded in 1982 as Manley & Associates, acquired January 29, 1996, closed in 2002
Maxis in Walnut Creek, California, founded in 1987, acquired in June 1997, folded into Redwood Shores (now Visceral Games) in 2004.
Westwood Studios in Las Vegas, Nevada, founded in 1987, acquired from Virgin Interactive Entertainment in August 1998, merged into EA Los Angeles in 2003.
EA Pacific (known for a time as Westwood Pacific) in Irvine, California, formerly part of Virgin Interactive, acquired with Westwood in 1998, closed in 2003
Kesmai (known also as GameStorm), founded in 1981, acquired in 1999, closed in 2001.
DICE Canada in London, Ontario, started in 1998, acquired DICE fully October 2, 2006; closed DICE Canada studio hours later.
EA UK in Chertsey, United Kingdom, moved to EA Bright Light in Guildford.
EA Chicago in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, founded in 1990 as NuFX, acquired in 2004, closed November 6, 2007.
Pandemic Studios in Los Angeles, California and Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, founded in 1998, acquired October 2007 from Elevation Partners, closed November 17, 2009.
EA Bright Light, in Guildford, Surrey, formerly EA UK, closed in 2011.
EA Black Box in Burnaby, Canada, founded in 1998, acquired in 2002, closed on April 2013.
EA Mobile Brazil in São Paulo, Brazil, closed in 2013.
EA Phenomic in Ingelheim, Germany, founded as Phenomic Game Development in 1997, acquired August 2006 and closed down in 2013.
Playfish in London, England, acquired in 2009, closed down in 2013.
Danger Close Games in Los Angeles, founded as DreamWorks Interactive, LLC. in 1995, acquired in 2000, renamed as EA Los Angeles and closed down in 2013.
EA North Carolina in Morrisville, North Carolina, closed in 2013[70]
Victory Games in Los Angeles, California, also has offices in Austin, Texas and Shanghai, China; founded in 2010 and closed down in 2013 as Danger Close.
Mythic Entertainment in Fairfax, Virginia, founded as Interworld Productions in 1995, acquired in June 2006 and closed down in May 2014.
Maxis in Emeryville, California, founded in 1987, acquired in July 1997, and closed down in March 2015.
Waystone was disbanded in November 2014.[71]

EA Partners program[edit]
The EA Partners co-publishing arm is dedicated to publishing and distributing games developed by third-party developers. Notable publishing/distribution agreements include:

Alice: Madness Returns – Spicy Horse
APB – Realtime Worlds
Brütal Legend – Double Fine Productions
Bulletstorm – Epic Games
Crysis series – Crytek
DeathSpank – Hothead Games
Fuse – Insomniac Games[72]
Hellgate: London – Flagship Studios
Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning – 38 Studios, Big Huge Games
Rock Band series – Harmonix and MTV Games
The Secret World – Funcom[73]
Shadows of the Damned – Grasshopper Manufacture
Shank series – Klei Entertainment
Syndicate – Starbreeze Studios
Titanfall series – Respawn Entertainment
Warp – Trapdoor

EA Originals program[edit]
 EA Originals is a program within Electronic Arts to help support independently-developed video games. The program was announced at EA's press event at the 2016 E3 Conference, and builds upon the success they had with Unravel in 2015. The first game to be supported under this program is Fe by Zoink Games, with plans for release in 2017.[74] It will be followed by Sea of Solitude and A Way Out.
Games by Electronic Arts[edit]
Main article: List of Electronic Arts games
Some of the most notable and popular games of video game history have been published by EA, and many of these are listed below. Though EA published these titles, they did not always develop them; some were developed by independent game development studios. EA developed their first internally developed game in 1987.

Pinball Construction Set (1983) by Bill Budge[75]
M.U.L.E. (1983) by Dan Bunten and Ozark Softscape
Archon: The Light and the Dark (1983) by Paul Reiche III and Free Fall Associates
The Bard's Tale (1985) by Interplay Productions
Skate or Die! (1987), EA's first internally developed title
Madden NFL series (1989–present)
Populous (1989) by Bullfrog which EA acquired in 1995
Wing Commander series (1992 onwards, previous games published in-house)
Desert Strike: Return to the Gulf (1992) by EA's High Score Production group
FIFA series (1993–present)
Dungeon Keeper series (titles from 1997 to 1999) by Bullfrog Productions
Ultima Online (1997) by Origin Systems
Command & Conquer series (titles from 1999 to 2013) by Westwood Studios (earlier titles released by Virgin Interactive)
SimCity series (titles from 1999–present) by Maxis (earlier titles released by other publishers)
Medal of Honor series (1999–2012)
Need for Speed series (1994–present)
James Bond series (1999–2005)
American McGee's Alice (2000)
The Sims series (2000–present) by Maxis (2000-2006, 2013–present) and The Sims Studio (2007-2012)
Battlefield series (2002–present) by EA Digital Illusions CE
Crysis series (2007–present) by Crytek
Rock Band series (2007–2010) by Harmonix
Spore series (2008–present) by Maxis
Army of Two series (2008–present) by EA Montreal
Dead Space series (2008–present) by Visceral Games
Mirror's Edge series (2008–present) by EA Digital Illusions CE
Dragon Age series (2009–present) by BioWare
Mass Effect series (starting with the PC release of the first game, the original Xbox 360 version was published by Microsoft) (2008–present)
Dante's Inferno (2010) by Visceral Games
Star Wars: The Old Republic (2011) by BioWare
EA Sports UFC (2014–present) by EA Canada
Star Wars Battlefront (2015) by EA Digital Illusions CE

Upcoming titles[edit]

Madden NFL 18 (PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
FIFA 18 (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One)
NBA Live 18 (PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Star Wars Battlefront II (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Need for Speed Payback (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
A Way Out (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Anthem (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Fe (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Sea of Solitude (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)

Controversies[edit]
Studio acquisition and management practices[edit]
See also: List of acquisitions by Electronic Arts
During its period of fastest growth, EA was often criticized for buying smaller development studios primarily for their intellectual property assets, and then producing drastically changed games of their franchises. For example, Origin-produced Ultima VIII: Pagan and Ultima IX: Ascension were developed quickly under EA's ownership, over the protests of Ultima creator Richard Garriott,[76] and these two are widely considered[77] to be sub-par compared to the rest of the series.[78][79]
In early 2008, CEO John Riccitiello acknowledged that this practice by EA was wrong and that the company now gives acquired studios greater autonomy without "meddling" in their corporate culture.[31]
In 2008, John D. Carmack of id Software said that EA is no longer the "Evil Empire"[80]

I'll admit that, if you asked me years ago, I still had thoughts that EA was the Evil Empire, the company that crushes the small studios...I'd have been surprised, if you told me a year ago that we'd end up with EA as a publisher. When we went out and talked to people, especially EA Partners people like Valve, we got almost uniformly positive responses from them.

Like other EA Partners, such as Harmonix/MTV Games, Carmack stressed that EA Partners deal "isn't really a publishing arrangement. Instead, they really offer a menu of services—Valve takes one set of things, Crytek takes a different set, and we're probably taking a third set".[80]
EA was criticized for shutting down some of its acquired studios after they released poorly performing games (for instance, Origin).[81] Though, in some of the cases, the shutdown was merely a reformation of teams working at different small studios into a single studio.[82][83] In the past, Magic Carpet 2 was rushed to completion over the objections of designer Peter Molyneux and it shipped during the holiday season with several major bugs. Studios such as Origin and Bullfrog Productions had previously produced games attracting significant fanbases. Many fans also became annoyed that their favorite developers were closed down, but some developers, for example the EALA studio, have stated that they try to carry on the legacy of the old studio (Westwood Studios). Once EA received criticism from labor groups for its dismissals of large groups of employees during the closure of a studio. However, later, it was confirmed that layoffs were not heavily confined to one team or another, countering early rumors that the teams were specifically targeted—countering the implication that the under performance of certain games might have been the catalyst.[84]
EA was once criticized for the acquisition of 19.9 percent of shares of its competitor Ubisoft, a move that Ubisoft's then spokesperson initially described as a "hostile act".[85] However, Ubisoft CEO Yves Guillemot later indicated that a merger with EA was a possibility, stating, "The first option for us is to manage our own company and grow it. The second option is to work with the movie industry, and the third is to merge."[86] However, in July 2010, EA elected to sell its reduced 15 percent share in Ubisoft.[87] That share equated to roughly €94 million (US$122 million).[88]
Treatment of employees[edit]
In 2004, Electronic Arts was criticized for employees working extraordinarily long hours—up to 100 hours per week—and not just at "crunch" times leading up to the scheduled releases of products. The publication of the EA Spouse blog, with criticisms such as "The current mandatory hours are 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.—seven days a week—with the occasional Saturday evening off for good behavior (at 6:30 PM)."[89] The company has since settled a class action lawsuit brought by game artists to compensate for unpaid overtime.[90] The class was awarded US$15.6 million. As a result, many of the lower-level developers (artists, programmers, producers, and designers) are now working at an hourly rate. A similar suit brought by programmers was settled for US$14.9 million.[91]
Since these criticisms first aired, it has been reported that EA has taken steps to address work-life balance concerns by focusing on long-term project planning, compensation, and communication with employees. These efforts accelerated with the arrival of John Riccitiello as CEO in February 2007. In December 2007, an internal EA employee survey showed a 13% increase in employee morale and a 21% increase in perception of management recognition over a three-year period.[92]
In May 2008, "EA Spouse" blog author Erin Hoffman, speaking to videogame industry news site Gamasutra, stated that EA had made significant progress, but may now be falling into old patterns again. Hoffman said that "I think EA is tremendously reformed, having made some real strong efforts to get the right people into their human resources department", and "I've been hearing from people who have gotten overtime pay there and I think that makes a great deal of difference. In fact, I've actually recommended to a few people I know to apply for jobs there", but she also said she has begun to hear "horror stories" once again.[93]
Game quality[edit]
For 2006, the games review aggregation site Metacritic gives the average of EA games as 72.0 (out of 100); 2.5 points behind Nintendo (74.5) but ahead of the other first-party publishers Microsoft (71.6) and Sony (71.2). The closest third-party publisher is Take-Two Interactive (publishing as 2K Games and Rockstar Games) at 70.3. The remaining top 10 publishers (Sega, THQ, Ubisoft, Activision, Square Enix) all rate in the mid 60s. Since 2005, EA has published eight games that received "Universal Acclaim" in at least one platform (Metacritic score 90 or greater): Battlefield 2, Crysis, Rock Band, FIFA 12, FIFA 13, Mass Effect 2, Mass Effect 3, and Dragon Age: Origins.
EA's aggregate review performance had shown a downward trend in quality over recent years and was expected to affect market shares during competitive seasons. Pacific Crest Securities analyst Evan Wilson had said, "Poor reviews and quality are beginning to tarnish the EA brand. According to our ongoing survey of GameRankings.com aggregated review data, Electronic Arts' overall game quality continues to fall... Although market share has not declined dramatically to date, in years such as 2007, which promises to have tremendous competition, it seems likely if quality does not improve."[94][95]
EA had also received criticism for developing games that lack innovation vis-à-vis the number of gaming titles produced under the EA brand that show a history of yearly updates, particularly in their sporting franchises. These typically retail as new games at full market price and feature only updated team rosters in addition to incremental changes to game mechanics, the user interface, and graphics. One critique compared EA to companies like Ubisoft and concluded that EA's innovation in new and old IPs "Crawls along at a snail's pace,"[96] while even the company's own CEO, John Riccitiello, acknowledged the lack of innovation seen in the industry generally, saying, "We're boring people to death and making games that are harder and harder to play. For the most part, the industry has been rinse-and-repeat. There's been lots of product that looked like last year's product, that looked a lot like the year before." EA has announced that it is turning its attention to creating new game IPs in order to stem this trend, with recently acquired and critically acclaimed studios BioWare and Pandemic would be contributing to this process.[97][98] In 2012, EA’s games were ranked highest of all large publishers in the industry, according to Metacritic.[99]
On December 19, 2013, EA was hit with a class action lawsuit over the bugs in the Battlefield 4 DLC. EA issued a statement regarding the various issues and bugs of the game and promised players that these issues would be fixed before the launch of the next generation consoles. This was not the case as players on both the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One had the same problems. The problems were so severe that they made certain parts of the game unplayable due to campaign save files being corrupted and players being unable to start or join multiplayer servers. Players expressed their outrage on the forums of Battlelog, EA Answers HQ and social news sites such as Reddit.[100] EA DICE responded by apologizing for the bugs and promising that they would halt all production of the release of new DLC packages until they fixed the various problems.
Sports licensing and exclusivity[edit]
On June 5, 2008, a lawsuit was filed in Oakland, California alleging Electronic Arts is breaking United States anti-trust laws by signing exclusive contracts with the NFL Players Association, the NCAA and Arena Football League, to use players' names, likenesses and team logos. This keeps other companies from being able to sign the same agreements. The suit further accuses EA of raising the price of games associated with these licenses as a result of this action.[101] In an interview with GameTap, Peter Moore said it was the NFL that sought the deal. "To be clear, the NFL was the entity that wanted the exclusive relationship. EA bid, as did a number of other companies, for the exclusive relationship", Moore said. "It wasn't on our behest that this went exclusive... We bid and we were very fortunate and lucky and delighted to be the winning licensee."[102] While EA argued the player's likenesses was incidentally used, this was rejected by the United States Courts of Appeals in 2015.[103] A further appeal to the US Supreme Court was unsuccessful.[104] In June 2016, EA settled with Jim Brown for $600,000.[105]
On September 26, 2013, EA settled a series of wide-ranging class action lawsuits filed by former NCAA players accusing EA and others of unauthorized use of player likenesses in their football and basketball games. EA settled the lawsuit for an undisclosed amount.[106][107] The settlement is reported to be around $40 million, to be paid to between 200,000 and 300,000 players.[108]
EULA and DRM[edit]
In the September 2008 release of EA's game Spore it was revealed that the DRM scheme included a program called SecuROM and a lifetime machine-activation limit of three (3) instances. A huge public outcry over this DRM scheme broke out over the Internet and swarmed Amazon.com with one-star ratings and critical reviews of the game in order to get EA to "pay attention to their consumers".[109] This DRM scheme, which was intended to hinder the efforts of infringers to illegally use and distribute EA software, instead mainly affected paying customers, as the game itself was copied and distributed well before release.[110] On September 13, 2008, it was announced (by TorrentFreak's statistics) that Spore was the most torrented game ever with over half a million illegal downloads within the first week of release.[111] In response to customer reaction, EA officially announced its release of upcoming Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3 would increase the installation limit to 5 rather than 3.[112]
On September 22, 2008, a global class action lawsuit was filed against EA regarding the DRM in Spore, complaining about EA not disclosing the existence of SecuROM in the game manual, and addressing how SecuROM runs with the nature of a rootkit, including how it remains on the hard drive even after Spore is uninstalled.[113][114][115] On October 14, 2008, a similar class action lawsuit was filed against EA for the inclusion of DRM software in the free demo version of the Creature Creator.[116]
On March 31, 2009, EA released a "De-Authorization Management Tool" that allows customers who have installed games containing the SecuROM activation scheme to "de-authorize" a computer, freeing up one of the five machine "slots" to be used on another machine.[117]
On June 24, 2009, EA announced a change in its approach to preventing copyright infringement of PC games. While eliminating the DRM that uniquely identifies a machine, the plan described a replacement with a traditional CD-key check. With an emphasis on downloaded content, the plan moved toward software as a service.[118] In 2013, EA received criticism regarding its persistent online authentication system as implemented in the SimCity reboot.[119][120]
Advertising[edit]
In 2009, EA arranged a fake protest outside the Electronic Entertainment Expo to draw attention to the game Dante's Inferno.[121] Ostensibly Christian protestors bore placards objecting to the game's themes involving hell and damnation, and it was not clear until several days later that the event had been staged. Several Christian bloggers criticized the event for perpetuating negative stereotypes about Christians.
A 2011 advertising campaign for Dead Space 2 featured older women reacting negatively to the game with the campaign slogan "Your mom hates Dead Space 2". Two hundred women had been selected for their conservative values and lack of familiarity with video games, and their reactions to a screening of the game were featured in EA's web and TV advertisements.[122] The campaign was at first admired, but soon described as sexist and ageist, with some claiming that it was reinforcing outdated stereotypes against female and older gamers.[123][124][125][126] As of 2010, 40% of video game players were women and the average game player was 34 years old.[127]
On February 24, 2011, the Extra Credits team (at the time on The Escapist) published the episode "An Open Letter to EA Marketing", denouncing Electronic Arts' marketing decisions for the Dante's Inferno, Medal of Honor and Dead Space 2 releases. They argue that EA's decisions to hire fake protesters and market games solely on shock value, while neglecting to defend the Medal of Honor on a First Amendment basis for letting the player play as the Taliban, have been hurtful to the gaming industry. They also argue that the advertisements are counterproductive to Electronic Arts' wishes to elevate games to an art medium as demonstrated in the 1980s Electronic Arts ad 'Can a Computer Make You Cry?'.[128][129]
Mass Effect 3's ending was poorly received by both critics and fans due to the inconsistencies between statements by BioWare staff during the game's development and the form the endings ultimately took.[130][131][132][133] Displeased by the ending, one player took his complaint to the Federal Trade Commission, the agency created to protect consumers. His argument was that BioWare did not deliver on the promise of its game, saying the end product did not match with the advertising campaign and PR interviews for the game.[134] The U.S. Better Business Bureau also responded to the controversy, supporting claims by fans that BioWare falsely advertised the player's "complete" control over the game's final outcome.[135][136] The UK's Advertising Standards Authority disagreed, ruling that EA and BioWare were not guilty of false advertisement since the endings were "thematically quite different", and the choices and readiness rating reflected in the ending content were significant enough to avoid actionable misleading of consumers under existing law.[137]
According to a Reddit administrator and a former moderator of the subreddit devoted to the 2015 Star Wars Battlefront, moderators removed posts critical of the game at the direction of EA personnel in exchange for pre-release access to the game.[138]
LGBT controversies[edit]
See also: Gender representation in video games § Portrayal of LGBT characters
EA has been noted for its inclusion of LGBT characters in games, and was among the companies given a perfect LGBT workplace score by the Human Rights Campaign in 2014.[139]
The positive portrayals of LGBT characters in games by EA subsidiary BioWare have motivated fan support and also backlash.[140] Several employees involved in Dragon Age II received hate mail and threats following its release.[140][141] BioWare lead writer David Gaider responded to a fan upset by the game's bisexual romances, denying the fan's ability to speak for all straight male gamers and writing, "the person who says that the only way to please them is to restrict options for others is, if you ask me, the one who deserves it least."[142]
Over the years from 2006 through 2012, various quotes both truly and falsely attributed to BioWare writer Jennifer Hepler were circulated online by fans who considered her emblematic of their complaints.[143] After one quote from a 2006 interview was used to link Hepler with unpopular changes to Dragon Age II's combat systems, Hepler was harassed by telephone and online.[141] The issue tapped into longstanding discontent over games being simplified to appeal to broader audiences.[143] Backlash was also related to Hepler's writing for Anders, the character that prompted the "straight male gamer" complaint.[143][144] According to Susana Polo in The Mary Sue, Hepler's gender may have intensified the harassment she experienced, but it was more directly the result of her being scapegoated for EA's pivot towards casual gamers.[144]
EA refused to abandon plans to add gay romances to Star Wars: The Old Republic that were opposed by the Family Research Council.[145] An online petition gathered more than 60,000 signatures in support of EA's decision before the petition became compromised by automated spam signatures.[146] The automated signatures were discovered by Reddit and 4chan users, who accused EA of using the issue to link broader criticism of EA with homophobia.[146] When eventually added to the game, the same-sex romances were ridiculed for being confined to a single "gay planet".[147]
The Consumerist rating as "Worst Company in America"[edit]
In April 2012, The Consumerist awarded EA with the title of "Worst Company in America" along with a ceremonial Golden Poo trophy.[148] The record-breaking poll drew in more than 250,000 votes and saw EA beating out such regulars as AT&T and Walmart. The final round of voting pitted EA against Bank of America. EA won with 50,575 votes or 64.03%.[149] This result came in the aftermath of the Mass Effect 3 ending controversy which several commentators viewed as a significant contribution to EA's win in the poll.[149][150] Other explanations include use of day-one DLC and EA's habit of acquiring smaller developers to squash competition.[151] EA spokesman John Reseburg responded to the poll by saying, "We're sure that bank presidents, oil, tobacco and weapons companies are all relieved they weren't on the list this year. We're going to continue making award-winning games and services played by more than 300 million people worldwide."[152][153]
In April 2013, EA won The Consumerist's poll for "Worst Company in America" a second time, consecutively, becoming the first company to do so. Games mentioned in the announcement included the critically controversial Mass Effect 3 for its ending, Dead Space 3 for its use of micro transactions, and the more recent SimCity reboot due to its poorly handled launch. Additionally, poor customer support, "nickel and diming", and public dismissiveness of criticisms were also given as explanations for the results of the poll. The Consumerist summarized the results by asking, "When we live in an era marked by massive oil spills, faulty foreclosures by bad banks, and rampant consolidation in the airline and telecom industry, what does it say about EA’s business practices that so many people have — for the second year in a row — come out to hand it the title of Worst Company in America?"[154]
When asked about the poll by VentureBeat, Frank Gibeau, President of EA Labels, responded "we take it seriously, and want to see it change. In the last few months, we have started making changes to the business practices that gamers clearly don’t like."[155] Gibeau attributes the elimination of online passes, the decision to make The Sims 4 a single-player, offline experience, as well as the unveiling of more new games to the shift in thinking. "The point is we are listening, and we are changing," Gibeau said.[155]
Dungeon Keeper Mobile app store vote manipulation[edit]
In 2013, EA released Dungeon Keeper Mobile, a free-to-play mobile variant of the popular 1990's strategy game Dungeon Keeper. The game was poorly received by both game critics and users. Critics noted that an in-game prompt claimed that "5-star ratings from you help us provide free updates!", suggesting that the games' creators would stop providing new content if players did not give the game sufficiently high ratings. The rating system involved a redirect process to the mobile storefront on which the game was sold; it was also pointed out that if players rated the game anything less than 5 stars, the game would not redirect them and not actually cast their vote, never indicating this to the user. This led to accusations of EA fraudulently manipulating the game's rating system and its subsequent score on mobile storefronts.[156]
In June 2014, Electronic Arts CEO Andrew Wilson made a public apology for the game, stating that it was a "shame" that he regretted.[157]
In July 2014, the UK-based Advertising Standards Authority banned a Dungeon Keeper Mobile ad from broadcast, stating that the advertisement "deliberately misled consumers" and made false statements about the game's pricing and free-to-play nature.[158] Later that same month Frank Gibeau, head of EA's mobile division, stated that the game's failure was attributed to audiences "not being ready" and that the game "innovated too much". These remarks resulted in backlash from game journalist media and users alike.[159]
See also[edit]


San Francisco Bay Area portal
Companies portal



History of video games
List of Electronic Arts games

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Electronic Arts Inc. Fiscal Year 2016 Proxy Statement and Annual Report" (PDF). Electronic Arts. Archived (PDF) from the original on March 26, 2017. Retrieved March 25, 2017. 
^ Grub, Jeff (April 20, 2015). "Gaming’s top 25 public companies generated $54.1B in revenue last year". VentureBeat. Archived from the original on April 5, 2016. Retrieved March 23, 2016. 
^ Davison, Pete. "E3: EA's Press Conference: The Round-Up". GamePro. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. 
^ "About Us | Locations". Electronic Arts. Archived from the original on August 19, 2011. 
^ Curtis, Tom. "EA reorganizes after a landmark $1B digital year". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. 
^ Totilo, Stephen. "This is What EA’s Up To (On the Day Zynga Hired One of Their Top Guys)". Kotaku. Archived from the original on January 5, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2017. 
^ "EA.com Acquires Leading Games Destination pogo.com". GameZone. February 28, 2001. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Schonfeld, Erick (November 9, 2009). "Not Playing Around. EA Buys Playfish For $300 Million, Plus a $100 Million Earnout". TechCrunch. Archived from the original on September 25, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Wingfield, Nick (June 3, 2011). "EA to Test Its Might Online". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "EA to Acquire NFS world hack". Archived from the original on August 19, 2014. 
^ Curtis, Tom. "EA reorganizes after a landmark $1B digital year". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2017. 
^ "Electronic Arts entry". Sequoiacap.com. Archived from the original on March 8, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Keefer, John (March 31, 2006). "GameSpy Retro: Developer Origins". GameSpy. Archived from the original on May 31, 2009. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Fleming, Jeffrey (February 12, 2007). "We See Farther - A History of Electronic Arts". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution By Steven Levy, page 335
^ a b "EA Studios: The 32-Bit Generation". Next Generation. Imagine Media (11): 97–99. November 1995. 
^ a b "The History of the Pinball Construction Set: Launching Millions of Creative Possibilities". Gamasutra.com. Archived from the original on March 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Jimmy Maher: The Future was Here, a book published by MIT press, 2012
^ "Electronic Arts Inks Pact With Nintendo". Computer Gaming World. May 1990. p. 50. Archived from the original on December 3, 2013. Retrieved November 16, 2013. 
^ "PlayStation Dominates European Show". Next Generation. Imagine Media (6): 15. June 1995. 
^ "EA Redwood Shores". Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. 
^ "Electronic Arts cuts staff by 5 percent". GameSpot. Archived from the original on April 1, 2014. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Electronic Arts To Acquire Mythic Entertainment". Gamasutra.com. June 20, 2006. Archived from the original on February 14, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Surette, Tim (December 13, 2004). "Big Deal: EA and NFL ink exclusive licensing agreement". GameSpot. Archived from the original on November 13, 2014. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "All Madden, all the time". ESPN. December 14, 2004. Archived from the original on December 7, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA Puts it "In the Game"". Archive.gamespy.com. Archived from the original on March 20, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA moves towards new IPs". Gamesindustry.biz. November 30, 2006. Archived from the original on July 21, 2007. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA to Supply Games for Nokia Mobile Devices | Game Guru". Gameguru.in. September 14, 2006. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ Crecente, Brian (December 8, 2014). "Larry Probst, Electronic Arts' Executive Chairman, Steps Down from Company and Remains on Board". Polygon. Archived from the original on September 24, 2015. Retrieved August 6, 2015. 
^ "EA Announces New Company Structure". Gamasutra.com. June 18, 2007. Archived from the original on February 14, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Kohler, Chris (February 8, 2008). "EA's CEO: How I Learned To Acquire Developers And Not *** Them Up". Blog.wired.com. Archived from the original on April 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Schiesel, Seth (February 19, 2008). "A Company Looks to Its Creative Side to Regain What It Had Lost". The New York Times. Archived from the original on May 12, 2011. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ "EA ships four Mac games". MacWorld. March 17, 2009. Archived from the original on November 11, 2015. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Terdiman, Daniel (February 24, 2008). "EA tries to buy Take-Two to keep its top spot". CNET. Archived from the original on September 23, 2015. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ McWhertor, Michael (December 20, 2007). "Take-two Interactive: Analyst "Convinced" That Take-Two Will Be Swallowed". Kotaku. Archived from the original on December 23, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Dinsey, Stuart (February 7, 2008). "Viacom to buy Take Two for $1.5 billion?". MCVUK. Archived from the original on September 11, 2014. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Electronic Arts to acquire Korean mobile developer". Associated Press. May 22, 2008. Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "Electronic Arts drops buyout bid for rival". CTV News. Archived from the original on June 28, 2012. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Crecente, Brian (November 6, 2008). "Electronic Arts: Electronic Arts Ditches Casual Label, Merges It With The Sims". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on March 19, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Crecente, Brian (October 30, 2008). "Electronic Arts: Electronic Arts Lays Off Six Hundred". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on April 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ McWhertor, Michael (October 30, 2008). "Things Are Tough All Over: EA Loses $310 million, Sees "Weakness At Retail" In October". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on December 19, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Wolverton, Troy (February 3, 2009). "Electronic Arts has lousy quarter; slashes 1,100 jobs". The Mercury News. Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. Retrieved May 2, 2009. 
^ "EA loss widens after weak holiday season". The Orlando Sentinel. Associated Press. February 4, 2009. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved May 2, 2009. 
^ Webster, Andrew (June 24, 2009). "EA combines BioWare and Mythic into new RPG/MMO group". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on June 25, 2009. Retrieved June 25, 2009. 
^ BioWare Community Team (September 18, 2012). "RAY MUZYKA & GREG ZESCHUK RETIRE". BioWare. Archived from the original on August 24, 2013. Retrieved September 6, 2013. 
^ Muzyka, Ray (September 18, 2012). "FROM RAY MUZYKA". BioWare. Archived from the original on March 21, 2015. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Zeschuk, Greg (September 18, 2012). "FROM GREG ZESCHUK". BioWare. Archived from the original on March 21, 2015. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Yukari Iwatani, Kane (November 9, 2009). "EA to Acquire Playfish for $275 million". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved November 9, 2009. 
^ "Electronic Arts posts loss, to cut jobs". Reuters. November 9, 2009. Archived from the original on May 14, 2012. Retrieved November 9, 2009. 
^ Crecente, Brian. "Confirmed: EA Closes Pandemic Studios, Says Brand Will Live On". Archived from the original on November 19, 2009. Retrieved November 17, 2009. 
^ "EA buys Angry Birds publisher Chillingo". LA times. October 20, 2010. Archived from the original on October 23, 2010. Retrieved October 21, 2010. 
^ "Electronic Arts Announces Change in Executive Leadership". Electronic Arts. Archived from the original on March 19, 2013. Retrieved March 18, 2013. 
^ Cutler, Kim-Mai (April 25, 2013). "Here’s EA’s Internal Memo On The Layoffs Today". TechCrunch. AOL. Archived from the original on May 4, 2013. Retrieved May 8, 2013. 
^ Paczkowski, John (May 9, 2013). "EA Reboot Cost 900 Jobs". All Things Digital. Dow Jones. Archived from the original on May 13, 2013. Retrieved May 8, 2013. 
^ Sarker, Samit (May 6, 2013). "EA and Disney sign exclusive deal for rights to Star Wars games". Polygon. Archived from the original on April 27, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ Machkovech, Sam (May 5, 2015). "Respawn has been working on a Star Wars action-adventure game for two years". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on May 5, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ "Andrew Wilson named EA CEO". Gamespot. Archived from the original on October 23, 2013. Retrieved September 18, 2013. 
^ Handrahan, Matthew. "EA is closing two-thirds of its core free-to-play games". gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on May 11, 2015. Retrieved May 10, 2015. 
^ Futter, Mike (June 16, 2015). "EA's Future Includes More Smaller Games Like Unravel". Game Informer. Archived from the original on June 20, 2015. Retrieved June 16, 2015. 
^ Pereira, Chris (December 10, 2015). "EA Launching Its Own Competitive Gaming Division Headed by Peter Moore". GameSpot. Archived from the original on December 13, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Makuch, Eddie (May 17, 2016). "EA Forms New Team to Explore Future Tech, Including Virtual Humans for VR". GameSpot. Archived from the original on May 21, 2016. Retrieved May 18, 2016. 
^ Totilo, Stephen. "The Unexpected Gamer Who Runs EA". Kotaku. Archived from the original on June 24, 2010. 
^ "EDGAR Online via Yahoo! Finance, Electronic Arts FY 2008 10K Filing". Yahoo.brand.edgar-online.com. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b "EA restructuring corporate positions, Patrick Söderlund to take over as head of EA Sports". VG247.com. Archived from the original on November 3, 2013. 
^ "The Sims Boss Lucy Bradshaw Leaves EA After 23 Years". GameSpot. Archived from the original on September 25, 2015. Retrieved May 19, 2016. 
^ Hall, Charlie (June 10, 2017). "SEED is a stealthy, high-tech incubator inside EA". Polygon. Archived from the original on June 10, 2017. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ Davidson, John (June 10, 2017). "EA Boss Andrew Wilson's Vision of Gaming's Future Will Blow Your Mind". Glixel. Archived from the original on June 12, 2017. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ Kerr, Chris (June 12, 2017). "EA opens 'SEED' game tech research division". Gamasutra. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ "1995: The Calm Before the Storm?". Next Generation. Imagine Media (13): 38. January 1996. 
^ Davis, Ian (September 27, 2013). "Exclusive: EA Shutters North Carolina Studio". The Escapist. Archived from the original on December 6, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Futter, Mike (November 4, 2014). "EA Terminates Development Of MOBA Dawngate, Service Ends In 90 Days". Game Informer. Archived from the original on October 8, 2016. 
^ "EA Partners signs new Insomniac game | Games Industry | MCV". Mcvuk.com. May 25, 2010. Archived from the original on May 11, 2011. Retrieved March 19, 2011. 
^ "Funcom and Electronic Arts to co-publish ‘The Secret World’ MMO – The Secret World Official Forums". Darkdemonscrygaia.com. January 10, 2011. Archived from the original on May 11, 2011. Retrieved March 19, 2011. 
^ Fahey, Mike (June 12, 2016). "EA Originals Gives Big Support To Small Games". Kotaku. Archived from the original on June 12, 2016. Retrieved June 12, 2016. 
^ Ashcraft, Brian (January 8, 2008). "2008 Tech Emmy Winners". Kotaku. Archived from the original on September 29, 2012. Retrieved August 30, 2012. In 2008, Pinball Construction Set was awarded at the 59th Annual Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards for User Generated Content/Game Modification 
^ Massey, Dana (October 11, 2005). ""The Conquest of Origin", page 2". Escapistmagazine.com. Archived from the original on February 12, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Many believe Ultima IX was unfairly maligned because of rushed development schedule". Pc.gamespy.com. May 7, 2004. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Ultima VIII received poorly by fans". Gamefaqs.com. Archived from the original on June 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Ultima IX received poorly by fans". Gamefaqs.com. Archived from the original on April 18, 2010. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Thorsen, Tor (July 15, 2008). "E3 2008: Video Q&A: Carmack on 'one-game' id-EA deal". GameSpot. CBS Interactive. Archived from the original on August 15, 2011. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Zealot, Funky (February 25, 2004). "EA to Shut Down Origin Systems". GamePro. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Matei, Robert (October 17, 2006). "EA Closes Down Warrington Studio – Another development studio shut down". Softpedia. Archived from the original on June 9, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Sinclair, Brendan (October 6, 2006). "EA shuts down DICE Canada". GameSpot. Archived from the original on March 29, 2014. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Nutt, Christian (January 26, 2005). "Layoffs and Restructuring at EA LA". 1UP.com. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Electronic Arts buys stake in Ubisoft in "hostile" act". Gamespot. Archived from the original on January 17, 2016. 
^ Miller, Ross (May 29, 2007). "Ubisoft president 'still considering' EA acquisition". Joystiq. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Makuch, Eddie (July 16, 2010). "Electronic Arts sells its stake in Ubisoft". GameSpot. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Electronic Arts Sells 15% Stake In France's Ubisoft". The Glass Garden. July 16, 2010. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "The original ea_spouse blog entry". LiveJournal. Archived from the original on February 15, 2016. 
^ Feldman, Curt (November 11, 2004). "Employees readying class-action lawsuit against EA". Gamespot.com. Archived from the original on November 13, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Programmers Win EA Overtime Settlement, EA_Spouse Revealed". Gamasutra.com. Archived from the original on April 29, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "'Big corporation' does a turnaround". Archived from the original on July 23, 2012. Retrieved August 29, 2012. 
^ "'EA_Spouse' Hoffman: Quality Of Life Still Issue, Despite EA Improvement". Gamasutra.com. May 13, 2008. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Sinclair, Brendan (November 30, 2006). "Analyst: EA brand tarnished". Gamespot.com. Archived from the original on October 18, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Reimer, Jeremy (December 1, 2006). "EA brand "tarnished" according to analyst". Arstechnica.com. Archived from the original on October 20, 2012. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA innovation crawls along at "snail's pace"". Gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on January 22, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA CEO John Riccitiello: More innovation is needed in videogames". Gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on January 22, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "BioWare/Pandemic deal goes through". Archived from the original on September 21, 2012. Retrieved August 29, 2012. 
^ Dietz, Jason. "Metacritic's 3rd Annual Game Publisher Rankings". metacritic.com. Archived from the original on May 8, 2013. 
^ "EA Class-Action Lawsuit: 'Battlefield 4' Bugs And 'BF4' DLC Problems Trigger Suit; Electronic Arts Denies Wrongdoing". Archived from the original on December 23, 2013. 
^ "Anti-trust lawsuit over exclusive license contracts" (PDF). Archived (PDF) from the original on May 10, 2011. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ Kuchera, Ben (June 12, 2008). "Lawsuit flags EA for illegal procedure on football monopoly". Arstechnica. Archived from the original on October 1, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Kravets, David (January 6, 2015). "NFL players win appeals court ruling in EA Madden NFL flap". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on July 10, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ Kravets, David (March 21, 2016). "Supreme Court punts in 1st Amendment Madden NFL legal fight". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on July 7, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ Kravets, David (June 28, 2016). "EA punts, gives $600k to former football star in Madden NFL rights flap". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on June 28, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ "EA Sports settles suits, thousands of players eligible for money". Archived from the original on September 27, 2013. 
^ Eder, Steve (September 26, 2013). "E.A. Sports Settles Lawsuit With College Athletes". The New York Times. Archived from the original on February 19, 2017. 
^ Rovell, Darren (September 28, 2013). "Players to receive $40 million". ESPN. Archived from the original on July 21, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ "Copyright row dogs Spore release". BBC News. September 10, 2008. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Spore's Piracy Problem". Forbes. September 12, 2008. Archived from the original on November 7, 2008. Retrieved November 18, 2008. 
^ Ernesto (September 13, 2008). "Spore: Most Pirated Game Ever Thanks to DRM". TorrentFreak. Archived from the original on September 15, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "EA Sticking With SecuROM (Though Red Alert 3's Will Go A Little Easier On You)". Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "A copy of the Spore complaint filed" (PDF). CourtHouseNews.com. Archived (PDF) from the original on January 17, 2016. 
^ Faylor, Chris (September 24, 2008). "Spore DRM Prompts $5M Class Action Lawsuit". ShackNews. Archived from the original on September 25, 2008. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ Fahey, Mike (September 24, 2008). "Class Action Lawsuit Arises Over Spore DRM". Kotaku. Archived from the original on September 27, 2008. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ "Spore Creature Creator Demo prompts class action". Archived from the original on December 10, 2008. 
^ "EA Releases DRM License Deactivation Tool". slashdot.org. March 31, 2009. Archived from the original on April 21, 2009. Retrieved April 3, 2009. 
^ "EA's new motto: please pirate our games... er, storefronts". Ars Technica. June 24, 2009. Archived from the original on June 25, 2009. Retrieved June 25, 2009. 
^ "We are the SimCity dev team from Maxis. AMAA!". Maxis. Archived from the original on December 18, 2012. Retrieved December 24, 2012. 
^ "Cloud Computing is Why the New SimCity Needs an Always-On Connection, Studio Says". Kotaku. December 26, 2012. Archived from the original on December 30, 2012. Retrieved December 27, 2012. 
^ Pigna, Kris (June 13, 2009). "EA's Fake Dante's Inferno Protest Spurs Real Christian Backlash". 1UP.com. [permanent dead link]
^ Benedetti, Winda. "Your Mama Plays 'Dead Space 2'". Archived from the original on January 25, 2011. 
^ Glen M. "Shame on EA". Archived from the original on January 26, 2011. 
^ Tilley, Steve. "Dead Space 2 overcomes familiarity factor". Archived from the original on February 1, 2011. 
^ Tassi, Paul (January 24, 2011). "EA Using Mom’s Disapproval to Sell Dead Space 2". Forbes. Archived from the original on February 2, 2011. 
^ Williams, Mary Elizabeth. ""Dead Space 2": Your mom doesn't want you to play this video game". Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "Essential Facts About The Computer And Video Game Industry" (PDF). Entertainment Software Association. Archived (PDF) from the original on November 26, 2015. 
^ Electronic Arts. "Electronic Arts: Can a Computer Make You Cry?". Archived from the original on July 18, 2010. 
^ Extra Credits. "Extra Credits: An Open Letter to EA Marketing". Archived from the original on January 4, 2012. 
^ Hornshaw, Phil (March 9, 2012). "Player Starts Poll Asking BioWare for New Mass Effect 3 Ending". GameFront. Archived from the original on March 13, 2012. Retrieved March 10, 2012. 
^ Sterling, Jim (March 10, 2012). "Mass Effect 3 fans petition BioWare to change the ending". Destructoid. Archived from the original on March 14, 2012. Retrieved March 10, 2012. 
^ Langshaw, Mark (March 11, 2012). "'Mass Effect 3' fans campaign to change ending". Digital Spy. Archived from the original on March 16, 2012. Retrieved March 11, 2012. 
^ Molina, Brett (March 19, 2012). "BioWare: No decision yet on 'Mass Effect 3' ending". USA Today. Archived from the original on March 21, 2012. Retrieved March 19, 2012. 
^ Gregory, Jon (March 17, 2012). "Mass Effect 3 Ending Fighter Goes To The FTC - News". www.GameInformer.com. Archived from the original on April 19, 2012. Retrieved April 22, 2012. 
^ "Better Business Bureau Says BioWare Falsely Advertised Mass Effect 3 - Softpedia". Softpedia. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. Retrieved April 13, 2012. 
^ "Mass Effect 3 falsely advertised, says BBB - GameSpot.com". GameSpot. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. Retrieved April 13, 2012. 
^ "BioWare and EA cleared of ME3 advertising kerfuffle". ScrewAttack.com. Retrieved August 15, 2012. 
^ Lemon, Marshall (November 13, 2015). "EA Rep May Have Influenced Reddit Mods To Censor Battlefront Critics". The Escapist. Archived from the original on November 17, 2015. 
^ Farokhmanesh, Megan (November 26, 2014). "EA scores top marks for LGBT equability in the workplace". Polygon. Archived from the original on January 5, 2016. 
^ a b "BioWare writer received death threats to family". Metro. August 16, 2013. Archived from the original on February 20, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Crecente, Brian (August 15, 2013). "Plague of game dev harassment erodes industry, spurs support groups". Polygon. Archived from the original on November 30, 2015. 
^ Fahey, Mike (March 24, 2011). "Dragon Age II Writer Eloquently Defends The Game's Sexuality Balance". Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b c Griffiths, Daniel Nye (February 21, 2012). "The Changing Face of Games: Feeling Angry and Ignored, Fans Look for Someone to Blame". Forbes. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Polo, Susana (February 20, 2012). "Inclusion: What Jennifer Hepler’s Story is All About". Archived from the original on February 21, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Chalk, Andy (January 27, 2012). "Family Research Council Warns of Gay Relationships in The Old Republic". The Escapist. Archived from the original on March 11, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Serrels, Mark (April 11, 2012). "Star Wars: The Old Republic Petition Attacked By Hackers, Temporarily Shut Down". Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Hamilton, Mary (January 25, 2013). "Star Wars: The Old Republic, the gay planet and the problem of the straight male gaze". The Guardian. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Morran, Chris (April 4, 2012). "The Voters Have Spoken: EA Is Your Worst Company In America For 2012!". Consumerist. Archived from the original on August 7, 2012. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ a b Gaudiosi, John (April 7, 2012). "Electronic Arts Named Worst Company in America". The Hollywood Reporter. Archived from the original on May 11, 2012. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (April 8, 2012). "EA, named America's worst company, tries to make amends". CNET. CBS Interactive. Archived from the original on February 21, 2014. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Tiffany (April 4, 2012). "Electronic Arts: 'Worst company in America'? Consumerist says yes". Los Angeles Times. Archived from the original on October 27, 2012. 
^ Brightman, James (April 4, 2012). "EA responds to "worst company" label from Consumerist". gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on October 24, 2013. Retrieved July 9, 2013. 
^ Kain, Erik (April 4, 2012). "EA Responds To 'Worst Company' Award By Mentioning Past Winners". Forbes. Archived from the original on July 20, 2013. Retrieved July 9, 2013. 
^ Morran, Chris (April 9, 2013). "EA Makes Worst Company In America History, Wins Title For Second Year In A Row!". Consumerist. Archived from the original on November 9, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ a b Takahashi, Dean. "EA exec Frank Gibeau: Betting on next-gen consoles, mobile, and doing right by consumers (interview)". VentureBeat. Archived from the original on July 28, 2013. 
^ Webster, Andrew (September 30, 2013). "EA steers angry customers away from reviewing games at Google Play". The Verge. Archived from the original on February 10, 2014. Retrieved February 11, 2014. 
^ Owen, Phil (June 29, 2014). "EA CEO Wilson: Dungeon Keeper Mobile Was 'A Shame'". Kotaku. Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 27, 2015. Retrieved March 18, 2015. 
^ Yin-Poole, Wesley (July 2, 2014). "UK watchdog bans Dungeon Keeper ad, accuses EA of "misleading" customers". Eurogamer. Archived from the original on January 9, 2015. Retrieved January 8, 2015. 
^ Davis, Ian (July 9, 2014). "EA: Dungeon Keeper Failed by "Innovating Too Much"". Escapist. Escapist Magazine. Archived from the original on April 2, 2015. Retrieved March 18, 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Sinclair, Brendan (January 4, 2006). "Innovation: does size matter?". GameSpot. CBS Interactive. 
ea_spouse (November 10, 2004). "EA: The Human Story". LiveJournal. Archived from the original on February 15, 2016. 
Becker, David (March 8, 2005). "Game makers see workplace changes". CNET. CBS Interactive. 
Totilo, Stephen (September 12, 2006). "What's The 'Coolest Job Ever'? Electronic Arts' Summer Interns Tell Their Story". MTV. Viacom International. 
Deck, Stewart (December 19, 2000). "Six Degrees of Hire Learning". ITworld. IDG Communications. 
Varney, Allen (October 11, 2005). "The Conquest of Origin". The Escapist. Defy Media. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Electronic Arts.



Official website



Business data for Electronic Arts, Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Electronic Arts



Employees





Founder




Trip Hawkins






Current




Larry Probst (Executive Chairman)
Andrew Wilson (CEO)
Patrick Söderlund (EVP)
Will Wright
Joe Ybarra






Former




Bing Gordon
Don Mattrick
Jeff Green
Ralph Guggenheim
Robin Hunicke
Greg Kasavin
Peter Moore
John Riccitiello











Subsidiaries





Current




BioWare
Criterion Games
EA Canada
EA DICE

DICE Los Angeles


EA Mobile
EA Montreal
EA Salt Lake
EA Singapore
EA Sports
EA Tiburon
European Integration Studio
Firemonkeys Studios
Ghost Games
Maxis
Motive Studios
PopCap Games
The Sims Studio
Visceral Games






Defunct




Bullfrog Productions
Danger Close Games
EA Black Box
EA Bright Light
EA Chicago
EA Phenomic
EA UK
Kesmai
Mythic Entertainment
Origin Systems
Pandemic Studios
Playfish
Victory Games
Westwood Studios








Franchises



Army of Two
Battlefield
Bejeweled
Burnout
Command & Conquer
Crysis
Dead Space
Dragon Age
FIFA
Madden NFL
Mass Effect
Medal of Honor
Mirror's Edge
NBA Live
NCAA Football
Need for Speed
NHL
Plants vs. Zombies
Rock Band
SimCity
Skate
Star Wars: Battlefront
Spore
SSX
The Sims
Ultima
Wing Commander





Related



EA Access
Origin
Pogo.com
RenderWare
Frostbite
Ignite
List of acquisitions by Electronic Arts
List of Electronic Arts games






Category










v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecommunications Corporation

China Telecom


China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Sim video games



SimCity series





Main games




SimCity (1989)
SimCity 2000
SimCity 3000
SimCity 4

Rush Hour


SimCity (2013)






Other games




64
DS
Societies
Snap City
DS 2
Creator
Social








The Sims series





Main games




The Sims
The Sims 2
The Sims 3
The Sims 4






Other games




Online
Bustin' Out
The Urbz
Life Stories
Pet Stories
Castaway Stories
Medieval

Pirates and Nobles


Social
FreePlay






MySims




MySims
Kingdom
Party
Racing
Agents
SkyHeroes








Spore





Expansions




Galactic Adventures






Spin-offs




Creature Creator
Creatures
Origins
Hero
Hero Arena
Darkspore






Other




Development








Sim



SimEarth
SimAnt
SimLife
SimFarm
SimRefinery
SimTower
SimHealth
SimIsle
SimTown
SimPark
SimGolf
SimTunes
Sim Theme Park
SimCopter
Streets of SimCity
SimSafari
SimCoaster
Sid Meier's SimGolf
SimMars (cancelled)
SimAnimals





Related articles



Simlish
Electronic Arts
Maxis
Will Wright
Lincity
Yoot Tower
The Tower SP
BeyondSims






 Category







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137191582
LCCN: n93043443
ISNI: 0000 0001 2291 0054
GND: 2149193-8
SUDOC: 086228811
BNF: cb140318401 (data)
BNE: XX132366










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Electronic_Arts&oldid=790722573"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQ1982 establishments in CaliforniaAcademy of Interactive Arts & Sciences membersCompanies based in Redwood City, CaliforniaElectronic ArtsEntertainment companies based in CaliforniaEntertainment companies established in 1982Entertainment Software AssociationInternational Game Developers Association membersMac software companiesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesSoftware companies based in the San Francisco Bay AreaVideo game companies based in CaliforniaVideo game companies established in 1982Video game companies of the United StatesVideo game development companiesVideo game publishersWargame companiesHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles that may be too long from February 2017Use mdy dates from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2016Articles with unsourced statements from August 2007Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתქართულიLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиBahasa MelayuМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 15 July 2017, at 17:35.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Electronic Arts - Wikipedia






















 






Electronic Arts

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"EA" redirects here. For other uses, see EA (disambiguation).





This article may be too long to read and navigate comfortably. Please consider splitting content into sub-articles, condensing it, or adding or removing subheadings. (February 2017)



Electronic Arts Inc.





The EA headquarters building at Redwood City, California in May 2011.




Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: EA
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Video game industry


Founded
May 27, 1982; 35 years ago (1982-05-27) in San Mateo, California, U.S.


Founder
Trip Hawkins


Headquarters
Redwood City, California, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Larry Probst (Chairman)
Andrew Wilson (CEO)





Products
Army of Two series
Battlefield series
Burnout series
Command & Conquer series
Crysis series
Dead Space series
Dragon Age series
FIFA series
Fight Night series
Madden NFL series
Mass Effect series
Medal of Honor series
NBA Live series
NCAA Football series
Need for Speed series
NHL series
Plants vs. Zombies series
Rock Band series
SimCity series
The Simpsons series
The Sims series
Skate series
SSX series
Star Wars series


Revenue
 US$4.396 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$898 million (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$1.156 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$7.050 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$3.396 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

8,500 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
List of Electronic Arts subsidiaries
BioWare
Criterion Games
EA Canada
EA Digital Illusions CE
EA Mobile
EA Montreal
EA Tiburon
Firemonkeys Studios
Ghost Games
Maxis
Motive Studios
PopCap Games
The Sims Studio
Visceral Games


Website
ea.com


Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) is an American video game company headquartered in Redwood City, California. Founded and incorporated on May 28, 1982 by Trip Hawkins, the company was a pioneer of the early home computer games industry and was notable for promoting the designers and programmers responsible for its games. As of 2014, Electronic Arts was the world's fourth-largest gaming company by revenue after Tencent, Sony and Microsoft [2] The company sparked controversies over its advertising efforts, and acquisition of other studios.
Currently, EA develops and publishes games under several labels including EA Sports titles FIFA, Madden NFL, NHL, NCAA Football, NBA Live, and SSX. Other EA labels produce established franchises such as Battlefield, Need for Speed, The Sims, Medal of Honor, Command & Conquer, as well as newer franchises such as Crysis, Dead Space, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, Army of Two, Titanfall and Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, produced in partnership with LucasArts.[3] EA also owns and operates major gaming studios, EA Tiburon in Orlando, EA Canada in Burnaby, BioWare in Edmonton as well as Montreal, and DICE in Sweden.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1982–2000 - The Beginning
1.2 2000–2007
1.3 2007–2013
1.4 2013–present


2 Electronic Arts company structure

2.1 EA Games
2.2 EA Sports
2.3 EA Maxis
2.4 EA All Play
2.5 SEED


3 Owned studios and partnership companies

3.1 Current
3.2 Defunct
3.3 EA Partners program
3.4 EA Originals program


4 Games by Electronic Arts

4.1 Upcoming titles


5 Controversies

5.1 Studio acquisition and management practices
5.2 Treatment of employees
5.3 Game quality
5.4 Sports licensing and exclusivity
5.5 EULA and DRM
5.6 Advertising
5.7 LGBT controversies
5.8 The Consumerist rating as "Worst Company in America"
5.9 Dungeon Keeper Mobile app store vote manipulation


6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



History[edit]
The company began developing games in-house and supported consoles by the early 1990s. EA later grew via acquisition of several successful developers. By the early 2000s, EA had become one of the world's largest third-party publishers. On May 4, 2011, EA reported $3.8 billion in revenues for the fiscal year ending March 2011, and on January 13, 2012, EA announced that it had exceeded $1 billion in digital revenue during the previous calendar year.[5] In a note to employees, EA CEO John Riccitiello called this "an incredibly important milestone" for the company.[6] EA began to move toward direct distribution of digital games and services with the acquisition of the popular online gaming site Pogo.com in 2001.[7] In 2009, EA acquired the London-based social gaming startup Playfish,[8] and in June 2011, EA launched Origin, an online service to sell downloadable games directly to consumers.[9] There is also a "On The House" feature in Origin that lets you download full versions of EA games for free, it is updated regularly. In July 2011, EA announced that it had acquired PopCap Games, the company behind hits such as Plants vs. Zombies and Bejeweled.[10]
EA continued its shift toward digital goods in 2012, folding its mobile-focused EA Interactive (EAi) division "into other organizations throughout the company, specifically those divisions led by EA Labels president Frank Gibeau, COO Peter Moore, and CTO Rajat Taneja, and EVP of digital Kristian Segerstrale."[11]
1982–2000 - The Beginning[edit]




Founder of EA Trip Hawkins.


In February 1982, Trip Hawkins arranged a meeting with Don Valentine of Sequoia Capital[12] to discuss financing his new venture, Amazin' Software. Valentine encouraged Hawkins to leave Apple Inc., where Hawkins served as Director of Product Marketing, and allowed Hawkins use of Sequoia Capital's spare office space to start the company. On May 28, 1982, Trip Hawkins incorporated and established the company with a personal investment of an estimated US$200,000. The company was not named Amazin' Software, but instead Electronic Arts. Seven months later in December 1982, Hawkins secured US$2 million of venture capital from Sequoia Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, and Sevin Rosen Funds.




Electronic Arts' original corporate logo, 1982–2000.


For more than seven months, Hawkins refined his Electronic Arts business plan. With aid from his first employee (with whom he worked in marketing at Apple), Rich Melmon, the original plan was written, mostly by Hawkins, on an Apple II in Sequoia Capital's office in August 1982. During that time, Hawkins also employed two of his former staff from Apple, Dave Evans and Pat Marriott, as producers, and a Stanford MBA classmate, Jeff Burton from Atari for international business development. The business plan was again refined in September and reissued on October 8, 1982. By November, employee headcount rose to 11, including Tim Mott, Bing Gordon, David Maynard, and Steve Hayes.[13][14] Having outgrown the office space provided by Sequoia Capital, the company relocated to a San Mateo office that overlooked the San Francisco Airport landing path. Headcount rose rapidly in 1983, including Don Daglow, Richard Hilleman, Stewart Bonn, David Gardner, and Nancy Fong.
He recruited his original employees from Apple, Atari, Xerox PARC, and VisiCorp, and got Steve Wozniak to agree to sit on the board of directors.[15]
Hawkins was determined to sell directly to buyers. Combined with the fact that Hawkins was pioneering new game brands, this made sales growth more challenging. Retailers wanted to buy known brands from existing distribution partners. After more flyers were handed out, former CEO Larry Probst arrived as VP of Sales in late 1984 and helped the company sustain growth into US$18 million in its third full year.[citation needed] This policy of dealing directly with retailers gave EA higher margins and better market awareness, key advantages the company would leverage to leapfrog its early competitors.[16]
In December 1986, David Gardner and Mark Lewkaspais moved to the UK to open a European headquarters. Up until that point publishing of Electronic Arts Games, and the conversion of many of their games to compact cassette versions in Europe was handled by Ariolasoft.
Most of the early employees of the company disliked the Amazin' Software name that Hawkins had originally chosen when he incorporated the company.[13] While at Apple, Hawkins had enjoyed company offsite meetings at Pajaro Dunes and organized such a planning offsite for EA in October 1982.
Hawkins had developed the ideas of treating software as an art form and calling the developers, "software artists". Hence, the latest version of the business plan had suggested the name "SoftArt". However, Hawkins and Melmon knew the founders of Software Arts, the creators of VisiCalc, and thought their permission should be obtained. Dan Bricklin did not want the name used because it sounded too similar (perhaps "confusingly similar") to Software Arts. However, the name concept was liked by all the attendees. Hawkins had also recently read a best-selling book about the film studio, United Artists, and liked the reputation that the company had created. Early advisers Andy Berlin, Jeff Goodby, and Rich Silverstein (who would soon form their own ad agency Goodby, Silverstein & Partners) were also fans of that approach, and the discussion was led by Hawkins and Berlin. Hawkins said everyone had a vote but they would lose it if they went to sleep.[citation needed]
Hawkins liked the word "electronic", and various employees had considered the phrases "Electronic Artists" and "Electronic Arts". Other candidates included Gordon's suggestion of "Blue Light", a reference from the Disney film Tron.[citation needed] When Gordon and others pushed for "Electronic Artists", in tribute to the film company United Artists, Steve Hayes opposed, saying, "We're not the artists, they are..." meaning that the developers whose games EA would publish were the artists. This statement from Hayes immediately tilted sentiment towards Electronic Arts and the name was unanimously endorsed.[citation needed]
A novel approach to giving credit to its developers was one of EA's trademarks in its early days. This characterization was even further reinforced with EA's packaging of most of their games in the "album cover" pioneered by EA because Hawkins thought that a record album style would both save costs and convey an artistic feeling.[17] EA routinely referred to their developers as "artists" and gave them photo credits in their games and numerous full-page magazine ads. Their first such ad, accompanied by the slogan "We see farther," was the first video game advertisement to feature software designers.[16] EA also shared lavish profits with their developers, which added to their industry appeal. The square "album cover" boxes (such as the covers for 1983's M.U.L.E. and Pinball Construction Set) were a popular packaging concept by Electronic Arts, which wanted to represent their developers as "rock stars".[17]
In the mid-1980s Electronic Arts aggressively marketed products for the Commodore Amiga, a premier home computer of the late 1980s and early 1990s in Europe. Commodore had given EA development tools and prototype machines before Amiga's actual launch. For Amiga EA published some notable non-game titles. A drawing program Deluxe Paint (1985) and its subsequent versions became perhaps the most famous piece of software available for Amiga platform.[18] Other Amiga programs released by EA included Deluxe Music Construction Set, Deluxe Paint Animation and Instant Music. Some of them, most notably Deluxe Paint, were ported to other platforms. For Macintosh EA released a black & white animation tool called Studio/1, and a series of Paint titles called Studio/8 and Studio/32 (1990).
In 1988 EA published a flight simulator game exclusively for Amiga, F/A-18 Interceptor, which received attention due to its vector graphics that were notable for 1988 standards. Another significant Amiga release (also initially available for Atari ST, later converted for numerous other platforms) was Populous (1989) developed by Bullfrog Productions. It was a pioneering and influential title in the genre that was later called "god games".
In 1990, Electronic Arts began producing console games for the Nintendo Entertainment System, after previously licensing its computer games to other console-game publishers.[19] Eventually, Trip Hawkins left EA to found the now defunct 3DO Company.
In 1995 Electronic Arts won the European Computer Trade Show award for best software publisher of the year.[20]
2000–2007[edit]




Headquarters of EA in October 2007.


EA is headquartered in the Redwood Shores neighborhood of Redwood City, California.[21] Following the retirement and departure of Trip Hawkins in 2000, EA decided to replace its logo with a new one, and Larry Probst took over the reins.
In 2004, EA made a multimillion-dollar donation to fund the development of game production curriculum at the University of Southern California's Interactive Media Division. On February 1, 2006, Electronic Arts announced that it would cut worldwide staff by 5 percent.[22] On June 20, 2006 EA purchased Mythic Entertainment, who are finished making Warhammer Online.[23]
After Sega's ESPN NFL 2K5 successfully grabbed market share away from EA's dominant Madden NFL series during the 2004 holiday season, EA responded by making several large sports licensing deals which include an exclusive agreement with the NFL, and in January 2005, a 15-year deal with ESPN.[24] The ESPN deal gave EA exclusive first rights to all ESPN content for sports simulation games. On April 11, 2005, EA announced a similar, 6-year licensing deal with the Collegiate Licensing Company (CLC) for exclusive rights to college football content.[25]
Much of EA's success, both in terms of sales and with regards to its stock market valuation, is due to its strategy of platform-agnostic development and the creation of strong multi-year franchises. EA was the first publisher to release yearly updates of its sports franchises—Madden, FIFA, NHL, NBA Live, Tiger Woods, etc.—with updated player rosters and small graphical and gameplay tweaks.[26] Recognizing the risk of franchise fatigue among consumers, EA announced in 2006 that it would concentrate more of its effort on creating new original intellectual property.[27]
In September 2006, Nokia and EA announced a partnership in which EA becomes an exclusive major supplier of mobile games to Nokia mobile devices through the Nokia Content Discoverer. In the beginning, Nokia customers were able to download seven EA titles (Tetris, Tetris Mania, The Sims 2, Doom, FIFA 06, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 06 and FIFA Street 2) on the holiday season in 2006. Rick Simonson is the executive vice president and director of Nokia and starting from 2006 is affiliated with John Riccitiello and are partners.[28]
2007–2013[edit]
In February 2007, Probst stepped down from the CEO job while remaining on the Board of Directors. His handpicked successor is John Riccitiello, who had worked at EA for several years previously, departed for a while, and then returned.[29] Riccitiello previously worked for Elevation Partners, Sara Lee and PepsiCo. In June 2007, new CEO John Riccitiello announced that EA would reorganize itself into four labels, each with responsibility for its own product development and publishing (the city-state model). The goal of the reorganization was to empower the labels to operate more autonomously, streamline decision-making, increase creativity and quality, and get games into the market faster.[30] This reorganization came after years of consolidation and acquisition by EA of smaller studios, which some in the industry blamed for a decrease in quality of EA titles. In 2008, at the DICE Summit, Riccitiello called the earlier approach of "buy and assimilate" a mistake, often stripping smaller studios of its creative talent. Riccitiello said that the city-state model allows independent developers to remain autonomous to a large extent, and cited Maxis and BioWare as examples of studios thriving under the new structure.[31][32]
Also, in 2007, EA announced that it would be bringing some of its major titles to the Macintosh. EA has released Battlefield 2142, Command & Conquer: Tiberium Wars, Crysis, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Madden NFL 08, Need for Speed: Carbon and Spore for the Mac. All of the new games have been developed for the Macintosh using Cider, a technology developed by TransGaming that enables Intel-based Macs to run Windows games inside a translation layer running on Mac OS X. They are not playable on PowerPC-based Macs.[33]
In October 2007, EA purchased Super Computer International, a long-standing industry provider of game server hosting for development studios, who were currently developing the new Playlinc software. A week later they then purchased VG Holding Corp, the parent company of BioWare and Pandemic Studios.
It was revealed in February 2008 that Electronic Arts had made a takeover bid for rival game company Take-Two Interactive. After its initial offer of US$25 per share, all cash stock transaction offer was rejected by the Take-Two board, EA revised it to US$26 per share, a 64% premium over the previous day's closing price and made the offer known to the public.[34] Rumours had been floating around the Internet prior to the offer about Take-Two possibly being bought over by a bigger company, albeit with Viacom as the potential bidder.[35][36] In May 2008, EA announced that it will purchase the assets of Hands-On Mobile Korea, a South Korean mobile game developer and publisher. The company will become EA Mobile Korea.[37] In September 2008, EA dropped its buyout offer of Take-Two. No reason was given.[38]
As of November 6, 2008 it was confirmed that Electronic Arts is closing their Casual Label & merging it with their Hasbro partnership with The Sims Label.[39] EA also confirmed the departure of Kathy Vrabeck, who was given the position as former president of the EA Casual Division in May 2007. EA made this statement about the merger: "We've learned a lot about casual entertainment in the past two years, and found that casual gaming defies a single genre and demographic. With the retirement and departure of Kathy Vrabeck, EA is reorganizing to integrate casual games—development and marketing—into other divisions of our business. We are merging our Casual Studios, Hasbro partnership, and Casual marketing organization with The Sims Label to be a new Sims and Casual Label, where there is a deep compatibility in the product design, marketing and demographics. [...] In the days and weeks ahead, we will make further announcements on the reporting structure for the other businesses in the Casual Label including EA Mobile, Pogo, Media Sales and Online Casual Initiatives. Those businesses remain growth priorities for EA and deserve strong support in a group that will compliment their objectives."[40] This statement comes a week after EA announced it was laying off 6% about 600 of their staff positions and had a US$310 million net loss for the quarter.[41]
Due to the 2008 Economic Crisis, Electronic Arts had a poorer than expected 2008 holiday season, moving it in February 2009 to cut approximately 1100 jobs, which it said represented about 11% of its workforce. It also closed 12 of their facilities. Riccitiello, in a conference call with reporters, stated that their poor performance in the fourth quarter was not due entirely to the poor economy, but also to the fact that they did not release any blockbuster titles in the quarter. In the quarter ending December 31, 2008, the company lost US$641 million. As of early May 2009, the subsidiary studio EA Redwood Shores was known as Visceral Games.[42][43] On June 24, 2009, EA announced it will merge two of its development studios, BioWare and Mythic into one single role-playing video game and MMO development powerhouse. The move will actually place Mythic under control of BioWare as Ray Muzyka and Greg Zeschuk will be in direct control of the new entity.[44] By fall 2012, both Muzyka and Zeschuk had chosen to depart the merged entity in a joint retirement announcement.[45][46][47]
On November 9, 2009, EA announced its acquisition of social casual games developer Playfish for US$275 million.[48] On the same day, the company announced layoffs of 1500 employees, representing 17% of its workforce, across a number of studios including EA Tiburon, Visceral Games, Mythic and EA Black Box. Also affected were "projects and support activities" that, according to Chief Financial Officer Eric Brown "don't make economic sense",[49] resulting in the shutdown of popular communities such as Battlefield News at the Wayback Machine (archived January 12, 2006) and the EA Community Team at the Wayback Machine (archived February 5, 2009). These layoffs also led to the complete shutdown of Pandemic Studios.[50]

"Chillingo" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Chilango.
In October 2010, EA announced the acquisition of UK based iPhone and iPad games publisher Chillingo for US$20 million in cash. Chillingo published the popular Angry Birds for iOS and Cut the Rope for all platforms, but the deal did not include those properties,[51] so Cut the Rope became published by ZeptoLab, and Angry Birds became published by Rovio Entertainment.
2013–present[edit]
On March 18, 2013, John Riccitello announced that he would be stepping down as CEO and a member of the Board of Directors on March 30, 2013. Larry Probst was also appointed executive chairman on the same day.[52]
In April 2013, EA announced a reorganization which was to include dismissal of 10% of their workforce, consolidation of marketing functions which were distributed among the five label organizations, and subsumption of Origin operational leadership under the President of Labels.[53][54] In May 2013, EA announced that they had partnered with Disney to release Star Wars games from 2013 to 2023 exclusively. EA's subsidiaries including BioWare, DICE, Visceral Games, Motive Studios, Capital Games and external developer Respawn Entertainment, were responsible in creating new video games set in the Star Wars universe.[55][56] Andrew Wilson was appointed the CEO of EA.[57] In April 2015, EA announced that it would be shutting down various free-to-play games in July of that year, including Battlefield Heroes, Battlefield Play4Free, Need for Speed: World, and FIFA World.[58]
During E3 2015, vice president of the company, Patrick Söderlund, announced that the company will start investing more on smaller titles such as Unravel so as to broaden the company's portfolio.[59] On December 10, 2015, EA announced a new division called Competitive Gaming Division, which focuses on creating competitive game experience and organizing ESports events. It was once headed by Peter Moore.[60]
In May 2016, Electronic Arts announced that they had formed a new internal division called Frostbite Labs. The new department specializes in creating new projects for virtual reality platforms, and "virtual humans". The new department is located in Stockholm and Vancouver.[61]
Electronic Arts company structure[edit]
EA is headed by chairman Larry Probst and CEO Andrew Wilson. Many have attributed former CEO John Riccitiello's success in leading EA to his passion as a gamer.[62] Electronic Arts has four main labels (divisions), with numerous studios falling under each one.[63]
EA Games[edit]
Home to the largest number of studio and development teams, this label is responsible for action-adventure, role playing, racing and combat games, marketed under the EA brand. In addition to traditional packaged-goods games, EA Games also develops massively multiplayer online role-playing games. Led by Patrick Söderlund.[64]

Criterion Games
EA Digital Illusions CE (formerly Digital Illusions Creative Entertainment, DICE)

DICE Los Angeles


Ghost Games
Visceral Games (formerly EA Redwood Shores)
EA BioWare—focuses on creating multiplatform, role-playing, MMO and strategy games. Includes

BioWare Edmonton
BioWare Austin
BioWare Montreal


Motive Studios

EA Sports[edit]
Main article: EA Sports
Publishes all the realistic, casual, and freestyle sports-based titles from EA, including FIFA Football, Madden NFL, Fight Night, NBA Live, NCAA Football, Cricket, NCAA March Madness, Tiger Woods PGA Tour, NHL Hockey, NASCAR and Rugby. Led by Patrick Söderlund.[64]

EA Tiburon (Florida)
EA Canada (Burnaby)

EA Maxis[edit]
Main article: EA Maxis
Known for The Sims series, EA Maxis develops and markets life-simulation games and online communities. The label is headquartered at EA's campus in Redwood Shores. Maxis' original studio in Emeryville was closed in March 2015. The studio now sits under the leadership of the SVP of EA Mobile.[65] The label had previously been renamed EA Play.

Maxis Redwood Shores

The Sims Studio


Maxis Salt Lake
Maxis Melbourne
Maxis Helsinki

EA All Play[edit]
Includes original EA and partner franchises like The Simpsons, Tetris, SCRABBLE, MONOPOLY, World Series of Poker, Real Racing, Ultima, as well as online games for the Pogo.com online service.

PopCap Games
EA Mobile

SEED[edit]
The Search for Extraordinary Experiences Division (SEED) was revealed at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2017 as a technology research division and incubator, using tools like deep learning and neural networks to bring in player experiences and other external factors to help them with developing more immersive narratives and games.[66][67] SEED has offices in Los Angeles and Stockholm.[68]
Owned studios and partnership companies[edit]
Current[edit]

BioWare in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada and Montreal, Quebec, Canada and Austin, Texas and Galway, Ireland founded in February 1995, acquired October 2007 from Elevation Partners.
Chillingo in Macclesfield, United Kingdom
Criterion Games in Guildford, England, founded as Criterion Software in 1993, acquired in August 2004.
EA Baton Rouge (formerly North American Testing Center) in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, opened in September 2008.
EA Canada in Burnaby, British Columbia, started in January 1983.
EA Casual Entertainment
EA China in Shanghai, China
EA Deutschland in Cologne, Germany
EA DICE in Stockholm, Sweden, founded in 1992, acquired in 2005.
EA France in Lyon, France
EIS (European Integration Studio) in Madrid, Spain
EA India, Noida, India
EA Japan, Tokyo, Japan
EA Mobile Japan Studio, Tokyo, Japan
EA Brazil, São Paulo, Brazil
Spearhead in Seoul, South Korea, founded in 1998 as EA Korea.
DICE Los Angeles in Los Angeles, California, founded as DreamWorks Interactive LLC in 1995, acquired in 2000.
EA Romania in Bucharest, Romania, founded as JAMDAT Mobile Romania in 2005, acquired in 2006.
EA Russia in Moscow, Russia, translate in Russian
EA Mobile in Los Angeles, California
EA Montreal in Montreal, Quebec, Canada started in 2004.
EA San Francisco in Embarcadero, San Francisco
EA Salt Lake in Salt Lake City, Utah, founded as Headgate Studios, founded in 1992, acquired December 2006.
EA Singapore in Singapore
EA Sports made up of EA Canada in Burnaby, Canada and EA Tiburon Maitland, Florida, publisher of EA's sports franchise games
EA Tiburon in Maitland, Florida founded as Tiburon Entertainment in 1994, acquired in 1998.
Easy Studios in Stockholm, Sweden. Founded in 2008 developing PC games for EA's new Play4Free series.
Ghost Games in Gothenburg, Sweden, England, UK and Bucharest, Romania, founded as EA Gothenburg in 2011, rebranded in 2012.
Motive Studios in Montreal, Quebec, Canada started in 2015.
PopCap Games in Seattle, Washington acquired in 2011.
The Sims Studio in Redwood City, California founded in 2006.
Uprise (formerly ESN) in Uppsala, Sweden, founded in 2002, acquired in 2012.
Visceral Games in Redwood City, California, also has an office in Shanghai, China; founded as EA Redwood Shores in 1998.
Capital Games in Sacramento, California founded in 2008, specialised in creating mobile games.

Defunct[edit]

Original HQ in San Mateo, California, moved to Redwood City in 1998.
Origin Systems in Austin, Texas founded in 1983, acquired in 1992, closed in 2004.
Bullfrog Productions in Surrey, England, founded in 1987, acquired in 1995,[69] merged with EA UK and effectively closed in 2001.
EA Baltimore in Baltimore, Maryland, established in 1996 as part of Origin, closed in 2000
EA Seattle in Seattle, Washington, founded in 1982 as Manley & Associates, acquired January 29, 1996, closed in 2002
Maxis in Walnut Creek, California, founded in 1987, acquired in June 1997, folded into Redwood Shores (now Visceral Games) in 2004.
Westwood Studios in Las Vegas, Nevada, founded in 1987, acquired from Virgin Interactive Entertainment in August 1998, merged into EA Los Angeles in 2003.
EA Pacific (known for a time as Westwood Pacific) in Irvine, California, formerly part of Virgin Interactive, acquired with Westwood in 1998, closed in 2003
Kesmai (known also as GameStorm), founded in 1981, acquired in 1999, closed in 2001.
DICE Canada in London, Ontario, started in 1998, acquired DICE fully October 2, 2006; closed DICE Canada studio hours later.
EA UK in Chertsey, United Kingdom, moved to EA Bright Light in Guildford.
EA Chicago in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, founded in 1990 as NuFX, acquired in 2004, closed November 6, 2007.
Pandemic Studios in Los Angeles, California and Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, founded in 1998, acquired October 2007 from Elevation Partners, closed November 17, 2009.
EA Bright Light, in Guildford, Surrey, formerly EA UK, closed in 2011.
EA Black Box in Burnaby, Canada, founded in 1998, acquired in 2002, closed on April 2013.
EA Mobile Brazil in São Paulo, Brazil, closed in 2013.
EA Phenomic in Ingelheim, Germany, founded as Phenomic Game Development in 1997, acquired August 2006 and closed down in 2013.
Playfish in London, England, acquired in 2009, closed down in 2013.
Danger Close Games in Los Angeles, founded as DreamWorks Interactive, LLC. in 1995, acquired in 2000, renamed as EA Los Angeles and closed down in 2013.
EA North Carolina in Morrisville, North Carolina, closed in 2013[70]
Victory Games in Los Angeles, California, also has offices in Austin, Texas and Shanghai, China; founded in 2010 and closed down in 2013 as Danger Close.
Mythic Entertainment in Fairfax, Virginia, founded as Interworld Productions in 1995, acquired in June 2006 and closed down in May 2014.
Maxis in Emeryville, California, founded in 1987, acquired in July 1997, and closed down in March 2015.
Waystone was disbanded in November 2014.[71]

EA Partners program[edit]
The EA Partners co-publishing arm is dedicated to publishing and distributing games developed by third-party developers. Notable publishing/distribution agreements include:

Alice: Madness Returns – Spicy Horse
APB – Realtime Worlds
Brütal Legend – Double Fine Productions
Bulletstorm – Epic Games
Crysis series – Crytek
DeathSpank – Hothead Games
Fuse – Insomniac Games[72]
Hellgate: London – Flagship Studios
Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning – 38 Studios, Big Huge Games
Rock Band series – Harmonix and MTV Games
The Secret World – Funcom[73]
Shadows of the Damned – Grasshopper Manufacture
Shank series – Klei Entertainment
Syndicate – Starbreeze Studios
Titanfall series – Respawn Entertainment
Warp – Trapdoor

EA Originals program[edit]
 EA Originals is a program within Electronic Arts to help support independently-developed video games. The program was announced at EA's press event at the 2016 E3 Conference, and builds upon the success they had with Unravel in 2015. The first game to be supported under this program is Fe by Zoink Games, with plans for release in 2017.[74] It will be followed by Sea of Solitude and A Way Out.
Games by Electronic Arts[edit]
Main article: List of Electronic Arts games
Some of the most notable and popular games of video game history have been published by EA, and many of these are listed below. Though EA published these titles, they did not always develop them; some were developed by independent game development studios. EA developed their first internally developed game in 1987.

Pinball Construction Set (1983) by Bill Budge[75]
M.U.L.E. (1983) by Dan Bunten and Ozark Softscape
Archon: The Light and the Dark (1983) by Paul Reiche III and Free Fall Associates
The Bard's Tale (1985) by Interplay Productions
Skate or Die! (1987), EA's first internally developed title
Madden NFL series (1989–present)
Populous (1989) by Bullfrog which EA acquired in 1995
Wing Commander series (1992 onwards, previous games published in-house)
Desert Strike: Return to the Gulf (1992) by EA's High Score Production group
FIFA series (1993–present)
Dungeon Keeper series (titles from 1997 to 1999) by Bullfrog Productions
Ultima Online (1997) by Origin Systems
Command & Conquer series (titles from 1999 to 2013) by Westwood Studios (earlier titles released by Virgin Interactive)
SimCity series (titles from 1999–present) by Maxis (earlier titles released by other publishers)
Medal of Honor series (1999–2012)
Need for Speed series (1994–present)
James Bond series (1999–2005)
American McGee's Alice (2000)
The Sims series (2000–present) by Maxis (2000-2006, 2013–present) and The Sims Studio (2007-2012)
Battlefield series (2002–present) by EA Digital Illusions CE
Crysis series (2007–present) by Crytek
Rock Band series (2007–2010) by Harmonix
Spore series (2008–present) by Maxis
Army of Two series (2008–present) by EA Montreal
Dead Space series (2008–present) by Visceral Games
Mirror's Edge series (2008–present) by EA Digital Illusions CE
Dragon Age series (2009–present) by BioWare
Mass Effect series (starting with the PC release of the first game, the original Xbox 360 version was published by Microsoft) (2008–present)
Dante's Inferno (2010) by Visceral Games
Star Wars: The Old Republic (2011) by BioWare
EA Sports UFC (2014–present) by EA Canada
Star Wars Battlefront (2015) by EA Digital Illusions CE

Upcoming titles[edit]

Madden NFL 18 (PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
FIFA 18 (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One)
NBA Live 18 (PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Star Wars Battlefront II (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Need for Speed Payback (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
A Way Out (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Anthem (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Fe (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Sea of Solitude (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)

Controversies[edit]
Studio acquisition and management practices[edit]
See also: List of acquisitions by Electronic Arts
During its period of fastest growth, EA was often criticized for buying smaller development studios primarily for their intellectual property assets, and then producing drastically changed games of their franchises. For example, Origin-produced Ultima VIII: Pagan and Ultima IX: Ascension were developed quickly under EA's ownership, over the protests of Ultima creator Richard Garriott,[76] and these two are widely considered[77] to be sub-par compared to the rest of the series.[78][79]
In early 2008, CEO John Riccitiello acknowledged that this practice by EA was wrong and that the company now gives acquired studios greater autonomy without "meddling" in their corporate culture.[31]
In 2008, John D. Carmack of id Software said that EA is no longer the "Evil Empire"[80]

I'll admit that, if you asked me years ago, I still had thoughts that EA was the Evil Empire, the company that crushes the small studios...I'd have been surprised, if you told me a year ago that we'd end up with EA as a publisher. When we went out and talked to people, especially EA Partners people like Valve, we got almost uniformly positive responses from them.

Like other EA Partners, such as Harmonix/MTV Games, Carmack stressed that EA Partners deal "isn't really a publishing arrangement. Instead, they really offer a menu of services—Valve takes one set of things, Crytek takes a different set, and we're probably taking a third set".[80]
EA was criticized for shutting down some of its acquired studios after they released poorly performing games (for instance, Origin).[81] Though, in some of the cases, the shutdown was merely a reformation of teams working at different small studios into a single studio.[82][83] In the past, Magic Carpet 2 was rushed to completion over the objections of designer Peter Molyneux and it shipped during the holiday season with several major bugs. Studios such as Origin and Bullfrog Productions had previously produced games attracting significant fanbases. Many fans also became annoyed that their favorite developers were closed down, but some developers, for example the EALA studio, have stated that they try to carry on the legacy of the old studio (Westwood Studios). Once EA received criticism from labor groups for its dismissals of large groups of employees during the closure of a studio. However, later, it was confirmed that layoffs were not heavily confined to one team or another, countering early rumors that the teams were specifically targeted—countering the implication that the under performance of certain games might have been the catalyst.[84]
EA was once criticized for the acquisition of 19.9 percent of shares of its competitor Ubisoft, a move that Ubisoft's then spokesperson initially described as a "hostile act".[85] However, Ubisoft CEO Yves Guillemot later indicated that a merger with EA was a possibility, stating, "The first option for us is to manage our own company and grow it. The second option is to work with the movie industry, and the third is to merge."[86] However, in July 2010, EA elected to sell its reduced 15 percent share in Ubisoft.[87] That share equated to roughly €94 million (US$122 million).[88]
Treatment of employees[edit]
In 2004, Electronic Arts was criticized for employees working extraordinarily long hours—up to 100 hours per week—and not just at "crunch" times leading up to the scheduled releases of products. The publication of the EA Spouse blog, with criticisms such as "The current mandatory hours are 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.—seven days a week—with the occasional Saturday evening off for good behavior (at 6:30 PM)."[89] The company has since settled a class action lawsuit brought by game artists to compensate for unpaid overtime.[90] The class was awarded US$15.6 million. As a result, many of the lower-level developers (artists, programmers, producers, and designers) are now working at an hourly rate. A similar suit brought by programmers was settled for US$14.9 million.[91]
Since these criticisms first aired, it has been reported that EA has taken steps to address work-life balance concerns by focusing on long-term project planning, compensation, and communication with employees. These efforts accelerated with the arrival of John Riccitiello as CEO in February 2007. In December 2007, an internal EA employee survey showed a 13% increase in employee morale and a 21% increase in perception of management recognition over a three-year period.[92]
In May 2008, "EA Spouse" blog author Erin Hoffman, speaking to videogame industry news site Gamasutra, stated that EA had made significant progress, but may now be falling into old patterns again. Hoffman said that "I think EA is tremendously reformed, having made some real strong efforts to get the right people into their human resources department", and "I've been hearing from people who have gotten overtime pay there and I think that makes a great deal of difference. In fact, I've actually recommended to a few people I know to apply for jobs there", but she also said she has begun to hear "horror stories" once again.[93]
Game quality[edit]
For 2006, the games review aggregation site Metacritic gives the average of EA games as 72.0 (out of 100); 2.5 points behind Nintendo (74.5) but ahead of the other first-party publishers Microsoft (71.6) and Sony (71.2). The closest third-party publisher is Take-Two Interactive (publishing as 2K Games and Rockstar Games) at 70.3. The remaining top 10 publishers (Sega, THQ, Ubisoft, Activision, Square Enix) all rate in the mid 60s. Since 2005, EA has published eight games that received "Universal Acclaim" in at least one platform (Metacritic score 90 or greater): Battlefield 2, Crysis, Rock Band, FIFA 12, FIFA 13, Mass Effect 2, Mass Effect 3, and Dragon Age: Origins.
EA's aggregate review performance had shown a downward trend in quality over recent years and was expected to affect market shares during competitive seasons. Pacific Crest Securities analyst Evan Wilson had said, "Poor reviews and quality are beginning to tarnish the EA brand. According to our ongoing survey of GameRankings.com aggregated review data, Electronic Arts' overall game quality continues to fall... Although market share has not declined dramatically to date, in years such as 2007, which promises to have tremendous competition, it seems likely if quality does not improve."[94][95]
EA had also received criticism for developing games that lack innovation vis-à-vis the number of gaming titles produced under the EA brand that show a history of yearly updates, particularly in their sporting franchises. These typically retail as new games at full market price and feature only updated team rosters in addition to incremental changes to game mechanics, the user interface, and graphics. One critique compared EA to companies like Ubisoft and concluded that EA's innovation in new and old IPs "Crawls along at a snail's pace,"[96] while even the company's own CEO, John Riccitiello, acknowledged the lack of innovation seen in the industry generally, saying, "We're boring people to death and making games that are harder and harder to play. For the most part, the industry has been rinse-and-repeat. There's been lots of product that looked like last year's product, that looked a lot like the year before." EA has announced that it is turning its attention to creating new game IPs in order to stem this trend, with recently acquired and critically acclaimed studios BioWare and Pandemic would be contributing to this process.[97][98] In 2012, EA’s games were ranked highest of all large publishers in the industry, according to Metacritic.[99]
On December 19, 2013, EA was hit with a class action lawsuit over the bugs in the Battlefield 4 DLC. EA issued a statement regarding the various issues and bugs of the game and promised players that these issues would be fixed before the launch of the next generation consoles. This was not the case as players on both the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One had the same problems. The problems were so severe that they made certain parts of the game unplayable due to campaign save files being corrupted and players being unable to start or join multiplayer servers. Players expressed their outrage on the forums of Battlelog, EA Answers HQ and social news sites such as Reddit.[100] EA DICE responded by apologizing for the bugs and promising that they would halt all production of the release of new DLC packages until they fixed the various problems.
Sports licensing and exclusivity[edit]
On June 5, 2008, a lawsuit was filed in Oakland, California alleging Electronic Arts is breaking United States anti-trust laws by signing exclusive contracts with the NFL Players Association, the NCAA and Arena Football League, to use players' names, likenesses and team logos. This keeps other companies from being able to sign the same agreements. The suit further accuses EA of raising the price of games associated with these licenses as a result of this action.[101] In an interview with GameTap, Peter Moore said it was the NFL that sought the deal. "To be clear, the NFL was the entity that wanted the exclusive relationship. EA bid, as did a number of other companies, for the exclusive relationship", Moore said. "It wasn't on our behest that this went exclusive... We bid and we were very fortunate and lucky and delighted to be the winning licensee."[102] While EA argued the player's likenesses was incidentally used, this was rejected by the United States Courts of Appeals in 2015.[103] A further appeal to the US Supreme Court was unsuccessful.[104] In June 2016, EA settled with Jim Brown for $600,000.[105]
On September 26, 2013, EA settled a series of wide-ranging class action lawsuits filed by former NCAA players accusing EA and others of unauthorized use of player likenesses in their football and basketball games. EA settled the lawsuit for an undisclosed amount.[106][107] The settlement is reported to be around $40 million, to be paid to between 200,000 and 300,000 players.[108]
EULA and DRM[edit]
In the September 2008 release of EA's game Spore it was revealed that the DRM scheme included a program called SecuROM and a lifetime machine-activation limit of three (3) instances. A huge public outcry over this DRM scheme broke out over the Internet and swarmed Amazon.com with one-star ratings and critical reviews of the game in order to get EA to "pay attention to their consumers".[109] This DRM scheme, which was intended to hinder the efforts of infringers to illegally use and distribute EA software, instead mainly affected paying customers, as the game itself was copied and distributed well before release.[110] On September 13, 2008, it was announced (by TorrentFreak's statistics) that Spore was the most torrented game ever with over half a million illegal downloads within the first week of release.[111] In response to customer reaction, EA officially announced its release of upcoming Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3 would increase the installation limit to 5 rather than 3.[112]
On September 22, 2008, a global class action lawsuit was filed against EA regarding the DRM in Spore, complaining about EA not disclosing the existence of SecuROM in the game manual, and addressing how SecuROM runs with the nature of a rootkit, including how it remains on the hard drive even after Spore is uninstalled.[113][114][115] On October 14, 2008, a similar class action lawsuit was filed against EA for the inclusion of DRM software in the free demo version of the Creature Creator.[116]
On March 31, 2009, EA released a "De-Authorization Management Tool" that allows customers who have installed games containing the SecuROM activation scheme to "de-authorize" a computer, freeing up one of the five machine "slots" to be used on another machine.[117]
On June 24, 2009, EA announced a change in its approach to preventing copyright infringement of PC games. While eliminating the DRM that uniquely identifies a machine, the plan described a replacement with a traditional CD-key check. With an emphasis on downloaded content, the plan moved toward software as a service.[118] In 2013, EA received criticism regarding its persistent online authentication system as implemented in the SimCity reboot.[119][120]
Advertising[edit]
In 2009, EA arranged a fake protest outside the Electronic Entertainment Expo to draw attention to the game Dante's Inferno.[121] Ostensibly Christian protestors bore placards objecting to the game's themes involving hell and damnation, and it was not clear until several days later that the event had been staged. Several Christian bloggers criticized the event for perpetuating negative stereotypes about Christians.
A 2011 advertising campaign for Dead Space 2 featured older women reacting negatively to the game with the campaign slogan "Your mom hates Dead Space 2". Two hundred women had been selected for their conservative values and lack of familiarity with video games, and their reactions to a screening of the game were featured in EA's web and TV advertisements.[122] The campaign was at first admired, but soon described as sexist and ageist, with some claiming that it was reinforcing outdated stereotypes against female and older gamers.[123][124][125][126] As of 2010, 40% of video game players were women and the average game player was 34 years old.[127]
On February 24, 2011, the Extra Credits team (at the time on The Escapist) published the episode "An Open Letter to EA Marketing", denouncing Electronic Arts' marketing decisions for the Dante's Inferno, Medal of Honor and Dead Space 2 releases. They argue that EA's decisions to hire fake protesters and market games solely on shock value, while neglecting to defend the Medal of Honor on a First Amendment basis for letting the player play as the Taliban, have been hurtful to the gaming industry. They also argue that the advertisements are counterproductive to Electronic Arts' wishes to elevate games to an art medium as demonstrated in the 1980s Electronic Arts ad 'Can a Computer Make You Cry?'.[128][129]
Mass Effect 3's ending was poorly received by both critics and fans due to the inconsistencies between statements by BioWare staff during the game's development and the form the endings ultimately took.[130][131][132][133] Displeased by the ending, one player took his complaint to the Federal Trade Commission, the agency created to protect consumers. His argument was that BioWare did not deliver on the promise of its game, saying the end product did not match with the advertising campaign and PR interviews for the game.[134] The U.S. Better Business Bureau also responded to the controversy, supporting claims by fans that BioWare falsely advertised the player's "complete" control over the game's final outcome.[135][136] The UK's Advertising Standards Authority disagreed, ruling that EA and BioWare were not guilty of false advertisement since the endings were "thematically quite different", and the choices and readiness rating reflected in the ending content were significant enough to avoid actionable misleading of consumers under existing law.[137]
According to a Reddit administrator and a former moderator of the subreddit devoted to the 2015 Star Wars Battlefront, moderators removed posts critical of the game at the direction of EA personnel in exchange for pre-release access to the game.[138]
LGBT controversies[edit]
See also: Gender representation in video games § Portrayal of LGBT characters
EA has been noted for its inclusion of LGBT characters in games, and was among the companies given a perfect LGBT workplace score by the Human Rights Campaign in 2014.[139]
The positive portrayals of LGBT characters in games by EA subsidiary BioWare have motivated fan support and also backlash.[140] Several employees involved in Dragon Age II received hate mail and threats following its release.[140][141] BioWare lead writer David Gaider responded to a fan upset by the game's bisexual romances, denying the fan's ability to speak for all straight male gamers and writing, "the person who says that the only way to please them is to restrict options for others is, if you ask me, the one who deserves it least."[142]
Over the years from 2006 through 2012, various quotes both truly and falsely attributed to BioWare writer Jennifer Hepler were circulated online by fans who considered her emblematic of their complaints.[143] After one quote from a 2006 interview was used to link Hepler with unpopular changes to Dragon Age II's combat systems, Hepler was harassed by telephone and online.[141] The issue tapped into longstanding discontent over games being simplified to appeal to broader audiences.[143] Backlash was also related to Hepler's writing for Anders, the character that prompted the "straight male gamer" complaint.[143][144] According to Susana Polo in The Mary Sue, Hepler's gender may have intensified the harassment she experienced, but it was more directly the result of her being scapegoated for EA's pivot towards casual gamers.[144]
EA refused to abandon plans to add gay romances to Star Wars: The Old Republic that were opposed by the Family Research Council.[145] An online petition gathered more than 60,000 signatures in support of EA's decision before the petition became compromised by automated spam signatures.[146] The automated signatures were discovered by Reddit and 4chan users, who accused EA of using the issue to link broader criticism of EA with homophobia.[146] When eventually added to the game, the same-sex romances were ridiculed for being confined to a single "gay planet".[147]
The Consumerist rating as "Worst Company in America"[edit]
In April 2012, The Consumerist awarded EA with the title of "Worst Company in America" along with a ceremonial Golden Poo trophy.[148] The record-breaking poll drew in more than 250,000 votes and saw EA beating out such regulars as AT&T and Walmart. The final round of voting pitted EA against Bank of America. EA won with 50,575 votes or 64.03%.[149] This result came in the aftermath of the Mass Effect 3 ending controversy which several commentators viewed as a significant contribution to EA's win in the poll.[149][150] Other explanations include use of day-one DLC and EA's habit of acquiring smaller developers to squash competition.[151] EA spokesman John Reseburg responded to the poll by saying, "We're sure that bank presidents, oil, tobacco and weapons companies are all relieved they weren't on the list this year. We're going to continue making award-winning games and services played by more than 300 million people worldwide."[152][153]
In April 2013, EA won The Consumerist's poll for "Worst Company in America" a second time, consecutively, becoming the first company to do so. Games mentioned in the announcement included the critically controversial Mass Effect 3 for its ending, Dead Space 3 for its use of micro transactions, and the more recent SimCity reboot due to its poorly handled launch. Additionally, poor customer support, "nickel and diming", and public dismissiveness of criticisms were also given as explanations for the results of the poll. The Consumerist summarized the results by asking, "When we live in an era marked by massive oil spills, faulty foreclosures by bad banks, and rampant consolidation in the airline and telecom industry, what does it say about EA’s business practices that so many people have — for the second year in a row — come out to hand it the title of Worst Company in America?"[154]
When asked about the poll by VentureBeat, Frank Gibeau, President of EA Labels, responded "we take it seriously, and want to see it change. In the last few months, we have started making changes to the business practices that gamers clearly don’t like."[155] Gibeau attributes the elimination of online passes, the decision to make The Sims 4 a single-player, offline experience, as well as the unveiling of more new games to the shift in thinking. "The point is we are listening, and we are changing," Gibeau said.[155]
Dungeon Keeper Mobile app store vote manipulation[edit]
In 2013, EA released Dungeon Keeper Mobile, a free-to-play mobile variant of the popular 1990's strategy game Dungeon Keeper. The game was poorly received by both game critics and users. Critics noted that an in-game prompt claimed that "5-star ratings from you help us provide free updates!", suggesting that the games' creators would stop providing new content if players did not give the game sufficiently high ratings. The rating system involved a redirect process to the mobile storefront on which the game was sold; it was also pointed out that if players rated the game anything less than 5 stars, the game would not redirect them and not actually cast their vote, never indicating this to the user. This led to accusations of EA fraudulently manipulating the game's rating system and its subsequent score on mobile storefronts.[156]
In June 2014, Electronic Arts CEO Andrew Wilson made a public apology for the game, stating that it was a "shame" that he regretted.[157]
In July 2014, the UK-based Advertising Standards Authority banned a Dungeon Keeper Mobile ad from broadcast, stating that the advertisement "deliberately misled consumers" and made false statements about the game's pricing and free-to-play nature.[158] Later that same month Frank Gibeau, head of EA's mobile division, stated that the game's failure was attributed to audiences "not being ready" and that the game "innovated too much". These remarks resulted in backlash from game journalist media and users alike.[159]
See also[edit]


San Francisco Bay Area portal
Companies portal



History of video games
List of Electronic Arts games

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Electronic Arts Inc. Fiscal Year 2016 Proxy Statement and Annual Report" (PDF). Electronic Arts. Archived (PDF) from the original on March 26, 2017. Retrieved March 25, 2017. 
^ Grub, Jeff (April 20, 2015). "Gaming’s top 25 public companies generated $54.1B in revenue last year". VentureBeat. Archived from the original on April 5, 2016. Retrieved March 23, 2016. 
^ Davison, Pete. "E3: EA's Press Conference: The Round-Up". GamePro. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. 
^ "About Us | Locations". Electronic Arts. Archived from the original on August 19, 2011. 
^ Curtis, Tom. "EA reorganizes after a landmark $1B digital year". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. 
^ Totilo, Stephen. "This is What EA’s Up To (On the Day Zynga Hired One of Their Top Guys)". Kotaku. Archived from the original on January 5, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2017. 
^ "EA.com Acquires Leading Games Destination pogo.com". GameZone. February 28, 2001. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Schonfeld, Erick (November 9, 2009). "Not Playing Around. EA Buys Playfish For $300 Million, Plus a $100 Million Earnout". TechCrunch. Archived from the original on September 25, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Wingfield, Nick (June 3, 2011). "EA to Test Its Might Online". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "EA to Acquire NFS world hack". Archived from the original on August 19, 2014. 
^ Curtis, Tom. "EA reorganizes after a landmark $1B digital year". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2017. 
^ "Electronic Arts entry". Sequoiacap.com. Archived from the original on March 8, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Keefer, John (March 31, 2006). "GameSpy Retro: Developer Origins". GameSpy. Archived from the original on May 31, 2009. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Fleming, Jeffrey (February 12, 2007). "We See Farther - A History of Electronic Arts". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution By Steven Levy, page 335
^ a b "EA Studios: The 32-Bit Generation". Next Generation. Imagine Media (11): 97–99. November 1995. 
^ a b "The History of the Pinball Construction Set: Launching Millions of Creative Possibilities". Gamasutra.com. Archived from the original on March 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Jimmy Maher: The Future was Here, a book published by MIT press, 2012
^ "Electronic Arts Inks Pact With Nintendo". Computer Gaming World. May 1990. p. 50. Archived from the original on December 3, 2013. Retrieved November 16, 2013. 
^ "PlayStation Dominates European Show". Next Generation. Imagine Media (6): 15. June 1995. 
^ "EA Redwood Shores". Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. 
^ "Electronic Arts cuts staff by 5 percent". GameSpot. Archived from the original on April 1, 2014. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Electronic Arts To Acquire Mythic Entertainment". Gamasutra.com. June 20, 2006. Archived from the original on February 14, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Surette, Tim (December 13, 2004). "Big Deal: EA and NFL ink exclusive licensing agreement". GameSpot. Archived from the original on November 13, 2014. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "All Madden, all the time". ESPN. December 14, 2004. Archived from the original on December 7, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA Puts it "In the Game"". Archive.gamespy.com. Archived from the original on March 20, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA moves towards new IPs". Gamesindustry.biz. November 30, 2006. Archived from the original on July 21, 2007. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA to Supply Games for Nokia Mobile Devices | Game Guru". Gameguru.in. September 14, 2006. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ Crecente, Brian (December 8, 2014). "Larry Probst, Electronic Arts' Executive Chairman, Steps Down from Company and Remains on Board". Polygon. Archived from the original on September 24, 2015. Retrieved August 6, 2015. 
^ "EA Announces New Company Structure". Gamasutra.com. June 18, 2007. Archived from the original on February 14, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Kohler, Chris (February 8, 2008). "EA's CEO: How I Learned To Acquire Developers And Not *** Them Up". Blog.wired.com. Archived from the original on April 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Schiesel, Seth (February 19, 2008). "A Company Looks to Its Creative Side to Regain What It Had Lost". The New York Times. Archived from the original on May 12, 2011. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ "EA ships four Mac games". MacWorld. March 17, 2009. Archived from the original on November 11, 2015. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Terdiman, Daniel (February 24, 2008). "EA tries to buy Take-Two to keep its top spot". CNET. Archived from the original on September 23, 2015. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ McWhertor, Michael (December 20, 2007). "Take-two Interactive: Analyst "Convinced" That Take-Two Will Be Swallowed". Kotaku. Archived from the original on December 23, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Dinsey, Stuart (February 7, 2008). "Viacom to buy Take Two for $1.5 billion?". MCVUK. Archived from the original on September 11, 2014. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Electronic Arts to acquire Korean mobile developer". Associated Press. May 22, 2008. Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "Electronic Arts drops buyout bid for rival". CTV News. Archived from the original on June 28, 2012. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Crecente, Brian (November 6, 2008). "Electronic Arts: Electronic Arts Ditches Casual Label, Merges It With The Sims". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on March 19, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Crecente, Brian (October 30, 2008). "Electronic Arts: Electronic Arts Lays Off Six Hundred". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on April 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ McWhertor, Michael (October 30, 2008). "Things Are Tough All Over: EA Loses $310 million, Sees "Weakness At Retail" In October". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on December 19, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Wolverton, Troy (February 3, 2009). "Electronic Arts has lousy quarter; slashes 1,100 jobs". The Mercury News. Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. Retrieved May 2, 2009. 
^ "EA loss widens after weak holiday season". The Orlando Sentinel. Associated Press. February 4, 2009. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved May 2, 2009. 
^ Webster, Andrew (June 24, 2009). "EA combines BioWare and Mythic into new RPG/MMO group". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on June 25, 2009. Retrieved June 25, 2009. 
^ BioWare Community Team (September 18, 2012). "RAY MUZYKA & GREG ZESCHUK RETIRE". BioWare. Archived from the original on August 24, 2013. Retrieved September 6, 2013. 
^ Muzyka, Ray (September 18, 2012). "FROM RAY MUZYKA". BioWare. Archived from the original on March 21, 2015. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Zeschuk, Greg (September 18, 2012). "FROM GREG ZESCHUK". BioWare. Archived from the original on March 21, 2015. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Yukari Iwatani, Kane (November 9, 2009). "EA to Acquire Playfish for $275 million". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved November 9, 2009. 
^ "Electronic Arts posts loss, to cut jobs". Reuters. November 9, 2009. Archived from the original on May 14, 2012. Retrieved November 9, 2009. 
^ Crecente, Brian. "Confirmed: EA Closes Pandemic Studios, Says Brand Will Live On". Archived from the original on November 19, 2009. Retrieved November 17, 2009. 
^ "EA buys Angry Birds publisher Chillingo". LA times. October 20, 2010. Archived from the original on October 23, 2010. Retrieved October 21, 2010. 
^ "Electronic Arts Announces Change in Executive Leadership". Electronic Arts. Archived from the original on March 19, 2013. Retrieved March 18, 2013. 
^ Cutler, Kim-Mai (April 25, 2013). "Here’s EA’s Internal Memo On The Layoffs Today". TechCrunch. AOL. Archived from the original on May 4, 2013. Retrieved May 8, 2013. 
^ Paczkowski, John (May 9, 2013). "EA Reboot Cost 900 Jobs". All Things Digital. Dow Jones. Archived from the original on May 13, 2013. Retrieved May 8, 2013. 
^ Sarker, Samit (May 6, 2013). "EA and Disney sign exclusive deal for rights to Star Wars games". Polygon. Archived from the original on April 27, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ Machkovech, Sam (May 5, 2015). "Respawn has been working on a Star Wars action-adventure game for two years". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on May 5, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ "Andrew Wilson named EA CEO". Gamespot. Archived from the original on October 23, 2013. Retrieved September 18, 2013. 
^ Handrahan, Matthew. "EA is closing two-thirds of its core free-to-play games". gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on May 11, 2015. Retrieved May 10, 2015. 
^ Futter, Mike (June 16, 2015). "EA's Future Includes More Smaller Games Like Unravel". Game Informer. Archived from the original on June 20, 2015. Retrieved June 16, 2015. 
^ Pereira, Chris (December 10, 2015). "EA Launching Its Own Competitive Gaming Division Headed by Peter Moore". GameSpot. Archived from the original on December 13, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Makuch, Eddie (May 17, 2016). "EA Forms New Team to Explore Future Tech, Including Virtual Humans for VR". GameSpot. Archived from the original on May 21, 2016. Retrieved May 18, 2016. 
^ Totilo, Stephen. "The Unexpected Gamer Who Runs EA". Kotaku. Archived from the original on June 24, 2010. 
^ "EDGAR Online via Yahoo! Finance, Electronic Arts FY 2008 10K Filing". Yahoo.brand.edgar-online.com. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b "EA restructuring corporate positions, Patrick Söderlund to take over as head of EA Sports". VG247.com. Archived from the original on November 3, 2013. 
^ "The Sims Boss Lucy Bradshaw Leaves EA After 23 Years". GameSpot. Archived from the original on September 25, 2015. Retrieved May 19, 2016. 
^ Hall, Charlie (June 10, 2017). "SEED is a stealthy, high-tech incubator inside EA". Polygon. Archived from the original on June 10, 2017. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ Davidson, John (June 10, 2017). "EA Boss Andrew Wilson's Vision of Gaming's Future Will Blow Your Mind". Glixel. Archived from the original on June 12, 2017. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ Kerr, Chris (June 12, 2017). "EA opens 'SEED' game tech research division". Gamasutra. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ "1995: The Calm Before the Storm?". Next Generation. Imagine Media (13): 38. January 1996. 
^ Davis, Ian (September 27, 2013). "Exclusive: EA Shutters North Carolina Studio". The Escapist. Archived from the original on December 6, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Futter, Mike (November 4, 2014). "EA Terminates Development Of MOBA Dawngate, Service Ends In 90 Days". Game Informer. Archived from the original on October 8, 2016. 
^ "EA Partners signs new Insomniac game | Games Industry | MCV". Mcvuk.com. May 25, 2010. Archived from the original on May 11, 2011. Retrieved March 19, 2011. 
^ "Funcom and Electronic Arts to co-publish ‘The Secret World’ MMO – The Secret World Official Forums". Darkdemonscrygaia.com. January 10, 2011. Archived from the original on May 11, 2011. Retrieved March 19, 2011. 
^ Fahey, Mike (June 12, 2016). "EA Originals Gives Big Support To Small Games". Kotaku. Archived from the original on June 12, 2016. Retrieved June 12, 2016. 
^ Ashcraft, Brian (January 8, 2008). "2008 Tech Emmy Winners". Kotaku. Archived from the original on September 29, 2012. Retrieved August 30, 2012. In 2008, Pinball Construction Set was awarded at the 59th Annual Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards for User Generated Content/Game Modification 
^ Massey, Dana (October 11, 2005). ""The Conquest of Origin", page 2". Escapistmagazine.com. Archived from the original on February 12, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Many believe Ultima IX was unfairly maligned because of rushed development schedule". Pc.gamespy.com. May 7, 2004. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Ultima VIII received poorly by fans". Gamefaqs.com. Archived from the original on June 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Ultima IX received poorly by fans". Gamefaqs.com. Archived from the original on April 18, 2010. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Thorsen, Tor (July 15, 2008). "E3 2008: Video Q&A: Carmack on 'one-game' id-EA deal". GameSpot. CBS Interactive. Archived from the original on August 15, 2011. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Zealot, Funky (February 25, 2004). "EA to Shut Down Origin Systems". GamePro. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Matei, Robert (October 17, 2006). "EA Closes Down Warrington Studio – Another development studio shut down". Softpedia. Archived from the original on June 9, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Sinclair, Brendan (October 6, 2006). "EA shuts down DICE Canada". GameSpot. Archived from the original on March 29, 2014. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Nutt, Christian (January 26, 2005). "Layoffs and Restructuring at EA LA". 1UP.com. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Electronic Arts buys stake in Ubisoft in "hostile" act". Gamespot. Archived from the original on January 17, 2016. 
^ Miller, Ross (May 29, 2007). "Ubisoft president 'still considering' EA acquisition". Joystiq. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Makuch, Eddie (July 16, 2010). "Electronic Arts sells its stake in Ubisoft". GameSpot. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Electronic Arts Sells 15% Stake In France's Ubisoft". The Glass Garden. July 16, 2010. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "The original ea_spouse blog entry". LiveJournal. Archived from the original on February 15, 2016. 
^ Feldman, Curt (November 11, 2004). "Employees readying class-action lawsuit against EA". Gamespot.com. Archived from the original on November 13, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Programmers Win EA Overtime Settlement, EA_Spouse Revealed". Gamasutra.com. Archived from the original on April 29, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "'Big corporation' does a turnaround". Archived from the original on July 23, 2012. Retrieved August 29, 2012. 
^ "'EA_Spouse' Hoffman: Quality Of Life Still Issue, Despite EA Improvement". Gamasutra.com. May 13, 2008. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Sinclair, Brendan (November 30, 2006). "Analyst: EA brand tarnished". Gamespot.com. Archived from the original on October 18, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Reimer, Jeremy (December 1, 2006). "EA brand "tarnished" according to analyst". Arstechnica.com. Archived from the original on October 20, 2012. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA innovation crawls along at "snail's pace"". Gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on January 22, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA CEO John Riccitiello: More innovation is needed in videogames". Gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on January 22, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "BioWare/Pandemic deal goes through". Archived from the original on September 21, 2012. Retrieved August 29, 2012. 
^ Dietz, Jason. "Metacritic's 3rd Annual Game Publisher Rankings". metacritic.com. Archived from the original on May 8, 2013. 
^ "EA Class-Action Lawsuit: 'Battlefield 4' Bugs And 'BF4' DLC Problems Trigger Suit; Electronic Arts Denies Wrongdoing". Archived from the original on December 23, 2013. 
^ "Anti-trust lawsuit over exclusive license contracts" (PDF). Archived (PDF) from the original on May 10, 2011. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ Kuchera, Ben (June 12, 2008). "Lawsuit flags EA for illegal procedure on football monopoly". Arstechnica. Archived from the original on October 1, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Kravets, David (January 6, 2015). "NFL players win appeals court ruling in EA Madden NFL flap". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on July 10, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ Kravets, David (March 21, 2016). "Supreme Court punts in 1st Amendment Madden NFL legal fight". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on July 7, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ Kravets, David (June 28, 2016). "EA punts, gives $600k to former football star in Madden NFL rights flap". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on June 28, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ "EA Sports settles suits, thousands of players eligible for money". Archived from the original on September 27, 2013. 
^ Eder, Steve (September 26, 2013). "E.A. Sports Settles Lawsuit With College Athletes". The New York Times. Archived from the original on February 19, 2017. 
^ Rovell, Darren (September 28, 2013). "Players to receive $40 million". ESPN. Archived from the original on July 21, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ "Copyright row dogs Spore release". BBC News. September 10, 2008. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Spore's Piracy Problem". Forbes. September 12, 2008. Archived from the original on November 7, 2008. Retrieved November 18, 2008. 
^ Ernesto (September 13, 2008). "Spore: Most Pirated Game Ever Thanks to DRM". TorrentFreak. Archived from the original on September 15, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "EA Sticking With SecuROM (Though Red Alert 3's Will Go A Little Easier On You)". Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "A copy of the Spore complaint filed" (PDF). CourtHouseNews.com. Archived (PDF) from the original on January 17, 2016. 
^ Faylor, Chris (September 24, 2008). "Spore DRM Prompts $5M Class Action Lawsuit". ShackNews. Archived from the original on September 25, 2008. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ Fahey, Mike (September 24, 2008). "Class Action Lawsuit Arises Over Spore DRM". Kotaku. Archived from the original on September 27, 2008. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ "Spore Creature Creator Demo prompts class action". Archived from the original on December 10, 2008. 
^ "EA Releases DRM License Deactivation Tool". slashdot.org. March 31, 2009. Archived from the original on April 21, 2009. Retrieved April 3, 2009. 
^ "EA's new motto: please pirate our games... er, storefronts". Ars Technica. June 24, 2009. Archived from the original on June 25, 2009. Retrieved June 25, 2009. 
^ "We are the SimCity dev team from Maxis. AMAA!". Maxis. Archived from the original on December 18, 2012. Retrieved December 24, 2012. 
^ "Cloud Computing is Why the New SimCity Needs an Always-On Connection, Studio Says". Kotaku. December 26, 2012. Archived from the original on December 30, 2012. Retrieved December 27, 2012. 
^ Pigna, Kris (June 13, 2009). "EA's Fake Dante's Inferno Protest Spurs Real Christian Backlash". 1UP.com. [permanent dead link]
^ Benedetti, Winda. "Your Mama Plays 'Dead Space 2'". Archived from the original on January 25, 2011. 
^ Glen M. "Shame on EA". Archived from the original on January 26, 2011. 
^ Tilley, Steve. "Dead Space 2 overcomes familiarity factor". Archived from the original on February 1, 2011. 
^ Tassi, Paul (January 24, 2011). "EA Using Mom’s Disapproval to Sell Dead Space 2". Forbes. Archived from the original on February 2, 2011. 
^ Williams, Mary Elizabeth. ""Dead Space 2": Your mom doesn't want you to play this video game". Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "Essential Facts About The Computer And Video Game Industry" (PDF). Entertainment Software Association. Archived (PDF) from the original on November 26, 2015. 
^ Electronic Arts. "Electronic Arts: Can a Computer Make You Cry?". Archived from the original on July 18, 2010. 
^ Extra Credits. "Extra Credits: An Open Letter to EA Marketing". Archived from the original on January 4, 2012. 
^ Hornshaw, Phil (March 9, 2012). "Player Starts Poll Asking BioWare for New Mass Effect 3 Ending". GameFront. Archived from the original on March 13, 2012. Retrieved March 10, 2012. 
^ Sterling, Jim (March 10, 2012). "Mass Effect 3 fans petition BioWare to change the ending". Destructoid. Archived from the original on March 14, 2012. Retrieved March 10, 2012. 
^ Langshaw, Mark (March 11, 2012). "'Mass Effect 3' fans campaign to change ending". Digital Spy. Archived from the original on March 16, 2012. Retrieved March 11, 2012. 
^ Molina, Brett (March 19, 2012). "BioWare: No decision yet on 'Mass Effect 3' ending". USA Today. Archived from the original on March 21, 2012. Retrieved March 19, 2012. 
^ Gregory, Jon (March 17, 2012). "Mass Effect 3 Ending Fighter Goes To The FTC - News". www.GameInformer.com. Archived from the original on April 19, 2012. Retrieved April 22, 2012. 
^ "Better Business Bureau Says BioWare Falsely Advertised Mass Effect 3 - Softpedia". Softpedia. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. Retrieved April 13, 2012. 
^ "Mass Effect 3 falsely advertised, says BBB - GameSpot.com". GameSpot. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. Retrieved April 13, 2012. 
^ "BioWare and EA cleared of ME3 advertising kerfuffle". ScrewAttack.com. Retrieved August 15, 2012. 
^ Lemon, Marshall (November 13, 2015). "EA Rep May Have Influenced Reddit Mods To Censor Battlefront Critics". The Escapist. Archived from the original on November 17, 2015. 
^ Farokhmanesh, Megan (November 26, 2014). "EA scores top marks for LGBT equability in the workplace". Polygon. Archived from the original on January 5, 2016. 
^ a b "BioWare writer received death threats to family". Metro. August 16, 2013. Archived from the original on February 20, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Crecente, Brian (August 15, 2013). "Plague of game dev harassment erodes industry, spurs support groups". Polygon. Archived from the original on November 30, 2015. 
^ Fahey, Mike (March 24, 2011). "Dragon Age II Writer Eloquently Defends The Game's Sexuality Balance". Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b c Griffiths, Daniel Nye (February 21, 2012). "The Changing Face of Games: Feeling Angry and Ignored, Fans Look for Someone to Blame". Forbes. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Polo, Susana (February 20, 2012). "Inclusion: What Jennifer Hepler’s Story is All About". Archived from the original on February 21, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Chalk, Andy (January 27, 2012). "Family Research Council Warns of Gay Relationships in The Old Republic". The Escapist. Archived from the original on March 11, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Serrels, Mark (April 11, 2012). "Star Wars: The Old Republic Petition Attacked By Hackers, Temporarily Shut Down". Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Hamilton, Mary (January 25, 2013). "Star Wars: The Old Republic, the gay planet and the problem of the straight male gaze". The Guardian. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Morran, Chris (April 4, 2012). "The Voters Have Spoken: EA Is Your Worst Company In America For 2012!". Consumerist. Archived from the original on August 7, 2012. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ a b Gaudiosi, John (April 7, 2012). "Electronic Arts Named Worst Company in America". The Hollywood Reporter. Archived from the original on May 11, 2012. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (April 8, 2012). "EA, named America's worst company, tries to make amends". CNET. CBS Interactive. Archived from the original on February 21, 2014. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Tiffany (April 4, 2012). "Electronic Arts: 'Worst company in America'? Consumerist says yes". Los Angeles Times. Archived from the original on October 27, 2012. 
^ Brightman, James (April 4, 2012). "EA responds to "worst company" label from Consumerist". gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on October 24, 2013. Retrieved July 9, 2013. 
^ Kain, Erik (April 4, 2012). "EA Responds To 'Worst Company' Award By Mentioning Past Winners". Forbes. Archived from the original on July 20, 2013. Retrieved July 9, 2013. 
^ Morran, Chris (April 9, 2013). "EA Makes Worst Company In America History, Wins Title For Second Year In A Row!". Consumerist. Archived from the original on November 9, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ a b Takahashi, Dean. "EA exec Frank Gibeau: Betting on next-gen consoles, mobile, and doing right by consumers (interview)". VentureBeat. Archived from the original on July 28, 2013. 
^ Webster, Andrew (September 30, 2013). "EA steers angry customers away from reviewing games at Google Play". The Verge. Archived from the original on February 10, 2014. Retrieved February 11, 2014. 
^ Owen, Phil (June 29, 2014). "EA CEO Wilson: Dungeon Keeper Mobile Was 'A Shame'". Kotaku. Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 27, 2015. Retrieved March 18, 2015. 
^ Yin-Poole, Wesley (July 2, 2014). "UK watchdog bans Dungeon Keeper ad, accuses EA of "misleading" customers". Eurogamer. Archived from the original on January 9, 2015. Retrieved January 8, 2015. 
^ Davis, Ian (July 9, 2014). "EA: Dungeon Keeper Failed by "Innovating Too Much"". Escapist. Escapist Magazine. Archived from the original on April 2, 2015. Retrieved March 18, 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Sinclair, Brendan (January 4, 2006). "Innovation: does size matter?". GameSpot. CBS Interactive. 
ea_spouse (November 10, 2004). "EA: The Human Story". LiveJournal. Archived from the original on February 15, 2016. 
Becker, David (March 8, 2005). "Game makers see workplace changes". CNET. CBS Interactive. 
Totilo, Stephen (September 12, 2006). "What's The 'Coolest Job Ever'? Electronic Arts' Summer Interns Tell Their Story". MTV. Viacom International. 
Deck, Stewart (December 19, 2000). "Six Degrees of Hire Learning". ITworld. IDG Communications. 
Varney, Allen (October 11, 2005). "The Conquest of Origin". The Escapist. Defy Media. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Electronic Arts.



Official website



Business data for Electronic Arts, Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Electronic Arts



Employees





Founder




Trip Hawkins






Current




Larry Probst (Executive Chairman)
Andrew Wilson (CEO)
Patrick Söderlund (EVP)
Will Wright
Joe Ybarra






Former




Bing Gordon
Don Mattrick
Jeff Green
Ralph Guggenheim
Robin Hunicke
Greg Kasavin
Peter Moore
John Riccitiello











Subsidiaries





Current




BioWare
Criterion Games
EA Canada
EA DICE

DICE Los Angeles


EA Mobile
EA Montreal
EA Salt Lake
EA Singapore
EA Sports
EA Tiburon
European Integration Studio
Firemonkeys Studios
Ghost Games
Maxis
Motive Studios
PopCap Games
The Sims Studio
Visceral Games






Defunct




Bullfrog Productions
Danger Close Games
EA Black Box
EA Bright Light
EA Chicago
EA Phenomic
EA UK
Kesmai
Mythic Entertainment
Origin Systems
Pandemic Studios
Playfish
Victory Games
Westwood Studios








Franchises



Army of Two
Battlefield
Bejeweled
Burnout
Command & Conquer
Crysis
Dead Space
Dragon Age
FIFA
Madden NFL
Mass Effect
Medal of Honor
Mirror's Edge
NBA Live
NCAA Football
Need for Speed
NHL
Plants vs. Zombies
Rock Band
SimCity
Skate
Star Wars: Battlefront
Spore
SSX
The Sims
Ultima
Wing Commander





Related



EA Access
Origin
Pogo.com
RenderWare
Frostbite
Ignite
List of acquisitions by Electronic Arts
List of Electronic Arts games






Category










v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecommunications Corporation

China Telecom


China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Sim video games



SimCity series





Main games




SimCity (1989)
SimCity 2000
SimCity 3000
SimCity 4

Rush Hour


SimCity (2013)






Other games




64
DS
Societies
Snap City
DS 2
Creator
Social








The Sims series





Main games




The Sims
The Sims 2
The Sims 3
The Sims 4






Other games




Online
Bustin' Out
The Urbz
Life Stories
Pet Stories
Castaway Stories
Medieval

Pirates and Nobles


Social
FreePlay






MySims




MySims
Kingdom
Party
Racing
Agents
SkyHeroes








Spore





Expansions




Galactic Adventures






Spin-offs




Creature Creator
Creatures
Origins
Hero
Hero Arena
Darkspore






Other




Development








Sim



SimEarth
SimAnt
SimLife
SimFarm
SimRefinery
SimTower
SimHealth
SimIsle
SimTown
SimPark
SimGolf
SimTunes
Sim Theme Park
SimCopter
Streets of SimCity
SimSafari
SimCoaster
Sid Meier's SimGolf
SimMars (cancelled)
SimAnimals





Related articles



Simlish
Electronic Arts
Maxis
Will Wright
Lincity
Yoot Tower
The Tower SP
BeyondSims






 Category







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137191582
LCCN: n93043443
ISNI: 0000 0001 2291 0054
GND: 2149193-8
SUDOC: 086228811
BNF: cb140318401 (data)
BNE: XX132366










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Electronic_Arts&oldid=790722573"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQ1982 establishments in CaliforniaAcademy of Interactive Arts & Sciences membersCompanies based in Redwood City, CaliforniaElectronic ArtsEntertainment companies based in CaliforniaEntertainment companies established in 1982Entertainment Software AssociationInternational Game Developers Association membersMac software companiesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesSoftware companies based in the San Francisco Bay AreaVideo game companies based in CaliforniaVideo game companies established in 1982Video game companies of the United StatesVideo game development companiesVideo game publishersWargame companiesHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles that may be too long from February 2017Use mdy dates from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2016Articles with unsourced statements from August 2007Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתქართულიLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиBahasa MelayuМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 15 July 2017, at 17:35.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

























Electronic Arts (@EA) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Electronic ArtsVerified account



@EA












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
27.8K
            



Following
Following
410



Followers
Followers
4.98M



Likes
Likes
3,220



Lists
Lists
6


Moments
Moments
1
 
 
More 







Likes
Lists
Moments






Unmute @EA

Mute @EA



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Electronic ArtsVerified account



@EA


Official Twitter account for EA. Follow for updates on all your favorite EA games. For account help, visit http://help.ea.com  or Tweet @EAHelp



            Redwood City, CA

      



 
    EA.com
  




Joined June 2008












                
                3,049 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @EA
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @EA
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Electronic Arts followed
        

























Electronic Arts‏Verified account @EA

14h14 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







A big thank you to all of our Ultimate Team players!

More stats here: http://x.ea.com/33728 pic.twitter.com/4GWqBhx0ok
















8 replies




9 retweets




131 likes








Reply


8







Retweet


9




Retweeted


9








Like


131





Liked


131










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Electronic Arts‏Verified account @EA

16h16 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







We're so glad you're having so much fun with #TheSims4!

More stats: http://x.ea.com/33728 pic.twitter.com/aWD0yFswSA
















14 replies




20 retweets




191 likes








Reply


14







Retweet


20




Retweeted


20








Like


191





Liked


191










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Electronic Arts‏Verified account @EA

18h18 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







We are so proud of our #Battlefield community!

More stats here: http://x.ea.com/33728 pic.twitter.com/YC5poWqUef
















18 replies




50 retweets




268 likes








Reply


18







Retweet


50




Retweeted


50








Like


268





Liked


268










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Electronic Arts Retweeted
            







Xbox‏Verified account @Xbox

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Play, live, and explore any way you’d like in @TheSims 4 [T], available now for pre-order: http://bit.ly/2tZhsaV  #XboxOnepic.twitter.com/rbNEPs1mW3



















130 replies




538 retweets




1,940 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Electronic Arts Retweeted
            







PlayStation‏Verified account @PlayStation

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







The Sims 4 is coming to PS4! http://play.st/2uYaKXk  Out November 17, pre-order the Deluxe Party Edition to play 3 days earlypic.twitter.com/xghCLF91OW
















281 replies




1,405 retweets




3,483 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Electronic Arts Retweeted
            







EA SPORTS Madden NFL‏Verified account @EAMaddenNFL

23h23 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







The best running back in #Madden18 might surprise you...

Top 5 Running Backs: http://x.ea.com/33726 pic.twitter.com/e8RQMuJvdD
















60 replies




155 retweets




457 likes








Reply


60







Retweet


155




Retweeted


155








Like


457





Liked


457










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Electronic Arts‏Verified account @EA

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Iden's two closest teammates are Gideon Hask and Del Meeko.

Get ready for Inferno Squad in #StarWarsBattlefrontII: http://x.ea.com/33700 pic.twitter.com/Y7Ex54KsoG



















11 replies




62 retweets




285 likes








Reply


11







Retweet


62




Retweeted


62








Like


285





Liked


285










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Electronic Arts Retweeted
            







The Sims‏Verified account @TheSims

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Get excited. #TheSims4 is coming to Xbox One and PlayStation 4 on November 17th. http://x.ea.com/33692 pic.twitter.com/1P17q8aIvk









Get excited. #TheSims4 is coming to Xbox One and PlayStation 4 on November 17th.










340 replies




1,067 retweets




3,089 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Electronic Arts‏Verified account @EA

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







We are so proud to have @GirlsWhoCode with us all summer!

http://x.ea.com/33718 pic.twitter.com/n5m4YuS3Wd
















6 replies




37 retweets




178 likes








Reply


6







Retweet


37




Retweeted


37








Like


178





Liked


178










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Electronic Arts Retweeted
            







Need for Speed‏Verified account @NeedforSpeed

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Customization 101, everything you need to know 
http://x.ea.com/33538 pic.twitter.com/YK8pfqAOTX



















266 replies




1,344 retweets




3,177 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Electronic Arts‏Verified account @EA

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Hey Rookie, Welcome to #Madden18!pic.twitter.com/hr1BgDqmcT









Madden 18 Rookie Ratings
Watch the 2017 NFL draft class reacts to their Madden 18 ratings using their favorite emojis. 










32 replies




45 retweets




233 likes








Reply


32







Retweet


45




Retweeted


45








Like


233





Liked


233










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Electronic Arts Retweeted
            







#NHL18‏Verified account @EASPORTSNHL

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#NHL18BETA codes are being sent out. Check your emails and get in the game!pic.twitter.com/pJYdEtu3Sm
















484 replies




297 retweets




1,184 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Electronic Arts Retweeted
            







Need for Speed‏Verified account @NeedforSpeed

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







We heard you had a thing for neon lights, check back tomorrow for customization 101. Hit subscribe & don't miss it http://bit.ly/2qVz7PO pic.twitter.com/mVlYjMqcdJ
















377 replies




1,000 retweets




3,532 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Electronic Arts‏Verified account @EA

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







More defined touches + tighter turns are in #FIFA18! 

http://x.ea.com/33702 pic.twitter.com/Swjp1HdcWP









FIFA 18 - Real Player Motion Tech - New Gameplay Features
New gameplay features in FIFA 18 bring the best players of the World's Game to life, making your favourite footballers move and act as they do on the pitch.










27 replies




117 retweets




447 likes








Reply


27







Retweet


117




Retweeted


117








Like


447





Liked


447










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Electronic Arts‏Verified account @EA

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Pumped for #StarWarsBattlefrontII? 

Get ready to join Inferno Squad: http://x.ea.com/33699 pic.twitter.com/gWZhKIXfps



















13 replies




75 retweets




349 likes








Reply


13







Retweet


75




Retweeted


75








Like


349





Liked


349










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Electronic Arts Retweeted
            







EAStarWars‏Verified account @EAStarWars

Jul 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Inferno Squad keeps the galaxy safe. Meet the soldiers under the masks: http://x.ea.com/33589 pic.twitter.com/VymXFFla7B
















21 replies




177 retweets




954 likes








Reply


21







Retweet


177




Retweeted


177








Like


954





Liked


954










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Electronic Arts‏Verified account @EA

Jul 23






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Longshot is a football movie you can play!

Go behind-the-scenes and see how the mode was built: http://x.ea.com/33674 pic.twitter.com/mJaLxM5gFs
















20 replies




33 retweets




217 likes








Reply


20







Retweet


33




Retweeted


33








Like


217





Liked


217










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Electronic Arts‏Verified account @EA

Jul 23






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Always wanted to work in gaming?

Meet @TheFiremonkeys Analytics team: http://x.ea.com/33673 pic.twitter.com/sj4dtoSpkr
















12 replies




33 retweets




254 likes








Reply


12







Retweet


33




Retweeted


33








Like


254





Liked


254










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Electronic Arts‏Verified account @EA

Jul 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







What's next for Alex Hunter?

http://x.ea.com/33672 pic.twitter.com/fZ9hFtBMKM
















37 replies




47 retweets




445 likes








Reply


37







Retweet


47




Retweeted


47








Like


445





Liked


445










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Electronic Arts‏Verified account @EA

Jul 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







MUT Squads are in #Madden18!

http://x.ea.com/33671 pic.twitter.com/rhOv4CEJfw
















19 replies




29 retweets




138 likes








Reply


19







Retweet


29




Retweeted


29








Like


138





Liked


138










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @EA hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























Electronic Arts - Wikipedia






















 






Electronic Arts

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"EA" redirects here. For other uses, see EA (disambiguation).





This article may be too long to read and navigate comfortably. Please consider splitting content into sub-articles, condensing it, or adding or removing subheadings. (February 2017)



Electronic Arts Inc.





The EA headquarters building at Redwood City, California in May 2011.




Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: EA
NASDAQ-100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Video game industry


Founded
May 27, 1982; 35 years ago (1982-05-27) in San Mateo, California, U.S.


Founder
Trip Hawkins


Headquarters
Redwood City, California, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Larry Probst (Chairman)
Andrew Wilson (CEO)





Products
Army of Two series
Battlefield series
Burnout series
Command & Conquer series
Crysis series
Dead Space series
Dragon Age series
FIFA series
Fight Night series
Madden NFL series
Mass Effect series
Medal of Honor series
NBA Live series
NCAA Football series
Need for Speed series
NHL series
Plants vs. Zombies series
Rock Band series
SimCity series
The Simpsons series
The Sims series
Skate series
SSX series
Star Wars series


Revenue
 US$4.396 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$898 million (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$1.156 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$7.050 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$3.396 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

8,500 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
List of Electronic Arts subsidiaries
BioWare
Criterion Games
EA Canada
EA Digital Illusions CE
EA Mobile
EA Montreal
EA Tiburon
Firemonkeys Studios
Ghost Games
Maxis
Motive Studios
PopCap Games
The Sims Studio
Visceral Games


Website
ea.com


Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) is an American video game company headquartered in Redwood City, California. Founded and incorporated on May 28, 1982 by Trip Hawkins, the company was a pioneer of the early home computer games industry and was notable for promoting the designers and programmers responsible for its games. As of 2014, Electronic Arts was the world's fourth-largest gaming company by revenue after Tencent, Sony and Microsoft [2] The company sparked controversies over its advertising efforts, and acquisition of other studios.
Currently, EA develops and publishes games under several labels including EA Sports titles FIFA, Madden NFL, NHL, NCAA Football, NBA Live, and SSX. Other EA labels produce established franchises such as Battlefield, Need for Speed, The Sims, Medal of Honor, Command & Conquer, as well as newer franchises such as Crysis, Dead Space, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, Army of Two, Titanfall and Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, produced in partnership with LucasArts.[3] EA also owns and operates major gaming studios, EA Tiburon in Orlando, EA Canada in Burnaby, BioWare in Edmonton as well as Montreal, and DICE in Sweden.[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1982–2000 - The Beginning
1.2 2000–2007
1.3 2007–2013
1.4 2013–present


2 Electronic Arts company structure

2.1 EA Games
2.2 EA Sports
2.3 EA Maxis
2.4 EA All Play
2.5 SEED


3 Owned studios and partnership companies

3.1 Current
3.2 Defunct
3.3 EA Partners program
3.4 EA Originals program


4 Games by Electronic Arts

4.1 Upcoming titles


5 Controversies

5.1 Studio acquisition and management practices
5.2 Treatment of employees
5.3 Game quality
5.4 Sports licensing and exclusivity
5.5 EULA and DRM
5.6 Advertising
5.7 LGBT controversies
5.8 The Consumerist rating as "Worst Company in America"
5.9 Dungeon Keeper Mobile app store vote manipulation


6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



History[edit]
The company began developing games in-house and supported consoles by the early 1990s. EA later grew via acquisition of several successful developers. By the early 2000s, EA had become one of the world's largest third-party publishers. On May 4, 2011, EA reported $3.8 billion in revenues for the fiscal year ending March 2011, and on January 13, 2012, EA announced that it had exceeded $1 billion in digital revenue during the previous calendar year.[5] In a note to employees, EA CEO John Riccitiello called this "an incredibly important milestone" for the company.[6] EA began to move toward direct distribution of digital games and services with the acquisition of the popular online gaming site Pogo.com in 2001.[7] In 2009, EA acquired the London-based social gaming startup Playfish,[8] and in June 2011, EA launched Origin, an online service to sell downloadable games directly to consumers.[9] There is also a "On The House" feature in Origin that lets you download full versions of EA games for free, it is updated regularly. In July 2011, EA announced that it had acquired PopCap Games, the company behind hits such as Plants vs. Zombies and Bejeweled.[10]
EA continued its shift toward digital goods in 2012, folding its mobile-focused EA Interactive (EAi) division "into other organizations throughout the company, specifically those divisions led by EA Labels president Frank Gibeau, COO Peter Moore, and CTO Rajat Taneja, and EVP of digital Kristian Segerstrale."[11]
1982–2000 - The Beginning[edit]




Founder of EA Trip Hawkins.


In February 1982, Trip Hawkins arranged a meeting with Don Valentine of Sequoia Capital[12] to discuss financing his new venture, Amazin' Software. Valentine encouraged Hawkins to leave Apple Inc., where Hawkins served as Director of Product Marketing, and allowed Hawkins use of Sequoia Capital's spare office space to start the company. On May 28, 1982, Trip Hawkins incorporated and established the company with a personal investment of an estimated US$200,000. The company was not named Amazin' Software, but instead Electronic Arts. Seven months later in December 1982, Hawkins secured US$2 million of venture capital from Sequoia Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, and Sevin Rosen Funds.




Electronic Arts' original corporate logo, 1982–2000.


For more than seven months, Hawkins refined his Electronic Arts business plan. With aid from his first employee (with whom he worked in marketing at Apple), Rich Melmon, the original plan was written, mostly by Hawkins, on an Apple II in Sequoia Capital's office in August 1982. During that time, Hawkins also employed two of his former staff from Apple, Dave Evans and Pat Marriott, as producers, and a Stanford MBA classmate, Jeff Burton from Atari for international business development. The business plan was again refined in September and reissued on October 8, 1982. By November, employee headcount rose to 11, including Tim Mott, Bing Gordon, David Maynard, and Steve Hayes.[13][14] Having outgrown the office space provided by Sequoia Capital, the company relocated to a San Mateo office that overlooked the San Francisco Airport landing path. Headcount rose rapidly in 1983, including Don Daglow, Richard Hilleman, Stewart Bonn, David Gardner, and Nancy Fong.
He recruited his original employees from Apple, Atari, Xerox PARC, and VisiCorp, and got Steve Wozniak to agree to sit on the board of directors.[15]
Hawkins was determined to sell directly to buyers. Combined with the fact that Hawkins was pioneering new game brands, this made sales growth more challenging. Retailers wanted to buy known brands from existing distribution partners. After more flyers were handed out, former CEO Larry Probst arrived as VP of Sales in late 1984 and helped the company sustain growth into US$18 million in its third full year.[citation needed] This policy of dealing directly with retailers gave EA higher margins and better market awareness, key advantages the company would leverage to leapfrog its early competitors.[16]
In December 1986, David Gardner and Mark Lewkaspais moved to the UK to open a European headquarters. Up until that point publishing of Electronic Arts Games, and the conversion of many of their games to compact cassette versions in Europe was handled by Ariolasoft.
Most of the early employees of the company disliked the Amazin' Software name that Hawkins had originally chosen when he incorporated the company.[13] While at Apple, Hawkins had enjoyed company offsite meetings at Pajaro Dunes and organized such a planning offsite for EA in October 1982.
Hawkins had developed the ideas of treating software as an art form and calling the developers, "software artists". Hence, the latest version of the business plan had suggested the name "SoftArt". However, Hawkins and Melmon knew the founders of Software Arts, the creators of VisiCalc, and thought their permission should be obtained. Dan Bricklin did not want the name used because it sounded too similar (perhaps "confusingly similar") to Software Arts. However, the name concept was liked by all the attendees. Hawkins had also recently read a best-selling book about the film studio, United Artists, and liked the reputation that the company had created. Early advisers Andy Berlin, Jeff Goodby, and Rich Silverstein (who would soon form their own ad agency Goodby, Silverstein & Partners) were also fans of that approach, and the discussion was led by Hawkins and Berlin. Hawkins said everyone had a vote but they would lose it if they went to sleep.[citation needed]
Hawkins liked the word "electronic", and various employees had considered the phrases "Electronic Artists" and "Electronic Arts". Other candidates included Gordon's suggestion of "Blue Light", a reference from the Disney film Tron.[citation needed] When Gordon and others pushed for "Electronic Artists", in tribute to the film company United Artists, Steve Hayes opposed, saying, "We're not the artists, they are..." meaning that the developers whose games EA would publish were the artists. This statement from Hayes immediately tilted sentiment towards Electronic Arts and the name was unanimously endorsed.[citation needed]
A novel approach to giving credit to its developers was one of EA's trademarks in its early days. This characterization was even further reinforced with EA's packaging of most of their games in the "album cover" pioneered by EA because Hawkins thought that a record album style would both save costs and convey an artistic feeling.[17] EA routinely referred to their developers as "artists" and gave them photo credits in their games and numerous full-page magazine ads. Their first such ad, accompanied by the slogan "We see farther," was the first video game advertisement to feature software designers.[16] EA also shared lavish profits with their developers, which added to their industry appeal. The square "album cover" boxes (such as the covers for 1983's M.U.L.E. and Pinball Construction Set) were a popular packaging concept by Electronic Arts, which wanted to represent their developers as "rock stars".[17]
In the mid-1980s Electronic Arts aggressively marketed products for the Commodore Amiga, a premier home computer of the late 1980s and early 1990s in Europe. Commodore had given EA development tools and prototype machines before Amiga's actual launch. For Amiga EA published some notable non-game titles. A drawing program Deluxe Paint (1985) and its subsequent versions became perhaps the most famous piece of software available for Amiga platform.[18] Other Amiga programs released by EA included Deluxe Music Construction Set, Deluxe Paint Animation and Instant Music. Some of them, most notably Deluxe Paint, were ported to other platforms. For Macintosh EA released a black & white animation tool called Studio/1, and a series of Paint titles called Studio/8 and Studio/32 (1990).
In 1988 EA published a flight simulator game exclusively for Amiga, F/A-18 Interceptor, which received attention due to its vector graphics that were notable for 1988 standards. Another significant Amiga release (also initially available for Atari ST, later converted for numerous other platforms) was Populous (1989) developed by Bullfrog Productions. It was a pioneering and influential title in the genre that was later called "god games".
In 1990, Electronic Arts began producing console games for the Nintendo Entertainment System, after previously licensing its computer games to other console-game publishers.[19] Eventually, Trip Hawkins left EA to found the now defunct 3DO Company.
In 1995 Electronic Arts won the European Computer Trade Show award for best software publisher of the year.[20]
2000–2007[edit]




Headquarters of EA in October 2007.


EA is headquartered in the Redwood Shores neighborhood of Redwood City, California.[21] Following the retirement and departure of Trip Hawkins in 2000, EA decided to replace its logo with a new one, and Larry Probst took over the reins.
In 2004, EA made a multimillion-dollar donation to fund the development of game production curriculum at the University of Southern California's Interactive Media Division. On February 1, 2006, Electronic Arts announced that it would cut worldwide staff by 5 percent.[22] On June 20, 2006 EA purchased Mythic Entertainment, who are finished making Warhammer Online.[23]
After Sega's ESPN NFL 2K5 successfully grabbed market share away from EA's dominant Madden NFL series during the 2004 holiday season, EA responded by making several large sports licensing deals which include an exclusive agreement with the NFL, and in January 2005, a 15-year deal with ESPN.[24] The ESPN deal gave EA exclusive first rights to all ESPN content for sports simulation games. On April 11, 2005, EA announced a similar, 6-year licensing deal with the Collegiate Licensing Company (CLC) for exclusive rights to college football content.[25]
Much of EA's success, both in terms of sales and with regards to its stock market valuation, is due to its strategy of platform-agnostic development and the creation of strong multi-year franchises. EA was the first publisher to release yearly updates of its sports franchises—Madden, FIFA, NHL, NBA Live, Tiger Woods, etc.—with updated player rosters and small graphical and gameplay tweaks.[26] Recognizing the risk of franchise fatigue among consumers, EA announced in 2006 that it would concentrate more of its effort on creating new original intellectual property.[27]
In September 2006, Nokia and EA announced a partnership in which EA becomes an exclusive major supplier of mobile games to Nokia mobile devices through the Nokia Content Discoverer. In the beginning, Nokia customers were able to download seven EA titles (Tetris, Tetris Mania, The Sims 2, Doom, FIFA 06, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 06 and FIFA Street 2) on the holiday season in 2006. Rick Simonson is the executive vice president and director of Nokia and starting from 2006 is affiliated with John Riccitiello and are partners.[28]
2007–2013[edit]
In February 2007, Probst stepped down from the CEO job while remaining on the Board of Directors. His handpicked successor is John Riccitiello, who had worked at EA for several years previously, departed for a while, and then returned.[29] Riccitiello previously worked for Elevation Partners, Sara Lee and PepsiCo. In June 2007, new CEO John Riccitiello announced that EA would reorganize itself into four labels, each with responsibility for its own product development and publishing (the city-state model). The goal of the reorganization was to empower the labels to operate more autonomously, streamline decision-making, increase creativity and quality, and get games into the market faster.[30] This reorganization came after years of consolidation and acquisition by EA of smaller studios, which some in the industry blamed for a decrease in quality of EA titles. In 2008, at the DICE Summit, Riccitiello called the earlier approach of "buy and assimilate" a mistake, often stripping smaller studios of its creative talent. Riccitiello said that the city-state model allows independent developers to remain autonomous to a large extent, and cited Maxis and BioWare as examples of studios thriving under the new structure.[31][32]
Also, in 2007, EA announced that it would be bringing some of its major titles to the Macintosh. EA has released Battlefield 2142, Command & Conquer: Tiberium Wars, Crysis, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Madden NFL 08, Need for Speed: Carbon and Spore for the Mac. All of the new games have been developed for the Macintosh using Cider, a technology developed by TransGaming that enables Intel-based Macs to run Windows games inside a translation layer running on Mac OS X. They are not playable on PowerPC-based Macs.[33]
In October 2007, EA purchased Super Computer International, a long-standing industry provider of game server hosting for development studios, who were currently developing the new Playlinc software. A week later they then purchased VG Holding Corp, the parent company of BioWare and Pandemic Studios.
It was revealed in February 2008 that Electronic Arts had made a takeover bid for rival game company Take-Two Interactive. After its initial offer of US$25 per share, all cash stock transaction offer was rejected by the Take-Two board, EA revised it to US$26 per share, a 64% premium over the previous day's closing price and made the offer known to the public.[34] Rumours had been floating around the Internet prior to the offer about Take-Two possibly being bought over by a bigger company, albeit with Viacom as the potential bidder.[35][36] In May 2008, EA announced that it will purchase the assets of Hands-On Mobile Korea, a South Korean mobile game developer and publisher. The company will become EA Mobile Korea.[37] In September 2008, EA dropped its buyout offer of Take-Two. No reason was given.[38]
As of November 6, 2008 it was confirmed that Electronic Arts is closing their Casual Label & merging it with their Hasbro partnership with The Sims Label.[39] EA also confirmed the departure of Kathy Vrabeck, who was given the position as former president of the EA Casual Division in May 2007. EA made this statement about the merger: "We've learned a lot about casual entertainment in the past two years, and found that casual gaming defies a single genre and demographic. With the retirement and departure of Kathy Vrabeck, EA is reorganizing to integrate casual games—development and marketing—into other divisions of our business. We are merging our Casual Studios, Hasbro partnership, and Casual marketing organization with The Sims Label to be a new Sims and Casual Label, where there is a deep compatibility in the product design, marketing and demographics. [...] In the days and weeks ahead, we will make further announcements on the reporting structure for the other businesses in the Casual Label including EA Mobile, Pogo, Media Sales and Online Casual Initiatives. Those businesses remain growth priorities for EA and deserve strong support in a group that will compliment their objectives."[40] This statement comes a week after EA announced it was laying off 6% about 600 of their staff positions and had a US$310 million net loss for the quarter.[41]
Due to the 2008 Economic Crisis, Electronic Arts had a poorer than expected 2008 holiday season, moving it in February 2009 to cut approximately 1100 jobs, which it said represented about 11% of its workforce. It also closed 12 of their facilities. Riccitiello, in a conference call with reporters, stated that their poor performance in the fourth quarter was not due entirely to the poor economy, but also to the fact that they did not release any blockbuster titles in the quarter. In the quarter ending December 31, 2008, the company lost US$641 million. As of early May 2009, the subsidiary studio EA Redwood Shores was known as Visceral Games.[42][43] On June 24, 2009, EA announced it will merge two of its development studios, BioWare and Mythic into one single role-playing video game and MMO development powerhouse. The move will actually place Mythic under control of BioWare as Ray Muzyka and Greg Zeschuk will be in direct control of the new entity.[44] By fall 2012, both Muzyka and Zeschuk had chosen to depart the merged entity in a joint retirement announcement.[45][46][47]
On November 9, 2009, EA announced its acquisition of social casual games developer Playfish for US$275 million.[48] On the same day, the company announced layoffs of 1500 employees, representing 17% of its workforce, across a number of studios including EA Tiburon, Visceral Games, Mythic and EA Black Box. Also affected were "projects and support activities" that, according to Chief Financial Officer Eric Brown "don't make economic sense",[49] resulting in the shutdown of popular communities such as Battlefield News at the Wayback Machine (archived January 12, 2006) and the EA Community Team at the Wayback Machine (archived February 5, 2009). These layoffs also led to the complete shutdown of Pandemic Studios.[50]

"Chillingo" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Chilango.
In October 2010, EA announced the acquisition of UK based iPhone and iPad games publisher Chillingo for US$20 million in cash. Chillingo published the popular Angry Birds for iOS and Cut the Rope for all platforms, but the deal did not include those properties,[51] so Cut the Rope became published by ZeptoLab, and Angry Birds became published by Rovio Entertainment.
2013–present[edit]
On March 18, 2013, John Riccitello announced that he would be stepping down as CEO and a member of the Board of Directors on March 30, 2013. Larry Probst was also appointed executive chairman on the same day.[52]
In April 2013, EA announced a reorganization which was to include dismissal of 10% of their workforce, consolidation of marketing functions which were distributed among the five label organizations, and subsumption of Origin operational leadership under the President of Labels.[53][54] In May 2013, EA announced that they had partnered with Disney to release Star Wars games from 2013 to 2023 exclusively. EA's subsidiaries including BioWare, DICE, Visceral Games, Motive Studios, Capital Games and external developer Respawn Entertainment, were responsible in creating new video games set in the Star Wars universe.[55][56] Andrew Wilson was appointed the CEO of EA.[57] In April 2015, EA announced that it would be shutting down various free-to-play games in July of that year, including Battlefield Heroes, Battlefield Play4Free, Need for Speed: World, and FIFA World.[58]
During E3 2015, vice president of the company, Patrick Söderlund, announced that the company will start investing more on smaller titles such as Unravel so as to broaden the company's portfolio.[59] On December 10, 2015, EA announced a new division called Competitive Gaming Division, which focuses on creating competitive game experience and organizing ESports events. It was once headed by Peter Moore.[60]
In May 2016, Electronic Arts announced that they had formed a new internal division called Frostbite Labs. The new department specializes in creating new projects for virtual reality platforms, and "virtual humans". The new department is located in Stockholm and Vancouver.[61]
Electronic Arts company structure[edit]
EA is headed by chairman Larry Probst and CEO Andrew Wilson. Many have attributed former CEO John Riccitiello's success in leading EA to his passion as a gamer.[62] Electronic Arts has four main labels (divisions), with numerous studios falling under each one.[63]
EA Games[edit]
Home to the largest number of studio and development teams, this label is responsible for action-adventure, role playing, racing and combat games, marketed under the EA brand. In addition to traditional packaged-goods games, EA Games also develops massively multiplayer online role-playing games. Led by Patrick Söderlund.[64]

Criterion Games
EA Digital Illusions CE (formerly Digital Illusions Creative Entertainment, DICE)

DICE Los Angeles


Ghost Games
Visceral Games (formerly EA Redwood Shores)
EA BioWare—focuses on creating multiplatform, role-playing, MMO and strategy games. Includes

BioWare Edmonton
BioWare Austin
BioWare Montreal


Motive Studios

EA Sports[edit]
Main article: EA Sports
Publishes all the realistic, casual, and freestyle sports-based titles from EA, including FIFA Football, Madden NFL, Fight Night, NBA Live, NCAA Football, Cricket, NCAA March Madness, Tiger Woods PGA Tour, NHL Hockey, NASCAR and Rugby. Led by Patrick Söderlund.[64]

EA Tiburon (Florida)
EA Canada (Burnaby)

EA Maxis[edit]
Main article: EA Maxis
Known for The Sims series, EA Maxis develops and markets life-simulation games and online communities. The label is headquartered at EA's campus in Redwood Shores. Maxis' original studio in Emeryville was closed in March 2015. The studio now sits under the leadership of the SVP of EA Mobile.[65] The label had previously been renamed EA Play.

Maxis Redwood Shores

The Sims Studio


Maxis Salt Lake
Maxis Melbourne
Maxis Helsinki

EA All Play[edit]
Includes original EA and partner franchises like The Simpsons, Tetris, SCRABBLE, MONOPOLY, World Series of Poker, Real Racing, Ultima, as well as online games for the Pogo.com online service.

PopCap Games
EA Mobile

SEED[edit]
The Search for Extraordinary Experiences Division (SEED) was revealed at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2017 as a technology research division and incubator, using tools like deep learning and neural networks to bring in player experiences and other external factors to help them with developing more immersive narratives and games.[66][67] SEED has offices in Los Angeles and Stockholm.[68]
Owned studios and partnership companies[edit]
Current[edit]

BioWare in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada and Montreal, Quebec, Canada and Austin, Texas and Galway, Ireland founded in February 1995, acquired October 2007 from Elevation Partners.
Chillingo in Macclesfield, United Kingdom
Criterion Games in Guildford, England, founded as Criterion Software in 1993, acquired in August 2004.
EA Baton Rouge (formerly North American Testing Center) in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, opened in September 2008.
EA Canada in Burnaby, British Columbia, started in January 1983.
EA Casual Entertainment
EA China in Shanghai, China
EA Deutschland in Cologne, Germany
EA DICE in Stockholm, Sweden, founded in 1992, acquired in 2005.
EA France in Lyon, France
EIS (European Integration Studio) in Madrid, Spain
EA India, Noida, India
EA Japan, Tokyo, Japan
EA Mobile Japan Studio, Tokyo, Japan
EA Brazil, São Paulo, Brazil
Spearhead in Seoul, South Korea, founded in 1998 as EA Korea.
DICE Los Angeles in Los Angeles, California, founded as DreamWorks Interactive LLC in 1995, acquired in 2000.
EA Romania in Bucharest, Romania, founded as JAMDAT Mobile Romania in 2005, acquired in 2006.
EA Russia in Moscow, Russia, translate in Russian
EA Mobile in Los Angeles, California
EA Montreal in Montreal, Quebec, Canada started in 2004.
EA San Francisco in Embarcadero, San Francisco
EA Salt Lake in Salt Lake City, Utah, founded as Headgate Studios, founded in 1992, acquired December 2006.
EA Singapore in Singapore
EA Sports made up of EA Canada in Burnaby, Canada and EA Tiburon Maitland, Florida, publisher of EA's sports franchise games
EA Tiburon in Maitland, Florida founded as Tiburon Entertainment in 1994, acquired in 1998.
Easy Studios in Stockholm, Sweden. Founded in 2008 developing PC games for EA's new Play4Free series.
Ghost Games in Gothenburg, Sweden, England, UK and Bucharest, Romania, founded as EA Gothenburg in 2011, rebranded in 2012.
Motive Studios in Montreal, Quebec, Canada started in 2015.
PopCap Games in Seattle, Washington acquired in 2011.
The Sims Studio in Redwood City, California founded in 2006.
Uprise (formerly ESN) in Uppsala, Sweden, founded in 2002, acquired in 2012.
Visceral Games in Redwood City, California, also has an office in Shanghai, China; founded as EA Redwood Shores in 1998.
Capital Games in Sacramento, California founded in 2008, specialised in creating mobile games.

Defunct[edit]

Original HQ in San Mateo, California, moved to Redwood City in 1998.
Origin Systems in Austin, Texas founded in 1983, acquired in 1992, closed in 2004.
Bullfrog Productions in Surrey, England, founded in 1987, acquired in 1995,[69] merged with EA UK and effectively closed in 2001.
EA Baltimore in Baltimore, Maryland, established in 1996 as part of Origin, closed in 2000
EA Seattle in Seattle, Washington, founded in 1982 as Manley & Associates, acquired January 29, 1996, closed in 2002
Maxis in Walnut Creek, California, founded in 1987, acquired in June 1997, folded into Redwood Shores (now Visceral Games) in 2004.
Westwood Studios in Las Vegas, Nevada, founded in 1987, acquired from Virgin Interactive Entertainment in August 1998, merged into EA Los Angeles in 2003.
EA Pacific (known for a time as Westwood Pacific) in Irvine, California, formerly part of Virgin Interactive, acquired with Westwood in 1998, closed in 2003
Kesmai (known also as GameStorm), founded in 1981, acquired in 1999, closed in 2001.
DICE Canada in London, Ontario, started in 1998, acquired DICE fully October 2, 2006; closed DICE Canada studio hours later.
EA UK in Chertsey, United Kingdom, moved to EA Bright Light in Guildford.
EA Chicago in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, founded in 1990 as NuFX, acquired in 2004, closed November 6, 2007.
Pandemic Studios in Los Angeles, California and Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, founded in 1998, acquired October 2007 from Elevation Partners, closed November 17, 2009.
EA Bright Light, in Guildford, Surrey, formerly EA UK, closed in 2011.
EA Black Box in Burnaby, Canada, founded in 1998, acquired in 2002, closed on April 2013.
EA Mobile Brazil in São Paulo, Brazil, closed in 2013.
EA Phenomic in Ingelheim, Germany, founded as Phenomic Game Development in 1997, acquired August 2006 and closed down in 2013.
Playfish in London, England, acquired in 2009, closed down in 2013.
Danger Close Games in Los Angeles, founded as DreamWorks Interactive, LLC. in 1995, acquired in 2000, renamed as EA Los Angeles and closed down in 2013.
EA North Carolina in Morrisville, North Carolina, closed in 2013[70]
Victory Games in Los Angeles, California, also has offices in Austin, Texas and Shanghai, China; founded in 2010 and closed down in 2013 as Danger Close.
Mythic Entertainment in Fairfax, Virginia, founded as Interworld Productions in 1995, acquired in June 2006 and closed down in May 2014.
Maxis in Emeryville, California, founded in 1987, acquired in July 1997, and closed down in March 2015.
Waystone was disbanded in November 2014.[71]

EA Partners program[edit]
The EA Partners co-publishing arm is dedicated to publishing and distributing games developed by third-party developers. Notable publishing/distribution agreements include:

Alice: Madness Returns – Spicy Horse
APB – Realtime Worlds
Brütal Legend – Double Fine Productions
Bulletstorm – Epic Games
Crysis series – Crytek
DeathSpank – Hothead Games
Fuse – Insomniac Games[72]
Hellgate: London – Flagship Studios
Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning – 38 Studios, Big Huge Games
Rock Band series – Harmonix and MTV Games
The Secret World – Funcom[73]
Shadows of the Damned – Grasshopper Manufacture
Shank series – Klei Entertainment
Syndicate – Starbreeze Studios
Titanfall series – Respawn Entertainment
Warp – Trapdoor

EA Originals program[edit]
 EA Originals is a program within Electronic Arts to help support independently-developed video games. The program was announced at EA's press event at the 2016 E3 Conference, and builds upon the success they had with Unravel in 2015. The first game to be supported under this program is Fe by Zoink Games, with plans for release in 2017.[74] It will be followed by Sea of Solitude and A Way Out.
Games by Electronic Arts[edit]
Main article: List of Electronic Arts games
Some of the most notable and popular games of video game history have been published by EA, and many of these are listed below. Though EA published these titles, they did not always develop them; some were developed by independent game development studios. EA developed their first internally developed game in 1987.

Pinball Construction Set (1983) by Bill Budge[75]
M.U.L.E. (1983) by Dan Bunten and Ozark Softscape
Archon: The Light and the Dark (1983) by Paul Reiche III and Free Fall Associates
The Bard's Tale (1985) by Interplay Productions
Skate or Die! (1987), EA's first internally developed title
Madden NFL series (1989–present)
Populous (1989) by Bullfrog which EA acquired in 1995
Wing Commander series (1992 onwards, previous games published in-house)
Desert Strike: Return to the Gulf (1992) by EA's High Score Production group
FIFA series (1993–present)
Dungeon Keeper series (titles from 1997 to 1999) by Bullfrog Productions
Ultima Online (1997) by Origin Systems
Command & Conquer series (titles from 1999 to 2013) by Westwood Studios (earlier titles released by Virgin Interactive)
SimCity series (titles from 1999–present) by Maxis (earlier titles released by other publishers)
Medal of Honor series (1999–2012)
Need for Speed series (1994–present)
James Bond series (1999–2005)
American McGee's Alice (2000)
The Sims series (2000–present) by Maxis (2000-2006, 2013–present) and The Sims Studio (2007-2012)
Battlefield series (2002–present) by EA Digital Illusions CE
Crysis series (2007–present) by Crytek
Rock Band series (2007–2010) by Harmonix
Spore series (2008–present) by Maxis
Army of Two series (2008–present) by EA Montreal
Dead Space series (2008–present) by Visceral Games
Mirror's Edge series (2008–present) by EA Digital Illusions CE
Dragon Age series (2009–present) by BioWare
Mass Effect series (starting with the PC release of the first game, the original Xbox 360 version was published by Microsoft) (2008–present)
Dante's Inferno (2010) by Visceral Games
Star Wars: The Old Republic (2011) by BioWare
EA Sports UFC (2014–present) by EA Canada
Star Wars Battlefront (2015) by EA Digital Illusions CE

Upcoming titles[edit]

Madden NFL 18 (PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
FIFA 18 (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One)
NBA Live 18 (PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Star Wars Battlefront II (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Need for Speed Payback (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
A Way Out (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Anthem (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Fe (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
Sea of Solitude (Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)

Controversies[edit]
Studio acquisition and management practices[edit]
See also: List of acquisitions by Electronic Arts
During its period of fastest growth, EA was often criticized for buying smaller development studios primarily for their intellectual property assets, and then producing drastically changed games of their franchises. For example, Origin-produced Ultima VIII: Pagan and Ultima IX: Ascension were developed quickly under EA's ownership, over the protests of Ultima creator Richard Garriott,[76] and these two are widely considered[77] to be sub-par compared to the rest of the series.[78][79]
In early 2008, CEO John Riccitiello acknowledged that this practice by EA was wrong and that the company now gives acquired studios greater autonomy without "meddling" in their corporate culture.[31]
In 2008, John D. Carmack of id Software said that EA is no longer the "Evil Empire"[80]

I'll admit that, if you asked me years ago, I still had thoughts that EA was the Evil Empire, the company that crushes the small studios...I'd have been surprised, if you told me a year ago that we'd end up with EA as a publisher. When we went out and talked to people, especially EA Partners people like Valve, we got almost uniformly positive responses from them.

Like other EA Partners, such as Harmonix/MTV Games, Carmack stressed that EA Partners deal "isn't really a publishing arrangement. Instead, they really offer a menu of services—Valve takes one set of things, Crytek takes a different set, and we're probably taking a third set".[80]
EA was criticized for shutting down some of its acquired studios after they released poorly performing games (for instance, Origin).[81] Though, in some of the cases, the shutdown was merely a reformation of teams working at different small studios into a single studio.[82][83] In the past, Magic Carpet 2 was rushed to completion over the objections of designer Peter Molyneux and it shipped during the holiday season with several major bugs. Studios such as Origin and Bullfrog Productions had previously produced games attracting significant fanbases. Many fans also became annoyed that their favorite developers were closed down, but some developers, for example the EALA studio, have stated that they try to carry on the legacy of the old studio (Westwood Studios). Once EA received criticism from labor groups for its dismissals of large groups of employees during the closure of a studio. However, later, it was confirmed that layoffs were not heavily confined to one team or another, countering early rumors that the teams were specifically targeted—countering the implication that the under performance of certain games might have been the catalyst.[84]
EA was once criticized for the acquisition of 19.9 percent of shares of its competitor Ubisoft, a move that Ubisoft's then spokesperson initially described as a "hostile act".[85] However, Ubisoft CEO Yves Guillemot later indicated that a merger with EA was a possibility, stating, "The first option for us is to manage our own company and grow it. The second option is to work with the movie industry, and the third is to merge."[86] However, in July 2010, EA elected to sell its reduced 15 percent share in Ubisoft.[87] That share equated to roughly €94 million (US$122 million).[88]
Treatment of employees[edit]
In 2004, Electronic Arts was criticized for employees working extraordinarily long hours—up to 100 hours per week—and not just at "crunch" times leading up to the scheduled releases of products. The publication of the EA Spouse blog, with criticisms such as "The current mandatory hours are 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.—seven days a week—with the occasional Saturday evening off for good behavior (at 6:30 PM)."[89] The company has since settled a class action lawsuit brought by game artists to compensate for unpaid overtime.[90] The class was awarded US$15.6 million. As a result, many of the lower-level developers (artists, programmers, producers, and designers) are now working at an hourly rate. A similar suit brought by programmers was settled for US$14.9 million.[91]
Since these criticisms first aired, it has been reported that EA has taken steps to address work-life balance concerns by focusing on long-term project planning, compensation, and communication with employees. These efforts accelerated with the arrival of John Riccitiello as CEO in February 2007. In December 2007, an internal EA employee survey showed a 13% increase in employee morale and a 21% increase in perception of management recognition over a three-year period.[92]
In May 2008, "EA Spouse" blog author Erin Hoffman, speaking to videogame industry news site Gamasutra, stated that EA had made significant progress, but may now be falling into old patterns again. Hoffman said that "I think EA is tremendously reformed, having made some real strong efforts to get the right people into their human resources department", and "I've been hearing from people who have gotten overtime pay there and I think that makes a great deal of difference. In fact, I've actually recommended to a few people I know to apply for jobs there", but she also said she has begun to hear "horror stories" once again.[93]
Game quality[edit]
For 2006, the games review aggregation site Metacritic gives the average of EA games as 72.0 (out of 100); 2.5 points behind Nintendo (74.5) but ahead of the other first-party publishers Microsoft (71.6) and Sony (71.2). The closest third-party publisher is Take-Two Interactive (publishing as 2K Games and Rockstar Games) at 70.3. The remaining top 10 publishers (Sega, THQ, Ubisoft, Activision, Square Enix) all rate in the mid 60s. Since 2005, EA has published eight games that received "Universal Acclaim" in at least one platform (Metacritic score 90 or greater): Battlefield 2, Crysis, Rock Band, FIFA 12, FIFA 13, Mass Effect 2, Mass Effect 3, and Dragon Age: Origins.
EA's aggregate review performance had shown a downward trend in quality over recent years and was expected to affect market shares during competitive seasons. Pacific Crest Securities analyst Evan Wilson had said, "Poor reviews and quality are beginning to tarnish the EA brand. According to our ongoing survey of GameRankings.com aggregated review data, Electronic Arts' overall game quality continues to fall... Although market share has not declined dramatically to date, in years such as 2007, which promises to have tremendous competition, it seems likely if quality does not improve."[94][95]
EA had also received criticism for developing games that lack innovation vis-à-vis the number of gaming titles produced under the EA brand that show a history of yearly updates, particularly in their sporting franchises. These typically retail as new games at full market price and feature only updated team rosters in addition to incremental changes to game mechanics, the user interface, and graphics. One critique compared EA to companies like Ubisoft and concluded that EA's innovation in new and old IPs "Crawls along at a snail's pace,"[96] while even the company's own CEO, John Riccitiello, acknowledged the lack of innovation seen in the industry generally, saying, "We're boring people to death and making games that are harder and harder to play. For the most part, the industry has been rinse-and-repeat. There's been lots of product that looked like last year's product, that looked a lot like the year before." EA has announced that it is turning its attention to creating new game IPs in order to stem this trend, with recently acquired and critically acclaimed studios BioWare and Pandemic would be contributing to this process.[97][98] In 2012, EA’s games were ranked highest of all large publishers in the industry, according to Metacritic.[99]
On December 19, 2013, EA was hit with a class action lawsuit over the bugs in the Battlefield 4 DLC. EA issued a statement regarding the various issues and bugs of the game and promised players that these issues would be fixed before the launch of the next generation consoles. This was not the case as players on both the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One had the same problems. The problems were so severe that they made certain parts of the game unplayable due to campaign save files being corrupted and players being unable to start or join multiplayer servers. Players expressed their outrage on the forums of Battlelog, EA Answers HQ and social news sites such as Reddit.[100] EA DICE responded by apologizing for the bugs and promising that they would halt all production of the release of new DLC packages until they fixed the various problems.
Sports licensing and exclusivity[edit]
On June 5, 2008, a lawsuit was filed in Oakland, California alleging Electronic Arts is breaking United States anti-trust laws by signing exclusive contracts with the NFL Players Association, the NCAA and Arena Football League, to use players' names, likenesses and team logos. This keeps other companies from being able to sign the same agreements. The suit further accuses EA of raising the price of games associated with these licenses as a result of this action.[101] In an interview with GameTap, Peter Moore said it was the NFL that sought the deal. "To be clear, the NFL was the entity that wanted the exclusive relationship. EA bid, as did a number of other companies, for the exclusive relationship", Moore said. "It wasn't on our behest that this went exclusive... We bid and we were very fortunate and lucky and delighted to be the winning licensee."[102] While EA argued the player's likenesses was incidentally used, this was rejected by the United States Courts of Appeals in 2015.[103] A further appeal to the US Supreme Court was unsuccessful.[104] In June 2016, EA settled with Jim Brown for $600,000.[105]
On September 26, 2013, EA settled a series of wide-ranging class action lawsuits filed by former NCAA players accusing EA and others of unauthorized use of player likenesses in their football and basketball games. EA settled the lawsuit for an undisclosed amount.[106][107] The settlement is reported to be around $40 million, to be paid to between 200,000 and 300,000 players.[108]
EULA and DRM[edit]
In the September 2008 release of EA's game Spore it was revealed that the DRM scheme included a program called SecuROM and a lifetime machine-activation limit of three (3) instances. A huge public outcry over this DRM scheme broke out over the Internet and swarmed Amazon.com with one-star ratings and critical reviews of the game in order to get EA to "pay attention to their consumers".[109] This DRM scheme, which was intended to hinder the efforts of infringers to illegally use and distribute EA software, instead mainly affected paying customers, as the game itself was copied and distributed well before release.[110] On September 13, 2008, it was announced (by TorrentFreak's statistics) that Spore was the most torrented game ever with over half a million illegal downloads within the first week of release.[111] In response to customer reaction, EA officially announced its release of upcoming Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3 would increase the installation limit to 5 rather than 3.[112]
On September 22, 2008, a global class action lawsuit was filed against EA regarding the DRM in Spore, complaining about EA not disclosing the existence of SecuROM in the game manual, and addressing how SecuROM runs with the nature of a rootkit, including how it remains on the hard drive even after Spore is uninstalled.[113][114][115] On October 14, 2008, a similar class action lawsuit was filed against EA for the inclusion of DRM software in the free demo version of the Creature Creator.[116]
On March 31, 2009, EA released a "De-Authorization Management Tool" that allows customers who have installed games containing the SecuROM activation scheme to "de-authorize" a computer, freeing up one of the five machine "slots" to be used on another machine.[117]
On June 24, 2009, EA announced a change in its approach to preventing copyright infringement of PC games. While eliminating the DRM that uniquely identifies a machine, the plan described a replacement with a traditional CD-key check. With an emphasis on downloaded content, the plan moved toward software as a service.[118] In 2013, EA received criticism regarding its persistent online authentication system as implemented in the SimCity reboot.[119][120]
Advertising[edit]
In 2009, EA arranged a fake protest outside the Electronic Entertainment Expo to draw attention to the game Dante's Inferno.[121] Ostensibly Christian protestors bore placards objecting to the game's themes involving hell and damnation, and it was not clear until several days later that the event had been staged. Several Christian bloggers criticized the event for perpetuating negative stereotypes about Christians.
A 2011 advertising campaign for Dead Space 2 featured older women reacting negatively to the game with the campaign slogan "Your mom hates Dead Space 2". Two hundred women had been selected for their conservative values and lack of familiarity with video games, and their reactions to a screening of the game were featured in EA's web and TV advertisements.[122] The campaign was at first admired, but soon described as sexist and ageist, with some claiming that it was reinforcing outdated stereotypes against female and older gamers.[123][124][125][126] As of 2010, 40% of video game players were women and the average game player was 34 years old.[127]
On February 24, 2011, the Extra Credits team (at the time on The Escapist) published the episode "An Open Letter to EA Marketing", denouncing Electronic Arts' marketing decisions for the Dante's Inferno, Medal of Honor and Dead Space 2 releases. They argue that EA's decisions to hire fake protesters and market games solely on shock value, while neglecting to defend the Medal of Honor on a First Amendment basis for letting the player play as the Taliban, have been hurtful to the gaming industry. They also argue that the advertisements are counterproductive to Electronic Arts' wishes to elevate games to an art medium as demonstrated in the 1980s Electronic Arts ad 'Can a Computer Make You Cry?'.[128][129]
Mass Effect 3's ending was poorly received by both critics and fans due to the inconsistencies between statements by BioWare staff during the game's development and the form the endings ultimately took.[130][131][132][133] Displeased by the ending, one player took his complaint to the Federal Trade Commission, the agency created to protect consumers. His argument was that BioWare did not deliver on the promise of its game, saying the end product did not match with the advertising campaign and PR interviews for the game.[134] The U.S. Better Business Bureau also responded to the controversy, supporting claims by fans that BioWare falsely advertised the player's "complete" control over the game's final outcome.[135][136] The UK's Advertising Standards Authority disagreed, ruling that EA and BioWare were not guilty of false advertisement since the endings were "thematically quite different", and the choices and readiness rating reflected in the ending content were significant enough to avoid actionable misleading of consumers under existing law.[137]
According to a Reddit administrator and a former moderator of the subreddit devoted to the 2015 Star Wars Battlefront, moderators removed posts critical of the game at the direction of EA personnel in exchange for pre-release access to the game.[138]
LGBT controversies[edit]
See also: Gender representation in video games § Portrayal of LGBT characters
EA has been noted for its inclusion of LGBT characters in games, and was among the companies given a perfect LGBT workplace score by the Human Rights Campaign in 2014.[139]
The positive portrayals of LGBT characters in games by EA subsidiary BioWare have motivated fan support and also backlash.[140] Several employees involved in Dragon Age II received hate mail and threats following its release.[140][141] BioWare lead writer David Gaider responded to a fan upset by the game's bisexual romances, denying the fan's ability to speak for all straight male gamers and writing, "the person who says that the only way to please them is to restrict options for others is, if you ask me, the one who deserves it least."[142]
Over the years from 2006 through 2012, various quotes both truly and falsely attributed to BioWare writer Jennifer Hepler were circulated online by fans who considered her emblematic of their complaints.[143] After one quote from a 2006 interview was used to link Hepler with unpopular changes to Dragon Age II's combat systems, Hepler was harassed by telephone and online.[141] The issue tapped into longstanding discontent over games being simplified to appeal to broader audiences.[143] Backlash was also related to Hepler's writing for Anders, the character that prompted the "straight male gamer" complaint.[143][144] According to Susana Polo in The Mary Sue, Hepler's gender may have intensified the harassment she experienced, but it was more directly the result of her being scapegoated for EA's pivot towards casual gamers.[144]
EA refused to abandon plans to add gay romances to Star Wars: The Old Republic that were opposed by the Family Research Council.[145] An online petition gathered more than 60,000 signatures in support of EA's decision before the petition became compromised by automated spam signatures.[146] The automated signatures were discovered by Reddit and 4chan users, who accused EA of using the issue to link broader criticism of EA with homophobia.[146] When eventually added to the game, the same-sex romances were ridiculed for being confined to a single "gay planet".[147]
The Consumerist rating as "Worst Company in America"[edit]
In April 2012, The Consumerist awarded EA with the title of "Worst Company in America" along with a ceremonial Golden Poo trophy.[148] The record-breaking poll drew in more than 250,000 votes and saw EA beating out such regulars as AT&T and Walmart. The final round of voting pitted EA against Bank of America. EA won with 50,575 votes or 64.03%.[149] This result came in the aftermath of the Mass Effect 3 ending controversy which several commentators viewed as a significant contribution to EA's win in the poll.[149][150] Other explanations include use of day-one DLC and EA's habit of acquiring smaller developers to squash competition.[151] EA spokesman John Reseburg responded to the poll by saying, "We're sure that bank presidents, oil, tobacco and weapons companies are all relieved they weren't on the list this year. We're going to continue making award-winning games and services played by more than 300 million people worldwide."[152][153]
In April 2013, EA won The Consumerist's poll for "Worst Company in America" a second time, consecutively, becoming the first company to do so. Games mentioned in the announcement included the critically controversial Mass Effect 3 for its ending, Dead Space 3 for its use of micro transactions, and the more recent SimCity reboot due to its poorly handled launch. Additionally, poor customer support, "nickel and diming", and public dismissiveness of criticisms were also given as explanations for the results of the poll. The Consumerist summarized the results by asking, "When we live in an era marked by massive oil spills, faulty foreclosures by bad banks, and rampant consolidation in the airline and telecom industry, what does it say about EA’s business practices that so many people have — for the second year in a row — come out to hand it the title of Worst Company in America?"[154]
When asked about the poll by VentureBeat, Frank Gibeau, President of EA Labels, responded "we take it seriously, and want to see it change. In the last few months, we have started making changes to the business practices that gamers clearly don’t like."[155] Gibeau attributes the elimination of online passes, the decision to make The Sims 4 a single-player, offline experience, as well as the unveiling of more new games to the shift in thinking. "The point is we are listening, and we are changing," Gibeau said.[155]
Dungeon Keeper Mobile app store vote manipulation[edit]
In 2013, EA released Dungeon Keeper Mobile, a free-to-play mobile variant of the popular 1990's strategy game Dungeon Keeper. The game was poorly received by both game critics and users. Critics noted that an in-game prompt claimed that "5-star ratings from you help us provide free updates!", suggesting that the games' creators would stop providing new content if players did not give the game sufficiently high ratings. The rating system involved a redirect process to the mobile storefront on which the game was sold; it was also pointed out that if players rated the game anything less than 5 stars, the game would not redirect them and not actually cast their vote, never indicating this to the user. This led to accusations of EA fraudulently manipulating the game's rating system and its subsequent score on mobile storefronts.[156]
In June 2014, Electronic Arts CEO Andrew Wilson made a public apology for the game, stating that it was a "shame" that he regretted.[157]
In July 2014, the UK-based Advertising Standards Authority banned a Dungeon Keeper Mobile ad from broadcast, stating that the advertisement "deliberately misled consumers" and made false statements about the game's pricing and free-to-play nature.[158] Later that same month Frank Gibeau, head of EA's mobile division, stated that the game's failure was attributed to audiences "not being ready" and that the game "innovated too much". These remarks resulted in backlash from game journalist media and users alike.[159]
See also[edit]


San Francisco Bay Area portal
Companies portal



History of video games
List of Electronic Arts games

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Electronic Arts Inc. Fiscal Year 2016 Proxy Statement and Annual Report" (PDF). Electronic Arts. Archived (PDF) from the original on March 26, 2017. Retrieved March 25, 2017. 
^ Grub, Jeff (April 20, 2015). "Gaming’s top 25 public companies generated $54.1B in revenue last year". VentureBeat. Archived from the original on April 5, 2016. Retrieved March 23, 2016. 
^ Davison, Pete. "E3: EA's Press Conference: The Round-Up". GamePro. Archived from the original on December 1, 2011. 
^ "About Us | Locations". Electronic Arts. Archived from the original on August 19, 2011. 
^ Curtis, Tom. "EA reorganizes after a landmark $1B digital year". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. 
^ Totilo, Stephen. "This is What EA’s Up To (On the Day Zynga Hired One of Their Top Guys)". Kotaku. Archived from the original on January 5, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2017. 
^ "EA.com Acquires Leading Games Destination pogo.com". GameZone. February 28, 2001. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Schonfeld, Erick (November 9, 2009). "Not Playing Around. EA Buys Playfish For $300 Million, Plus a $100 Million Earnout". TechCrunch. Archived from the original on September 25, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Wingfield, Nick (June 3, 2011). "EA to Test Its Might Online". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "EA to Acquire NFS world hack". Archived from the original on August 19, 2014. 
^ Curtis, Tom. "EA reorganizes after a landmark $1B digital year". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2017. 
^ "Electronic Arts entry". Sequoiacap.com. Archived from the original on March 8, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Keefer, John (March 31, 2006). "GameSpy Retro: Developer Origins". GameSpy. Archived from the original on May 31, 2009. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Fleming, Jeffrey (February 12, 2007). "We See Farther - A History of Electronic Arts". Gamasutra. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution By Steven Levy, page 335
^ a b "EA Studios: The 32-Bit Generation". Next Generation. Imagine Media (11): 97–99. November 1995. 
^ a b "The History of the Pinball Construction Set: Launching Millions of Creative Possibilities". Gamasutra.com. Archived from the original on March 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Jimmy Maher: The Future was Here, a book published by MIT press, 2012
^ "Electronic Arts Inks Pact With Nintendo". Computer Gaming World. May 1990. p. 50. Archived from the original on December 3, 2013. Retrieved November 16, 2013. 
^ "PlayStation Dominates European Show". Next Generation. Imagine Media (6): 15. June 1995. 
^ "EA Redwood Shores". Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. 
^ "Electronic Arts cuts staff by 5 percent". GameSpot. Archived from the original on April 1, 2014. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Electronic Arts To Acquire Mythic Entertainment". Gamasutra.com. June 20, 2006. Archived from the original on February 14, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Surette, Tim (December 13, 2004). "Big Deal: EA and NFL ink exclusive licensing agreement". GameSpot. Archived from the original on November 13, 2014. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "All Madden, all the time". ESPN. December 14, 2004. Archived from the original on December 7, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA Puts it "In the Game"". Archive.gamespy.com. Archived from the original on March 20, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA moves towards new IPs". Gamesindustry.biz. November 30, 2006. Archived from the original on July 21, 2007. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA to Supply Games for Nokia Mobile Devices | Game Guru". Gameguru.in. September 14, 2006. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ Crecente, Brian (December 8, 2014). "Larry Probst, Electronic Arts' Executive Chairman, Steps Down from Company and Remains on Board". Polygon. Archived from the original on September 24, 2015. Retrieved August 6, 2015. 
^ "EA Announces New Company Structure". Gamasutra.com. June 18, 2007. Archived from the original on February 14, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Kohler, Chris (February 8, 2008). "EA's CEO: How I Learned To Acquire Developers And Not *** Them Up". Blog.wired.com. Archived from the original on April 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Schiesel, Seth (February 19, 2008). "A Company Looks to Its Creative Side to Regain What It Had Lost". The New York Times. Archived from the original on May 12, 2011. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ "EA ships four Mac games". MacWorld. March 17, 2009. Archived from the original on November 11, 2015. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Terdiman, Daniel (February 24, 2008). "EA tries to buy Take-Two to keep its top spot". CNET. Archived from the original on September 23, 2015. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ McWhertor, Michael (December 20, 2007). "Take-two Interactive: Analyst "Convinced" That Take-Two Will Be Swallowed". Kotaku. Archived from the original on December 23, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Dinsey, Stuart (February 7, 2008). "Viacom to buy Take Two for $1.5 billion?". MCVUK. Archived from the original on September 11, 2014. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Electronic Arts to acquire Korean mobile developer". Associated Press. May 22, 2008. Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "Electronic Arts drops buyout bid for rival". CTV News. Archived from the original on June 28, 2012. Retrieved September 14, 2008. 
^ Crecente, Brian (November 6, 2008). "Electronic Arts: Electronic Arts Ditches Casual Label, Merges It With The Sims". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on March 19, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Crecente, Brian (October 30, 2008). "Electronic Arts: Electronic Arts Lays Off Six Hundred". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on April 3, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ McWhertor, Michael (October 30, 2008). "Things Are Tough All Over: EA Loses $310 million, Sees "Weakness At Retail" In October". Kotaku.com. Archived from the original on December 19, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Wolverton, Troy (February 3, 2009). "Electronic Arts has lousy quarter; slashes 1,100 jobs". The Mercury News. Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. Retrieved May 2, 2009. 
^ "EA loss widens after weak holiday season". The Orlando Sentinel. Associated Press. February 4, 2009. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved May 2, 2009. 
^ Webster, Andrew (June 24, 2009). "EA combines BioWare and Mythic into new RPG/MMO group". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on June 25, 2009. Retrieved June 25, 2009. 
^ BioWare Community Team (September 18, 2012). "RAY MUZYKA & GREG ZESCHUK RETIRE". BioWare. Archived from the original on August 24, 2013. Retrieved September 6, 2013. 
^ Muzyka, Ray (September 18, 2012). "FROM RAY MUZYKA". BioWare. Archived from the original on March 21, 2015. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Zeschuk, Greg (September 18, 2012). "FROM GREG ZESCHUK". BioWare. Archived from the original on March 21, 2015. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Yukari Iwatani, Kane (November 9, 2009). "EA to Acquire Playfish for $275 million". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved November 9, 2009. 
^ "Electronic Arts posts loss, to cut jobs". Reuters. November 9, 2009. Archived from the original on May 14, 2012. Retrieved November 9, 2009. 
^ Crecente, Brian. "Confirmed: EA Closes Pandemic Studios, Says Brand Will Live On". Archived from the original on November 19, 2009. Retrieved November 17, 2009. 
^ "EA buys Angry Birds publisher Chillingo". LA times. October 20, 2010. Archived from the original on October 23, 2010. Retrieved October 21, 2010. 
^ "Electronic Arts Announces Change in Executive Leadership". Electronic Arts. Archived from the original on March 19, 2013. Retrieved March 18, 2013. 
^ Cutler, Kim-Mai (April 25, 2013). "Here’s EA’s Internal Memo On The Layoffs Today". TechCrunch. AOL. Archived from the original on May 4, 2013. Retrieved May 8, 2013. 
^ Paczkowski, John (May 9, 2013). "EA Reboot Cost 900 Jobs". All Things Digital. Dow Jones. Archived from the original on May 13, 2013. Retrieved May 8, 2013. 
^ Sarker, Samit (May 6, 2013). "EA and Disney sign exclusive deal for rights to Star Wars games". Polygon. Archived from the original on April 27, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ Machkovech, Sam (May 5, 2015). "Respawn has been working on a Star Wars action-adventure game for two years". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on May 5, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ "Andrew Wilson named EA CEO". Gamespot. Archived from the original on October 23, 2013. Retrieved September 18, 2013. 
^ Handrahan, Matthew. "EA is closing two-thirds of its core free-to-play games". gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on May 11, 2015. Retrieved May 10, 2015. 
^ Futter, Mike (June 16, 2015). "EA's Future Includes More Smaller Games Like Unravel". Game Informer. Archived from the original on June 20, 2015. Retrieved June 16, 2015. 
^ Pereira, Chris (December 10, 2015). "EA Launching Its Own Competitive Gaming Division Headed by Peter Moore". GameSpot. Archived from the original on December 13, 2015. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ Makuch, Eddie (May 17, 2016). "EA Forms New Team to Explore Future Tech, Including Virtual Humans for VR". GameSpot. Archived from the original on May 21, 2016. Retrieved May 18, 2016. 
^ Totilo, Stephen. "The Unexpected Gamer Who Runs EA". Kotaku. Archived from the original on June 24, 2010. 
^ "EDGAR Online via Yahoo! Finance, Electronic Arts FY 2008 10K Filing". Yahoo.brand.edgar-online.com. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b "EA restructuring corporate positions, Patrick Söderlund to take over as head of EA Sports". VG247.com. Archived from the original on November 3, 2013. 
^ "The Sims Boss Lucy Bradshaw Leaves EA After 23 Years". GameSpot. Archived from the original on September 25, 2015. Retrieved May 19, 2016. 
^ Hall, Charlie (June 10, 2017). "SEED is a stealthy, high-tech incubator inside EA". Polygon. Archived from the original on June 10, 2017. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ Davidson, John (June 10, 2017). "EA Boss Andrew Wilson's Vision of Gaming's Future Will Blow Your Mind". Glixel. Archived from the original on June 12, 2017. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ Kerr, Chris (June 12, 2017). "EA opens 'SEED' game tech research division". Gamasutra. Retrieved June 12, 2017. 
^ "1995: The Calm Before the Storm?". Next Generation. Imagine Media (13): 38. January 1996. 
^ Davis, Ian (September 27, 2013). "Exclusive: EA Shutters North Carolina Studio". The Escapist. Archived from the original on December 6, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Futter, Mike (November 4, 2014). "EA Terminates Development Of MOBA Dawngate, Service Ends In 90 Days". Game Informer. Archived from the original on October 8, 2016. 
^ "EA Partners signs new Insomniac game | Games Industry | MCV". Mcvuk.com. May 25, 2010. Archived from the original on May 11, 2011. Retrieved March 19, 2011. 
^ "Funcom and Electronic Arts to co-publish ‘The Secret World’ MMO – The Secret World Official Forums". Darkdemonscrygaia.com. January 10, 2011. Archived from the original on May 11, 2011. Retrieved March 19, 2011. 
^ Fahey, Mike (June 12, 2016). "EA Originals Gives Big Support To Small Games". Kotaku. Archived from the original on June 12, 2016. Retrieved June 12, 2016. 
^ Ashcraft, Brian (January 8, 2008). "2008 Tech Emmy Winners". Kotaku. Archived from the original on September 29, 2012. Retrieved August 30, 2012. In 2008, Pinball Construction Set was awarded at the 59th Annual Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards for User Generated Content/Game Modification 
^ Massey, Dana (October 11, 2005). ""The Conquest of Origin", page 2". Escapistmagazine.com. Archived from the original on February 12, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Many believe Ultima IX was unfairly maligned because of rushed development schedule". Pc.gamespy.com. May 7, 2004. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Ultima VIII received poorly by fans". Gamefaqs.com. Archived from the original on June 11, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Ultima IX received poorly by fans". Gamefaqs.com. Archived from the original on April 18, 2010. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ a b Thorsen, Tor (July 15, 2008). "E3 2008: Video Q&A: Carmack on 'one-game' id-EA deal". GameSpot. CBS Interactive. Archived from the original on August 15, 2011. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Zealot, Funky (February 25, 2004). "EA to Shut Down Origin Systems". GamePro. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Matei, Robert (October 17, 2006). "EA Closes Down Warrington Studio – Another development studio shut down". Softpedia. Archived from the original on June 9, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Sinclair, Brendan (October 6, 2006). "EA shuts down DICE Canada". GameSpot. Archived from the original on March 29, 2014. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Nutt, Christian (January 26, 2005). "Layoffs and Restructuring at EA LA". 1UP.com. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Electronic Arts buys stake in Ubisoft in "hostile" act". Gamespot. Archived from the original on January 17, 2016. 
^ Miller, Ross (May 29, 2007). "Ubisoft president 'still considering' EA acquisition". Joystiq. Archived from the original on February 11, 2009. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Makuch, Eddie (July 16, 2010). "Electronic Arts sells its stake in Ubisoft". GameSpot. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "Electronic Arts Sells 15% Stake In France's Ubisoft". The Glass Garden. July 16, 2010. Archived from the original on March 27, 2017. Retrieved July 16, 2010. 
^ "The original ea_spouse blog entry". LiveJournal. Archived from the original on February 15, 2016. 
^ Feldman, Curt (November 11, 2004). "Employees readying class-action lawsuit against EA". Gamespot.com. Archived from the original on November 13, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "Programmers Win EA Overtime Settlement, EA_Spouse Revealed". Gamasutra.com. Archived from the original on April 29, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "'Big corporation' does a turnaround". Archived from the original on July 23, 2012. Retrieved August 29, 2012. 
^ "'EA_Spouse' Hoffman: Quality Of Life Still Issue, Despite EA Improvement". Gamasutra.com. May 13, 2008. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Sinclair, Brendan (November 30, 2006). "Analyst: EA brand tarnished". Gamespot.com. Archived from the original on October 18, 2013. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ Reimer, Jeremy (December 1, 2006). "EA brand "tarnished" according to analyst". Arstechnica.com. Archived from the original on October 20, 2012. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA innovation crawls along at "snail's pace"". Gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on January 22, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "EA CEO John Riccitiello: More innovation is needed in videogames". Gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on January 22, 2008. Retrieved March 24, 2009. 
^ "BioWare/Pandemic deal goes through". Archived from the original on September 21, 2012. Retrieved August 29, 2012. 
^ Dietz, Jason. "Metacritic's 3rd Annual Game Publisher Rankings". metacritic.com. Archived from the original on May 8, 2013. 
^ "EA Class-Action Lawsuit: 'Battlefield 4' Bugs And 'BF4' DLC Problems Trigger Suit; Electronic Arts Denies Wrongdoing". Archived from the original on December 23, 2013. 
^ "Anti-trust lawsuit over exclusive license contracts" (PDF). Archived (PDF) from the original on May 10, 2011. Retrieved May 31, 2011. 
^ Kuchera, Ben (June 12, 2008). "Lawsuit flags EA for illegal procedure on football monopoly". Arstechnica. Archived from the original on October 1, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ Kravets, David (January 6, 2015). "NFL players win appeals court ruling in EA Madden NFL flap". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on July 10, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ Kravets, David (March 21, 2016). "Supreme Court punts in 1st Amendment Madden NFL legal fight". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on July 7, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ Kravets, David (June 28, 2016). "EA punts, gives $600k to former football star in Madden NFL rights flap". Ars Technica. Archived from the original on June 28, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2016. 
^ "EA Sports settles suits, thousands of players eligible for money". Archived from the original on September 27, 2013. 
^ Eder, Steve (September 26, 2013). "E.A. Sports Settles Lawsuit With College Athletes". The New York Times. Archived from the original on February 19, 2017. 
^ Rovell, Darren (September 28, 2013). "Players to receive $40 million". ESPN. Archived from the original on July 21, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ "Copyright row dogs Spore release". BBC News. September 10, 2008. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "Spore's Piracy Problem". Forbes. September 12, 2008. Archived from the original on November 7, 2008. Retrieved November 18, 2008. 
^ Ernesto (September 13, 2008). "Spore: Most Pirated Game Ever Thanks to DRM". TorrentFreak. Archived from the original on September 15, 2008. Retrieved September 17, 2008. 
^ "EA Sticking With SecuROM (Though Red Alert 3's Will Go A Little Easier On You)". Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "A copy of the Spore complaint filed" (PDF). CourtHouseNews.com. Archived (PDF) from the original on January 17, 2016. 
^ Faylor, Chris (September 24, 2008). "Spore DRM Prompts $5M Class Action Lawsuit". ShackNews. Archived from the original on September 25, 2008. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ Fahey, Mike (September 24, 2008). "Class Action Lawsuit Arises Over Spore DRM". Kotaku. Archived from the original on September 27, 2008. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ "Spore Creature Creator Demo prompts class action". Archived from the original on December 10, 2008. 
^ "EA Releases DRM License Deactivation Tool". slashdot.org. March 31, 2009. Archived from the original on April 21, 2009. Retrieved April 3, 2009. 
^ "EA's new motto: please pirate our games... er, storefronts". Ars Technica. June 24, 2009. Archived from the original on June 25, 2009. Retrieved June 25, 2009. 
^ "We are the SimCity dev team from Maxis. AMAA!". Maxis. Archived from the original on December 18, 2012. Retrieved December 24, 2012. 
^ "Cloud Computing is Why the New SimCity Needs an Always-On Connection, Studio Says". Kotaku. December 26, 2012. Archived from the original on December 30, 2012. Retrieved December 27, 2012. 
^ Pigna, Kris (June 13, 2009). "EA's Fake Dante's Inferno Protest Spurs Real Christian Backlash". 1UP.com. [permanent dead link]
^ Benedetti, Winda. "Your Mama Plays 'Dead Space 2'". Archived from the original on January 25, 2011. 
^ Glen M. "Shame on EA". Archived from the original on January 26, 2011. 
^ Tilley, Steve. "Dead Space 2 overcomes familiarity factor". Archived from the original on February 1, 2011. 
^ Tassi, Paul (January 24, 2011). "EA Using Mom’s Disapproval to Sell Dead Space 2". Forbes. Archived from the original on February 2, 2011. 
^ Williams, Mary Elizabeth. ""Dead Space 2": Your mom doesn't want you to play this video game". Archived from the original on February 2, 2017. 
^ "Essential Facts About The Computer And Video Game Industry" (PDF). Entertainment Software Association. Archived (PDF) from the original on November 26, 2015. 
^ Electronic Arts. "Electronic Arts: Can a Computer Make You Cry?". Archived from the original on July 18, 2010. 
^ Extra Credits. "Extra Credits: An Open Letter to EA Marketing". Archived from the original on January 4, 2012. 
^ Hornshaw, Phil (March 9, 2012). "Player Starts Poll Asking BioWare for New Mass Effect 3 Ending". GameFront. Archived from the original on March 13, 2012. Retrieved March 10, 2012. 
^ Sterling, Jim (March 10, 2012). "Mass Effect 3 fans petition BioWare to change the ending". Destructoid. Archived from the original on March 14, 2012. Retrieved March 10, 2012. 
^ Langshaw, Mark (March 11, 2012). "'Mass Effect 3' fans campaign to change ending". Digital Spy. Archived from the original on March 16, 2012. Retrieved March 11, 2012. 
^ Molina, Brett (March 19, 2012). "BioWare: No decision yet on 'Mass Effect 3' ending". USA Today. Archived from the original on March 21, 2012. Retrieved March 19, 2012. 
^ Gregory, Jon (March 17, 2012). "Mass Effect 3 Ending Fighter Goes To The FTC - News". www.GameInformer.com. Archived from the original on April 19, 2012. Retrieved April 22, 2012. 
^ "Better Business Bureau Says BioWare Falsely Advertised Mass Effect 3 - Softpedia". Softpedia. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. Retrieved April 13, 2012. 
^ "Mass Effect 3 falsely advertised, says BBB - GameSpot.com". GameSpot. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. Retrieved April 13, 2012. 
^ "BioWare and EA cleared of ME3 advertising kerfuffle". ScrewAttack.com. Retrieved August 15, 2012. 
^ Lemon, Marshall (November 13, 2015). "EA Rep May Have Influenced Reddit Mods To Censor Battlefront Critics". The Escapist. Archived from the original on November 17, 2015. 
^ Farokhmanesh, Megan (November 26, 2014). "EA scores top marks for LGBT equability in the workplace". Polygon. Archived from the original on January 5, 2016. 
^ a b "BioWare writer received death threats to family". Metro. August 16, 2013. Archived from the original on February 20, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Crecente, Brian (August 15, 2013). "Plague of game dev harassment erodes industry, spurs support groups". Polygon. Archived from the original on November 30, 2015. 
^ Fahey, Mike (March 24, 2011). "Dragon Age II Writer Eloquently Defends The Game's Sexuality Balance". Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b c Griffiths, Daniel Nye (February 21, 2012). "The Changing Face of Games: Feeling Angry and Ignored, Fans Look for Someone to Blame". Forbes. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Polo, Susana (February 20, 2012). "Inclusion: What Jennifer Hepler’s Story is All About". Archived from the original on February 21, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Chalk, Andy (January 27, 2012). "Family Research Council Warns of Gay Relationships in The Old Republic". The Escapist. Archived from the original on March 11, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ a b Serrels, Mark (April 11, 2012). "Star Wars: The Old Republic Petition Attacked By Hackers, Temporarily Shut Down". Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Hamilton, Mary (January 25, 2013). "Star Wars: The Old Republic, the gay planet and the problem of the straight male gaze". The Guardian. Archived from the original on March 4, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Morran, Chris (April 4, 2012). "The Voters Have Spoken: EA Is Your Worst Company In America For 2012!". Consumerist. Archived from the original on August 7, 2012. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ a b Gaudiosi, John (April 7, 2012). "Electronic Arts Named Worst Company in America". The Hollywood Reporter. Archived from the original on May 11, 2012. 
^ Matyszczyk, Chris (April 8, 2012). "EA, named America's worst company, tries to make amends". CNET. CBS Interactive. Archived from the original on February 21, 2014. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Tiffany (April 4, 2012). "Electronic Arts: 'Worst company in America'? Consumerist says yes". Los Angeles Times. Archived from the original on October 27, 2012. 
^ Brightman, James (April 4, 2012). "EA responds to "worst company" label from Consumerist". gamesindustry.biz. Archived from the original on October 24, 2013. Retrieved July 9, 2013. 
^ Kain, Erik (April 4, 2012). "EA Responds To 'Worst Company' Award By Mentioning Past Winners". Forbes. Archived from the original on July 20, 2013. Retrieved July 9, 2013. 
^ Morran, Chris (April 9, 2013). "EA Makes Worst Company In America History, Wins Title For Second Year In A Row!". Consumerist. Archived from the original on November 9, 2016. Retrieved October 22, 2016. 
^ a b Takahashi, Dean. "EA exec Frank Gibeau: Betting on next-gen consoles, mobile, and doing right by consumers (interview)". VentureBeat. Archived from the original on July 28, 2013. 
^ Webster, Andrew (September 30, 2013). "EA steers angry customers away from reviewing games at Google Play". The Verge. Archived from the original on February 10, 2014. Retrieved February 11, 2014. 
^ Owen, Phil (June 29, 2014). "EA CEO Wilson: Dungeon Keeper Mobile Was 'A Shame'". Kotaku. Kotaku. Archived from the original on March 27, 2015. Retrieved March 18, 2015. 
^ Yin-Poole, Wesley (July 2, 2014). "UK watchdog bans Dungeon Keeper ad, accuses EA of "misleading" customers". Eurogamer. Archived from the original on January 9, 2015. Retrieved January 8, 2015. 
^ Davis, Ian (July 9, 2014). "EA: Dungeon Keeper Failed by "Innovating Too Much"". Escapist. Escapist Magazine. Archived from the original on April 2, 2015. Retrieved March 18, 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Sinclair, Brendan (January 4, 2006). "Innovation: does size matter?". GameSpot. CBS Interactive. 
ea_spouse (November 10, 2004). "EA: The Human Story". LiveJournal. Archived from the original on February 15, 2016. 
Becker, David (March 8, 2005). "Game makers see workplace changes". CNET. CBS Interactive. 
Totilo, Stephen (September 12, 2006). "What's The 'Coolest Job Ever'? Electronic Arts' Summer Interns Tell Their Story". MTV. Viacom International. 
Deck, Stewart (December 19, 2000). "Six Degrees of Hire Learning". ITworld. IDG Communications. 
Varney, Allen (October 11, 2005). "The Conquest of Origin". The Escapist. Defy Media. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Electronic Arts.



Official website



Business data for Electronic Arts, Inc.: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Electronic Arts



Employees





Founder




Trip Hawkins






Current




Larry Probst (Executive Chairman)
Andrew Wilson (CEO)
Patrick Söderlund (EVP)
Will Wright
Joe Ybarra






Former




Bing Gordon
Don Mattrick
Jeff Green
Ralph Guggenheim
Robin Hunicke
Greg Kasavin
Peter Moore
John Riccitiello











Subsidiaries





Current




BioWare
Criterion Games
EA Canada
EA DICE

DICE Los Angeles


EA Mobile
EA Montreal
EA Salt Lake
EA Singapore
EA Sports
EA Tiburon
European Integration Studio
Firemonkeys Studios
Ghost Games
Maxis
Motive Studios
PopCap Games
The Sims Studio
Visceral Games






Defunct




Bullfrog Productions
Danger Close Games
EA Black Box
EA Bright Light
EA Chicago
EA Phenomic
EA UK
Kesmai
Mythic Entertainment
Origin Systems
Pandemic Studios
Playfish
Victory Games
Westwood Studios








Franchises



Army of Two
Battlefield
Bejeweled
Burnout
Command & Conquer
Crysis
Dead Space
Dragon Age
FIFA
Madden NFL
Mass Effect
Medal of Honor
Mirror's Edge
NBA Live
NCAA Football
Need for Speed
NHL
Plants vs. Zombies
Rock Band
SimCity
Skate
Star Wars: Battlefront
Spore
SSX
The Sims
Ultima
Wing Commander





Related



EA Access
Origin
Pogo.com
RenderWare
Frostbite
Ignite
List of acquisitions by Electronic Arts
List of Electronic Arts games






Category










v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecommunications Corporation

China Telecom


China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Sim video games



SimCity series





Main games




SimCity (1989)
SimCity 2000
SimCity 3000
SimCity 4

Rush Hour


SimCity (2013)






Other games




64
DS
Societies
Snap City
DS 2
Creator
Social








The Sims series





Main games




The Sims
The Sims 2
The Sims 3
The Sims 4






Other games




Online
Bustin' Out
The Urbz
Life Stories
Pet Stories
Castaway Stories
Medieval

Pirates and Nobles


Social
FreePlay






MySims




MySims
Kingdom
Party
Racing
Agents
SkyHeroes








Spore





Expansions




Galactic Adventures






Spin-offs




Creature Creator
Creatures
Origins
Hero
Hero Arena
Darkspore






Other




Development








Sim



SimEarth
SimAnt
SimLife
SimFarm
SimRefinery
SimTower
SimHealth
SimIsle
SimTown
SimPark
SimGolf
SimTunes
Sim Theme Park
SimCopter
Streets of SimCity
SimSafari
SimCoaster
Sid Meier's SimGolf
SimMars (cancelled)
SimAnimals





Related articles



Simlish
Electronic Arts
Maxis
Will Wright
Lincity
Yoot Tower
The Tower SP
BeyondSims






 Category







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137191582
LCCN: n93043443
ISNI: 0000 0001 2291 0054
GND: 2149193-8
SUDOC: 086228811
BNF: cb140318401 (data)
BNE: XX132366










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Electronic_Arts&oldid=790722573"					
Categories: Companies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQ1982 establishments in CaliforniaAcademy of Interactive Arts & Sciences membersCompanies based in Redwood City, CaliforniaElectronic ArtsEntertainment companies based in CaliforniaEntertainment companies established in 1982Entertainment Software AssociationInternational Game Developers Association membersMac software companiesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesSoftware companies based in the San Francisco Bay AreaVideo game companies based in CaliforniaVideo game companies established in 1982Video game companies of the United StatesVideo game development companiesVideo game publishersWargame companiesHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles that may be too long from February 2017Use mdy dates from July 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2016Articles with unsourced statements from August 2007Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתქართულიLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиBahasa MelayuМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 15 July 2017, at 17:35.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.















































EA Stock Price - Electronic Arts Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,796.26


-0.29


0.00%











S&P 500

2,466.37


-9.05


-0.37%











Nasdaq

6,359.72


-22.47


-0.35%











GlobalDow

2,843.55


-7.53


-0.26%











Gold

1,272.30


5.80


0.46%











Oil

49.75


0.71


1.45%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
8.6




MHK 
4.5




COL 
4.3




HES 
3.8






MO
-17.7




GT
-10.0




FLS
-9.7




MAT
-8.5














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








10:41a

Japan slaps 50% tariff on U.S. frozen beef, first such action in 14 years



10:37a

Packing the Pounds Back on Pigs



10:33a

Breaking
FDA says it plans to lower nicotine in cigarettes to non-addictive levels



10:30a

Updated
Dollar turns lower for the week following GDP report



10:29a

Updated
Set yourself up to get the most out of retirement



10:29a

Updated
Tesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?



10:29a

Bitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness



10:27a

Updated
Treasury yields dip after second-quarter GDP data



10:26a

Updated
New rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues



10:25a

Updated
These are the times you’re actually allowed to put money back into your IRA












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


EA


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



EA
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Electronic Arts Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateEAAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 28, 2017 10:43 a.m. EDT
Real time quote



$
117.34



-0.26
-0.22%






Previous Close




$117.6000





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




62.51% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    2.1M
                


                65 Day Avg. - 3.3M
            





Open: 114.00
Last: 117.34



113.5000
Day Low/High
117.9200





Day Range



73.7400
52 Week Low/High
120.2500


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$114.00



Day Range
113.5000 - 117.9200



52 Week Range
73.7400 - 120.2500



Market Cap
$36.41B



Shares Outstanding
309.59M



Public Float
303.27M



Beta
1.13



Rev. per Employee
$567.16K



P/E Ratio
31.27



EPS
$3.74



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
6.36M
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
2.10%



Average Volume
3.28M




 


Performance




5 Day


4.56%







1 Month


10.99%







3 Month


23.75%







YTD


48.98%







1 Year


53.75%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones












Opinion            
A menacing pattern has revealed itself in the stock market

Jul. 28, 2017 at 9:53 a.m. ET
by Nigam Arora









Electronic Arts shares slide 3% as outlook falls short
Shares of Electronic Arts Inc.  were down 3% in premarket trade Friday, after the video game company offered a disappointing outlook for the second quarter. The company topped first-quarter profit and revenue estimates, but said it expects a net loss of $57 million and a loss per share of 18 cents for the second quarter, wider than the 6 cents forecast by FactSet.  Analysts were generally positive on the numbers, despite the outlook. "Overall, we thought this was a good start for EA, showcasing the healthy underlying trends or digital, which also serves as positive read-through to other video game publishers such as Activision Blizzard  and Take-Two --both are scheduled to report quarterly results next week," Stifel analysts wrote in a note. Electronic Arts shares have gained 49% in 2017, while the S&P 500  has gained 11%. 

Jul. 28, 2017 at 8:16 a.m. ET
by Ciara Linnane









Electronic Arts shares fall after first-quarter results 
Shares of Electronic Arts Inc.  were falling 3% after hours Thursday after the company reported first-quarter earnings, but included a second-quarter forecast that disappointed. It reported net income of $644 million, or $2.06 per share, up from $440 million, or $1.40 per share, in the year-earlier period. The FactSet GAAP consensus was for earnings per share of $1.90. Net revenue was $1.45 million, up from $1.27 million in the year-earlier period. The FactSet consensus for total revenues was $1.43 million. For the second quarter, it expects net revenue of $955 million, with a net loss of $57 million and a loss per share of 18 cents. Analysts surveyed by FactSet had expected a GAAP loss per share of six cents and total revenue of $990 million. Shares of Electronic Arts have gained 25% in the past three months, outperforming the S&P 500  which has gained 4%.

Jul. 27, 2017 at 4:45 p.m. ET
by Caitlin Huston









Electronic Arts Q1 revenue $1.45 million vs. $1.27 million
Electronic Arts Q1 revenue $1.45 million vs. $1.27 million

Jul. 27, 2017 at 4:29 p.m. ET
by Caitlin Huston









Electronic Arts Q1 FactSet EPS GAAP consensus $1.90
Electronic Arts Q1 FactSet EPS GAAP consensus $1.90

Jul. 27, 2017 at 4:27 p.m. ET
by Caitlin Huston









Electronic Arts Q1 EPS $2.06 vs. $1.40
Electronic Arts Q1 EPS $2.06 vs. $1.40

Jul. 27, 2017 at 4:23 p.m. ET
by Caitlin Huston









Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $134 from $122 at Pacific Crest
Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $134 from $122 at Pacific Crest

Jun. 16, 2017 at 7:25 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore










The No. 1 lesson from the ‘crash-lite’ for tech stocks

Jun. 13, 2017 at 9:05 a.m. ET
by Victor Reklaitis









EA shifts sales strategy with new 'Star War' game
When Electronic Arts Inc. releases the sequel to "Star Wars Battlefront" this fall, it plans to ditch one lucrative sales pipeline for another that is potentially even bigger, refined in mobile videogames.

Jun. 11, 2017 at 5:16 p.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com










Apple ad-blocking could help Facebook and Google despite slowing online ad growth

Jun. 8, 2017 at 7:45 a.m. ET
by Jeremy C. Owens









Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $126 from $114 at Morgan Stanley
Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $126 from $114 at Morgan Stanley

Jun. 7, 2017 at 9:06 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Zynga shares climb after upgrade to overweight from neutral at Piper Jaffray
Shares of Zynga Inc.  climbed 2.3% in premarket trade Tuesday after the stock was upgraded to overweight from neutral at Piper Jaffray. Though the analysts still see mobile games companies as high risk, they say Zynga's attention to live services and the company's focus on cost containment, meaning maintaining existing games, rather than depending on producing new "mega-hits," lower the risk of the investment. Additionally, the analysts say they have confidence in the company's management team, most of whom came from Electronic Arts Inc. . The analysts see the executives following the same strategy as Electronic Arts, which they say was successfully able to turn its business around. The analysts increased their price target to $4 from $3. Shares of Zynga have gained 21% month-to-date, compared to the S&P 500's  gain of 1.3%. 

May. 30, 2017 at 8:56 a.m. ET
by Caitlin Huston









Tesla names former Electronic Arts exec Gaby Toledano as head of HR
Tesla Inc.  said Gaby Toledano has become its new head of human resources, replacing Arnnon Geshuri who held the role for more than eight years. Toledano joins Tesla after 10 years as an executive at Electronic Arts , the company said in a blog post. Before that, she was head of HR at Siebel Systems, and has done stints at Microsoft  and Oracle . Geshuri joined Tesla from Google  and is planning a short break "before moving on to a new endeavour," the company said. Tesla shares were trading up 1.3% Wednesday, and have gained 44% in 2017, while the S&P 500  has gained 7%. 

May. 24, 2017 at 12:00 p.m. ET
by Ciara Linnane










Tech stocks’ three winners, three losers after earnings season

May. 15, 2017 at 8:29 a.m. ET
by Jeff Reeves









Electronic Arts downgraded to neutral from long-term buy at Hilliard Lyons
Electronic Arts downgraded to neutral from long-term buy at Hilliard Lyons

May. 12, 2017 at 9:20 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore










Nasdaq closes at record for 4th straight day as Dow slips in FBI firing aftermath

May. 10, 2017 at 4:45 p.m. ET
by Victor Reklaitis










Stock winners and losers — Nvidia rockets and Yelp tumbles

May. 10, 2017 at 11:33 a.m. ET
by Philip van Doorn









Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $114.35 from $105.16 at Benchmark
Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $114.35 from $105.16 at Benchmark

May. 10, 2017 at 10:35 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $112 from $96 at UBS
Electronic Arts stock price target raised to $112 from $96 at UBS

May. 10, 2017 at 9:46 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Electronic Arts shares up 7.3% premarket
Electronic Arts shares up 7.3% premarket

May. 10, 2017 at 8:23 a.m. ET
by Ciara Linnane













Stocks to Watch: Amazon, Intel, Starbucks, American Airlines, Goodyear, Exxon Mobil
Among the companies with shares expected to trade actively in Friday's session are Amazon.com Inc., Intel Corp., Starbucks Corp., Expedia Inc. and First Solar Inc.

Jul. 28, 2017 at 9:34 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









EA Could be a Blockbuster Stock Without a Blockbuster Game
Investors are less concerned these days if the company doesn’t launch a hot game every quarter.

Jul. 27, 2017 at 1:31 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Electronic Arts Earnings: What to Watch    
Electronic Arts Inc. reports earnings for its fiscal first quarter after the close of trading Thursday. Here’s what to watch.  

Jul. 27, 2017 at 6:00 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Why EA and Activision Could See Their Incredible Runs Continue
A shift to digital downloads will continue to boost the videogame companies, one analyst argues.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 12:58 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Overwatch League Backers Come From Football, Baseball 
Activision Blizzard unveiled a roster of sports-team owners and videogame-industry veterans involved in an esports league it pledged to launch before the end of the year. 

Jul. 12, 2017 at 8:28 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









When High Costs Predict Higher Stock Prices
Big spending on sales, marketing, and staffing could indicate that a company’s stock has upside.

Jul. 8, 2017 at 1:08 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Millennials’ Favorite Stocks Underperformed In the First Half of 2017
The Barron’s Next 50 was up 7.6% in the first six months of the year, compared to 8.3% rise for the S&P 500. Retail stocks weighed on the Next 50.

Jun. 30, 2017 at 4:46 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









How to Play EA’s Rally
More full game downloads, digital add-on content, and streaming game offerings could drive EA’s profits higher.

Jun. 23, 2017 at 4:56 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









3 Big-Caps Delivering Surging Revenue Growth
U.S. corporate earnings and sales are showing significant strength. Here’s how investors can benefit.

Jun. 16, 2017 at 7:20 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









E3: In Gaming, the Strong Get Stronger
An analyst says that developments at the E3 videogame conference bode well for Activision Blizzard and Electronic Arts.

Jun. 14, 2017 at 2:03 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









E3: EA Kicks Off With ‘Win’ for Gamers and Investors
The videogame company announced new games and a strategy to win customers and improve profits. 

Jun. 12, 2017 at 5:54 p.m. ET
on Barron's Online









‘Star Wars Battlefront II’ Maker Looks to Shift Revenue to Hyperspace
Electronic Arts Inc. says it will release its latest Star Wars console videogame with the lucrative virtual enhancements commonly found in free mobile games. 

Jun. 10, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Best Stock Plays in ESports
There is a unique video opportunity for streaming, which will benefit Amazon, Facebook, Alphabet and Microsoft.

Jun. 9, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Game Makers in Play for Upside
Activision Blizzard and Electronic Arts will soon demo titles that have large implications for earnings.

Jun. 8, 2017 at 11:42 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Videogame Stocks Have Powered Up, And Analysts Think They Could Go Even Higher


Jun. 7, 2017 at 3:12 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Videogame Downloads Reach A Pivotal Point
Digital downloads now make up a third of all game purchases and could be 50% by 2019, an analyst says.

Jun. 7, 2017 at 11:30 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Videogame Software Startup Unity Is Valued at $2.8 Billion
Unity Technologies is putting the finishing touches on a $400 million funding round of financing that values the videogame technology company at about $2.8 billion, according to people familiar with the matter.

May. 23, 2017 at 10:31 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Charting the Market
A graphic look at selected stock activity for the week ended May 12, 2017. Included are Macy’s, PetMed Express, and Electronic Arts.

May. 13, 2017 at 12:23 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









A Savvy Way to Play the Sizzling Videogame Sector
Gaming names have been on fire. See which stock can ride the sector’s coattails and double in five years.

May. 11, 2017 at 7:07 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









EA Is Making Gaming Even More Profitable
Shares of Electronic Arts are at new highs thanks to a profitable quarter in which gamers bought extra digital content. 

May. 10, 2017 at 10:31 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Electronic Arts' (EA) Q1 Earnings Beat, Revenues Grow Y/Y
Electronics Arts (EA) Q1 earnings were driven by strength in franchises and increasing digital revenues. 

Jul. 28, 2017 at 9:23 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Electronic Arts (EA) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
Electronic Arts (EA) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Jul. 27, 2017 at 8:25 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Electronic Arts Earnings Jump 47% Year Over Year In June Quarter
Video game publisher Electronic Arts (EA) late Thursday reported earnings per share of $2.06, up 47% year over year, on revenue of $1.45 billion, up 14%, for its fiscal first quarter, compared with $1.40 and $1.27 billion in the year-earlier period. Analysts track EA results on a non-GAAP basis, which EA no longer reports, making comparisons difficult. EA stock was down 0.5% in after-hours trading on the stock market today. During the regular

Jul. 27, 2017 at 3:24 p.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





Electronic Arts -3.9% despite revenue growth in its Q1
Electronic Arts -3.9% despite revenue growth in its Q1

Jul. 27, 2017 at 4:18 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





 Can Electronic Arts&#8217; Revenues Keep Rising? 
Analysts expect Electronic Arts’(EA) revenue to rise 12.6% YoY (year-over-year) in fiscal 1Q18 to $768.1 million.

Jul. 24, 2017 at 6:41 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Electronic Arts Earnings: What to Watch    
Electronic Arts Inc. reports earnings for its fiscal first quarter after the close of trading Thursday. Here’s what to watch.  

Jul. 27, 2017 at 6:00 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal





Watch These 6 Huge Put Purchases In Thursday Trade
Watch These 6 Huge Put Purchases In Thursday Trade

Jul. 27, 2017 at 3:44 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Watch These 6 Huge Put Purchases In Thursday Trade
Watch These 6 Huge Put Purchases In Thursday Trade

Jul. 27, 2017 at 3:44 a.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Notable earnings after Thursday’s close
Notable earnings after Thursday’s close

Jul. 26, 2017 at 5:35 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Netflix Reaches 'Escape Velocity'; EA, iRobot Get Price-Target Hikes
Internet television network Netflix (NFLX), home-cleaning robot maker iRobot (IRBT) and video game publisher Electronic Arts (EA) received upbeat analyst reports on Wednesday. Netflix Going To The Moon BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield pounded the table for Netflix on Wednesday, reiterating his buy rating and raising his price target to 225 from 170. The subscription video-on-demand service is "hitting escape velocity," Greenfield said in a report.

Jul. 26, 2017 at 3:14 p.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From July 26
Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From July 26

Jul. 26, 2017 at 3:04 p.m. ET
on benzinga.com





Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From July 26
Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From July 26

Jul. 26, 2017 at 3:04 p.m. ET
on benzinga.com





McDonald's, TI, AMD Get Price-Target Hikes; Electronic Arts Is A Buy
Analyst actions on Wednesday included an upgrade for Electronic Arts (EA) and price-target hikes for McDonald's (MCD), Texas Instruments (TXN), Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) and Expedia (EXPE). McDonald's [ibd-display-video id=2061563 width=50 float=left autostart=true]Barclays raised its price target for the Dow Jones industrial average component to 173 from 164, keeping an overweight rating, after the fast-food giant's Q2 results showed positive

Jul. 26, 2017 at 8:46 a.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





Electronic Arts +2.6% as BofA upgrades to Buy on solid pipeline
Electronic Arts +2.6% as BofA upgrades to Buy on solid pipeline

Jul. 26, 2017 at 1:28 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Electronic Arts: Cautious Buy
Electronic Arts: Cautious Buy

Jul. 26, 2017 at 12:14 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





How to Trade Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Stock After Earnings
How to Trade Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Stock After Earnings

Jul. 26, 2017 at 10:47 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





 Activision on the Street: Analyst Expectations in July 
In the trailing-12-month period, Activision (ATVI) stock has risen 47.6%. In the past month, shares have risen 1.5%.

Jul. 24, 2017 at 6:41 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: BP, Chipotle, Citigroup, Electronic Arts, Eli Lilly, McDonald’s, Texas Instruments, US Steel and More
The  top analyst upgrades, downgrades and other research calls from Wednesday include BP, Chipotle, Citigroup, Electronic Arts, Eli Lilly, McDonald's, Texas Instruments and U.S. Steel.

Jul. 26, 2017 at 8:37 a.m. ET
on 247WallSt.com





 Electronic Arts on the Street: Analyst Expectations in July 2017 
In the trailing-12-month period, Electronic Arts (EA) stock has risen 48.9%. In the past month, its shares have declined 1%.

Jul. 24, 2017 at 6:41 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





3 Stocks That Tripled in Just 3 Years


Jul. 26, 2017 at 8:29 a.m. ET
on Motley Fool









Investor Network: Electronic Arts Inc. to Host Earnings Call
Investor Network: Electronic Arts Inc. to Host Earnings Call

Jul. 27, 2017 at 11:45 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





EA Announces The Sims 4 is Coming to Consoles on November 17th
EA Announces The Sims 4 is Coming to Consoles on November 17th

Jul. 26, 2017 at 1:00 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Electronic Arts to Webcast 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Electronic Arts to Webcast 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders

Jul. 21, 2017 at 4:05 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Pre-Market Technical Recap on Multimedia & Graphics Software Stocks -- Zynga, Activision Blizzard, Glu Mobile, and Electronic Arts
Pre-Market Technical Recap on Multimedia & Graphics Software Stocks -- Zynga, Activision Blizzard, Glu Mobile, and Electronic Arts

Jul. 7, 2017 at 6:05 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





EA to Release First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Results on July 27, 2017
EA to Release First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Results on July 27, 2017

Jul. 6, 2017 at 4:05 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





EA SPORTS NHL 18 Reveals Edmonton Oilers Superstar Connor McDavid 
      as Cover Athlete at 2017 NHL Awards
EA SPORTS NHL 18 Reveals Edmonton Oilers Superstar Connor McDavid 
      as Cover Athlete at 2017 NHL Awards

Jun. 21, 2017 at 8:45 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Watch BizWireTV: JetBlue and Utrip Bring AI to Trip Planning and 
      Pandora Gets a Huge Boost from SiriusXM 
Watch BizWireTV: JetBlue and Utrip Bring AI to Trip Planning and 
      Pandora Gets a Huge Boost from SiriusXM 

Jun. 15, 2017 at 8:08 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Electronic Arts and Activision
Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Electronic Arts and Activision

Jun. 15, 2017 at 8:07 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Venture into Danger with New IP from EA,Anthem™
Venture into Danger with New IP from EA,Anthem™

Jun. 11, 2017 at 7:13 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Full Details Revealed for EA SPORTS™ FIFA 18 Built for 
      Nintendo Switch
Full Details Revealed for EA SPORTS™ FIFA 18 Built for 
      Nintendo Switch

Jun. 10, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





EA Announces a Uniquely Tailored Co-Op Adventure Game in A Way Out
EA Announces a Uniquely Tailored Co-Op Adventure Game in A Way Out

Jun. 10, 2017 at 3:30 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





EA PLAY 2017: Tune Into “Live @ EA PLAY” To Get a First Look at Eight 
      Games and More Surprises
EA PLAY 2017: Tune Into “Live @ EA PLAY” To Get a First Look at Eight 
      Games and More Surprises

Jun. 8, 2017 at 1:03 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Cristiano Ronaldo Named Global Cover Star for EA SPORTS FIFA 18
Cristiano Ronaldo Named Global Cover Star for EA SPORTS FIFA 18

Jun. 5, 2017 at 11:01 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





EA Reveals New Action Driving Fantasy with Need for Speed Payback
EA Reveals New Action Driving Fantasy with Need for Speed Payback

Jun. 2, 2017 at 9:01 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Multimedia and Graphics Software Stocks Under Scanner -- Electronic Arts, Take-Two Interactive Software, Function(x), and Avid Technology
Multimedia and Graphics Software Stocks Under Scanner -- Electronic Arts, Take-Two Interactive Software, Function(x), and Avid Technology

May. 30, 2017 at 6:50 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





EA PLAY 2017: Nas, DJ Green Lantern and Dave East to Perform at 
      Player FanFest
EA PLAY 2017: Nas, DJ Green Lantern and Dave East to Perform at 
      Player FanFest

May. 25, 2017 at 3:07 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Post Earnings Coverage as Electronic Arts' Q4 Top-line Rose 17% Y-o-Y
Post Earnings Coverage as Electronic Arts' Q4 Top-line Rose 17% Y-o-Y

May. 25, 2017 at 8:35 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Watch BizWireTV as the WannaCry Ransomware Epidemic Meets its Match 
      in Symantec and Announcing the Nominees for the BET Awards 2017
Watch BizWireTV as the WannaCry Ransomware Epidemic Meets its Match 
      in Symantec and Announcing the Nominees for the BET Awards 2017

May. 18, 2017 at 8:08 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





This Week's Earnings Recap
This Week's Earnings Recap

May. 12, 2017 at 10:55 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Tom Brady Named EA SPORTS Madden NFL 18 Cover Athlete
Tom Brady Named EA SPORTS Madden NFL 18 Cover Athlete

May. 12, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX











Electronic Arts Inc.


            
            Electronic Arts, Inc. is a digital interactive entertainment company. The company develops and delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, mobile devices and personal computers. Its product brands include The Sims, Madden NFL, EA SPORTS FIFA, Battlefield, Need for Speed, Dragon Age and Plants vs. Zombies .The company was founded by William M. Hawkins III in 1982 and is headquartered in Redwood City, CA.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 26
Full Ratings 





5 Biggest Price Target Changes For Friday


Jul. 28, 2017 at 9:49 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For July 26, 2017


Jul. 26, 2017 at 9:25 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Electronic Arts on the Street: Analyst Expectations in July 2017


Jul. 24, 2017 at 6:41 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Microsoft Corp.
-0.22%
$564.83B


Take-Two Interactive Software Inc.
-0.38%
$8.28B


Glu Mobile Inc.
-0.36%
$370.54M


Activision Blizzard Inc.
-0.06%
$46.1B


Sony Corp. ADR
-0.94%
$52.04B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMZN

-3.25%








SBUX

-8.12%








BIDU

8.14%








DVAX

-11.06%








XOM

-1.91%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.












	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































