

	ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC Trademark of ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC. Serial Number: 78665675 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC










 
Get FREE email alerts













ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC  Trademark Information
 ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC
Venture capital funding services to emerging and start-up companies; fund investment consultation; management of investment funds




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
venture   capital   funding   services   emerging   startup   companies   fund   investment   consultation   management   investment   funds    
                                    




This is a brand page for the ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC trademark by ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC 
                                in Radon, PA, 19087.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC of the ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC trademark.
                           






On Thursday, July 7, 2005,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC by 
                        ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC, Radon, PA  19087.
                        The USPTO has given the ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC 
                        trademark serial  number of  78665675.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC is 
                        
                        
                                            Rochelle D. Alpert of 
                                            MORGAN, LEWIS & BOCKIUS LLP,  ONE MARKET SPEAR STREET TOWER, SAN FRANCISCO CA 94105-1126 
                                .
                            The ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC 
                            is Venture capital funding services to emerging and start-up companies; fund investment consultation; management of investment funds. 
                            





Word mark:
 ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

10/26/2009






  Serial Number:  
78665675


  Filing Date:  
7/7/2005


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Venture capital funding services to emerging and start-up companies; fund investment consultation; management of investment funds


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
7/4/2006


Last Applicant/Owner:

ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLCRadon, PA  19087
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC")


 Correspondent:


Rochelle D. Alpert
MORGAN, LEWIS & BOCKIUS LLP
ONE MARKET SPEAR STREET TOWER
SAN FRANCISCO CA 94105-1126






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

10/26/2009
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Rochelle D. Alpert


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search elementventurepartne on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC 




ELEMENT VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC is providing Venture capital funding services to emerging and start-up companies; fund investment consultation; management of investment funds.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 






















Agility Fuel Systems — element partners












Growth Equity for Sustainability Technology & Innovation
















"Using natural gas rather than diesel as a transportation fuel represents a meaningful economic and environmental value proposition for fleet operators, and Agility provides highly-engineered fueling systems for these medium and heavy duty vehicles."







Santa Ana, CA
www.agilityfs.comAgility Fuel SystemsAgility Fuel Systems is the leading provider of on-vehicle alternative fuel systems to heavy duty commercial vehicle manufacturers, dealers and end-users. Agility's full spectrum of services includes engineering, design, prototyping, manufacturing, installation, and continuous after-market service and support. Agility's fuel systems help fleet operators to reduce operating and fuel costs and to lower emissions by switching from diesel to natural gas or biomethane.















Soleras Advanced Coatings — element partners












Growth Equity for Sustainability Technology & Innovation


















Deinze, Belgium
www.soleras.comSoleras Advanced CoatingsSoleras Advanced Coatings provides key equipment and consumable advanced material targets to many industrial segments, including the manufacturers of energy efficient, â€˜low-e' glass, electrochromic and â€˜smart' glass, thin film photovoltaic panels and advanced displays used in touch screen phones and tablet computers.















Creating Value — element partners












Growth Equity for Sustainability Technology & Innovation









AboutOur FocusCreating ValueCreating Value

The Element team has significant experience as successful investors, entrepreneurs, and senior executives. We look to use this experience, along with our deep industry expertise and relationships, to add value to our portfolio companies. Specifically, we look to support our portfolio companies in the following ways:

Active board participation
Sales, marketing, and business development
Recruiting senior executives
Using our extensive network of contacts and relationships to connect with new customers and business partners
Strategic guidance for organic growth and accretive acquisitions
Long-term financial support
Planning and executing the exit path and value realization for shareholders

























 






Home — element partners












Growth Equity for Sustainability Technology & Innovation








Team
We strive to become long-term partners with our portfolio companies by providing financial resources, industry contacts, and the strategic insights necessary to maximize growth and shareholder return.




About
Our team has successfully managed over $1.25 billion in capital commitments.




Companies
As sector and technology focused investors, we bring a unique depth of knowledge and experience to our portfolio companies.




For Entrepreneurs
Element is a growth equity investment firm exclusively focused on high growth companies providing sustainability technology and innovation solutions to large industrial markets.




Press
Our objective is to provide capital and strategic guidance to help entrepreneurial management teams build market leading businesses.




Press
We work together with management teams to maximize the full growth potential of our portfolio companies.





Element Partners

Element Partners is the leading growth equity fund dedicated to investments in sustainability technology & innovation in  large industrial markets including energy, water, transportation, manufacturing, food, and agriculture. Element strives to partner with management in high growth companies to provide them with the necessary capital, resources, and support to achieve their highest potential and to maximize shareholder value.
We have a long history of providing our portfolio companies with the financial resources, industry contacts, and strategic insights necessary to maximize growth and shareholder return. Together, the principals have successfully invested over $1.3 billion into private companies.

InvestmentsRecent NewsDetechtion Technologies and Enbase Combine to Power the Digital OilfieldView ArticleTAS: The Benefits of a 'Modular' Future for DataView ArticleAquaVenture Holdings Announces Closing of Initial Public Offering and Exercise of Over-Allotment OptionView ArticleHayward Gordon ULC and GE Sign Agreement for Distribution of Nozzle Mixing Systems in North AmericaDownload PDF

















Energex — element partners












Growth Equity for Sustainability Technology & Innovation
















"Wood pellets burn much cleaner than fossil fuel alternatives, as they do not emit any Sulphur Dioxide (SO2), emit significantly less Nitrogen Oxide (NOx), and are considered Carbon Dioxide neutral. In addition to being considered the cleanest burning solid fuel available, Energex wood pellets save valuable landfill space by making use of waste sawdust and other wood byproducts."








Mifflintown, PA
Lac-MÃ©gantic, Quebec

www.energex.comEnergexEnergex is one of the largest producers of residential and industrial wood pellet fuel in North America, with total annual sales of over 140,000 tons of biofuel. Wood pellet fuel is an environmentally friendly and renewable source of energy, rapidly gaining market shares for applications in residential heating, commercial utility, and CO2 offset markets.















Companies — element partners












Growth Equity for Sustainability Technology & Innovation









CompaniesCurrent InvestmentsSelect Past Investments













Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Element Venture Partners, LLC - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Element Venture Partners, LLC
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Element Venture Partners, LLC. Find out Element Venture Partners, LLC address and contact details. View other people related to Element Venture Partners, LLC - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

565 E SWEDESFORD ROAD  WAYNE 19087 PA




Companies related to Element Venture Partners, LLC
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001422841AquaVenture Holdings LtdCOMMERCE HOUSE, WICKHAMS CAY 1 P.O. BOX 3140, ROAD TOWN TORTOLA VG1110




Element Venture Partners, LLC on the Web
Persons related to Element Venture Partners, LLC - AquaVenture Holdings LtdNamePositionCityIbarguen  AnthonyTampaMichael J  BevanDirector TAMPAO'Neil  BrianTampaO'Neill  BrianTampaDOUGLAS R  BROWNChief Executive Officer CAMBRIDGEMeduna  CyrilTampaMeduna  CyrulTampaDFJ ELEMENT INTRAFUND L PWAYNEDFJ ELEMENT L PWAYNEDFJ Element Partners, LLCTAMPABrown  DouglasTampaElement II-A G.P., LLCWAYNEElement II G.P., LLCRADNORElement Partners II-A G.P., L.P.WAYNEElement Partners II-A, L.P.WAYNEElement Partners II G.P., L.P.RADNORELEMENT PARTNERS II INTRAFUND LPRADNORELEMENT PARTNERS II LPRADNORLovell  EvanSan FranciscoLovell  EvanTampaHugh M  EvansDirector TAMPAPAUL T  HANRAHANDirector WESTCHESTEREvans  HughTampaANTHONY  IBARGUENPresident WAYNECurtis  JohnTampaMuller  LeeTampaDavid F  LincolnWAYNE,Evan  LovellDirector TAMPACyril  MedunaTAMPABevan  MichaelTampaBevan  MichaelRadnorBevan  MichaelRadnorLee S  MullerChief Financial Officer TAMPABrian  O'NeillDirector TAMPAHanrahan  PaulTampaRichard F  ReillyDirector NORTHBOROUGHReilly  RichardTampaBergstrom  RobertTampaFoster  SteveSan FranciscoVGF I LtdSAN FRANCISCOVGF Partners I, L.P.SAN FRANCISCOVirgin Green Fund I LPSAN FRANCISCO












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 




New Venture Partners LLC | 






















































×
New Venture Partners









 











 

New Venture Partners
A venture capital firm, collaborating with major corporations and R&D institutions on technology innovation, to build new companies.




View Video
 CASE STUDY




View Video
 CASE STUDY




View Video
 CASE STUDY




View Video
 CASE STUDY





 






About Us
With 20 years of experience, our team has founded and funded more than 60 ventures sourced from some of the world's great technology companies.  We began as the venture capital arm of Lucent's renowned Bell Labs in the mid-90's and became an independent venture firm in 2001.



What We Do

We invest in new ventures with proprietary technology. We take an active role in identifying candidate technologies, building great management teams and developing partnerships with major corporations.

LEARN MORE 



The Rationale

Corporations that invest heavily in R&D often lack channels to market for the opportunities they create. Strategic and financial rewards from commercializing innovations through venturing are often missed. Expertise and capital are needed.

LEARN MORE 



Corporate Partnership

New Venture Partners establishes close, long-term relationships with global technology corporations and other institutions to commercialize their technologies. We seek to leverage the corporate ecosystem to generate financial returns for the corporation and commercial advantage for the new venture.

LEARN MORE 








Our Team
Our founding team has been together for nearly 20 years of venture capital investing in concert with major global corporations.We are supported by a strategic advisory board of executives, academics, and statesmen.







Andrew Garman Managing Partner











Stephen Socolof Managing Partner










Tom Uhlman Managing Partner











Marc Rappoport Chief Financial Officer & Partner










Stephanie Petak Assistant Controller











Jane Dela Cruz Office Manager & Executive Assistant










Stewart Davies Chairman, Advisory Board











Sir Peter Bonfield Advisory Board Member










Henry W. Chesbrough Advisory Board Member











Sir Richard B. Dearlove Advisory Board Member










Paul M. Horn Advisory Board Member











Daniel C. Stanzione Sr. Advisory Board Member










Peter Wheeler Advisory Board Member










Our Portfolio
Our Case Studies



 

 

 

 

 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







Silicon Hive BV
Semiconductor tools that enable chip designers to make fully-programmable System-on-Chips (SoCs) for demanding applications.
LEARN MORE












Everspin Technologies
Everspin’s unique magnetic-based semiconductor memory technology (MRAM) is used for storage, communication, automotive and industrial applications which revolutionizes non-volatile memory by storing data using magnetic polarization rather than electric charge.
LEARN MORE












Flarion
Flarion’s Flash-OFDM mobile communications network technology demonstrated seamless mobile Internet access, enabling mobile operators to profitably offer low-cost, IP-based wireless broadband services. Flarion ran successful trials with several carriers throughout North America and Asia, Vodafone Group in Japan, T-Mobile in Europe, and Telstra in Australia, among others. In January 2006, Qualcomm (NASDAQ: QCOM) purchased Flarion for $805 million making it the second-largest venture backed company exit of that year. 
LEARN MORE












Celiant
Celiant Corporation (Celiant) designed, manufactured and sold power amplifiers and base station subsystems for 2G and 3G wireless systems. These power amplifiers resided in the base stations of mobile communication installations, enabling adequate signal strength to be transmitted for reception by mobile handsets.
LEARN MORE












GainSpan
GainSpan develops Wi-Fi semiconductor and software solutions that deliver the convenience, security and manageability benefits of Wi-Fi, along with 5-10 years of battery life needed for applications such as temperature monitoring for energy management, condition monitoring of industrial equipment, or street lighting for metro areas. Investors include Intel Capital, New Venture Partners, OVP Venture Partners and Sigma Partners.
LEARN MORE












AetherPal
AetherPal is transforming the support experience for mobile device customers. The world’s most respected mobile operators and device OEMs rely upon AetherPal’s Smart Care™ products to engage directly and authentically with customers to quickly resolve issues, augment device performance and improve productivity, resulting in satisfied customers, fewer device returns, and lower support costs.
The Smart Care™ suite supports all major mobile and computer platforms.  Powered by in-house developed patent-pending algorithms, we differentiate ourselves as a faster, lighter and more secure solution to remotely manage smart devices utilizing real-time data while ensuring complete user privacy. These characteristics of our products allow us to deliver a superior experience resulting in increased brand loyalty and fewer device returns while significantly reducing support costs.
AetherPal Inc., backed by leading venture capital firms, is based in New Jersey near New York City with offices in Chennai, India.
WEBSITE












BLiNQ Networks
BLiNQ Networks is the leading developer of intelligent non-line-of sight (NLOS) wireless backhaul systems for compact base stations that enable wireless carriers to address the growth in demand for capacity.  As wireless carriers increase the density of cell sites by deploying compact base stations that improve the capacity of wireless networks, operators will need cost-effective and intelligent backhaul systems to transport data to the core network. BLiNQ’s NLOS backhaul product is a point to multi-point backhaul network deployed in a cluster configuration in urban or suburban areas operating in licensed spectrum bands, such as 2.3/2.5/2.6 GHz or 3.5 GHz TDD bands.
WEBSITE












Brisbane Materials
Brisbane Materials aims to be the leading supplier of anti-reflective and anti-soiling coatings for solar and other applications. Born out of the University of Queensland in 2005, Brisbane Materials builds on six years and significant investment in technology and application experience. Longer term, Brisbane Materials will extend its unique room temperature and atmospheric pressure synthesis of glass and ceramic coatings to a wide variety of materials systems and applications.
WEBSITE












CrossFiber
CrossFiber develops and manufactures LiteSwitch™ Modules: flexible all-optical switching modules for a range of applications from ROADMs to automated fiber cross-connects. They re-invented every element of photonic switching, until we shrank size, packed performance and eliminated costly technologies.
 
WEBSITE












Everspin
Everspin Technologies is the global leader in developing and manufacturing magnetic-based memory (MRAM). With roots in Freescale Semiconductor, Everspin is now an independent company backed by prominent venture capital firms. A growing number of leading corporations have adopted Everspin MRAM to enable their most advanced products.
“Freescale was looking for the right investment partner to commercialize a breakthrough technology that had continuing strategic importance for them. New Venture Partners negotiated an entire set of agreements for the spinout of our business and for our ongoing manufacturing and sales partnership with Freescale, and led the syndication with other venture investors. We now have a thriving independent venture and a strong strategic relationship with Freescale. ” -Saied Tehrani, Founder and COO, Everspin Technologies
WEBSITE












GainSpan

GainSpan develops Wi-Fi semiconductor and software solutions that deliver the convenience, security and manageability benefits of Wi-Fi, along with 5-10 years of battery life needed for applications such as temperature monitoring for energy management, condition monitoring of industrial equipment, or street lighting for metro areas. Investors include Intel Capital, New Venture Partners, OVP Venture Partners and Sigma Partners.
WEBSITE












ICRTec
An engine alternative that North America needs – now.
The ICR350 is cleaner burning and more cost effective than the best diesel engines today.  It emits less than one-eighth of the NOX/particulate emissions allowed under EPA 2010 regulations with better fuel economy and lower greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions than diesels.
“ICRTec owns the alternative to traditional diesel power – an innovative, fuel efficient, low emission and fuel flexible gas turbine engine that competes in the North American $14 billion diesel engine market. ”
WEBSITE












Novinda
Novinda has developed a proprietary technology that effectively removes mercury from post combustion gases of coal fired power plants. Proposed 2011 federal regulation, in addition to existing state regulations, requires the removal of a large portion of mercury, which is toxic to humans. Removal is accomplished with the injection into the furnace flue ducts of a solid sorbent material based on naturally occurring clays. Unlike the principal alternative, activated carbon, Novinda’s sorbent allows resale of fly ash, a solid combustion byproduct, as a component of concrete. This is both environmentally safer and an economic advantage for the power utility. The company is introducing its product to the utility market this year. Novinda is based in Denver, CO.
WEBSITE












NVMdurance

NVMdurance delivers via software, a set of NAND Flash optimization techniques developed over the past 13 years by technical co-founders Joe Sullivan and Conor Ryan. These have the effect of greatly extending the endurance (lifespan) of Solid State Disks (SSDs), and thus overcoming a major issue (limited endurance) that is delaying the storage industry’s transition from spinning magnetic (hard) disks to SSDs, particularly for server/enterprise storage.
We know from our engagement with major SSD manufacturers and Flash foundries that the results routinely achieving are significantly ahead of any in-house or competitive approaches to endurance improvement. At Flash Memory Summit 2013, NVMdurance won Most Innovative Technology after demonstrating endurance improvements greater than tenfold. NVMdurance achieves higher levels of improvement with the newer smaller geometry devices, many of which have major endurance challenges.
“Ironically, two of the more popular innovators at the event were in a small booth at the back of the show floor. Conor Ryan and Joe Sullivan of the two-month-old startup NVMdurance won a best of show award for their 10-fold increase in flash endurance — an Achilles’ heel of the otherwise hot memory chips. ” -Rick Merritt, EETimes.com, August 2013
WEBSITE












Vasona Networks
Developing software that improves mobile carrier infrastructure efficiency.
WEBSITE












@Road
Provider of mobile resource management services that allow enterprise customers to improve productivity by enabling the management of the activities of their mobile workers and assets and their goods and services.
In February 2005, @Road (NASDAQ: ARDI) acquired Vidus Ltd., a private company whose investors included New Venture Partners.












Airclic
AirClic, headquartered in Trevose, Pennsylvaniais, is the leading provider of mobile supply chain software products that enable large and medium sized enterprises to efficiently manage the activities of mobile workers. The company’s product solutions are focused on providing customers with proof of delivery, chain of custody and asset tracking features and functionality. Key industry verticals include document storage, health care, food distribution and package delivery. The company’s products offer work flow management, mobile forms, bar code scanning, signature capture and location based services. The company’s go-to-market strategy includes direct sales to large enterprises and working with channel partners on middle market enterprises.
Airclic was acquired by Descartes Systems Group for approximately US $29.7 million. Airclic’s investors included JMI Equity, New Venture Partners and Zon Capital Partners. Canaccord Genuity Inc. acted as financial advisor to Airclic.
WEBSITE












Andrew
Designs and manufactures RF subsystem solutions for wireless, fixed-line, broadband service providers and broadcasters worldwide. In June 2002, Andrew (NASDAQ: ANDW) acquired Celiant Corporation, a private company whose investors included New Venture Partners and Pequot Capital.
“The New Venture Partners team was key to the success of Celiant at every stage in its lifecycle from the identification of the opportunity within Lucent’s Wireless business unit though the successful sale to Andrew Corporation in 2002. They supported us at every turn with everything from business plan development, to negotiating the IP and asset transfers from Lucent, smoothly transferring over 100 employees from Lucent, structuring OEM supply and contract manufacturing agreements with Lucent, to securing the growth funding Celiant needed to execute its business plan. New Venture Partners understands how to partner with large technology corporations and venture management teams and create win-win scenarios for all involved. ” -Ralph Faison, Co-founder and CEO, Celiant & former CEO, Andrew Corp.












Alverix
Producer of handheld Point of Care (POC) diagnostic devices with the accuracy and precision of laboratory instrumentation. Partners with diagnostic and OEM manufacturers seeking to increase current test accuracy, improve the portability of existing tests, or develop new assays for use in physician offices, laboratory outreach locations, retail clinics, and patient homes. Investors included New Venture Partners and Safeguard Scientific.












AraLight
High-bandwidth, ultra-dense optoelectronic modules for Internet infrastructure equipment manufacturers. In January 2004, Xanoptix acquired Aralight, Inc., a private company whose investors included New Venture Partners, Ridgewood Capital, Signal Lake Ventures and Solar Venture Partners.
 












Azure Solutions
Award-winning revenue assurance software and services, enabling communications operators worldwide to reduce losses from malicious and unintentional revenue leakage. In June 2006, Subex Systems merged with Azure to form Subex Azure Ltd. Azure’s investors included A.G. Edwards, Doughty Hanson Technology Ventures, Hexagon Investments, Intel Capital, New Venture Partners and Sequel Venture Partners, among others.












Celiant
Developer of power amplifiers and base station subsystems for 2G and 3G wireless systems. In June 2002, Andrew Corporation (NASDAQ: ANDW) acquired Celiant, a private company whose investors included New Venture Partners and Pequot Capital.
“The New Venture Partners team was key to the success of Celiant at every stage in its lifecycle from finding the opportunity within Lucent’s Wireless business unit though our successful exit. They supported us at every turn with everything from business plan development, to negotiating the IP and asset transfers from Lucent, to smoothly transferring over 100 employees from Lucent, to structuring OEM supply and contract manufacturing agreements with Lucent, to securing the growth capital Celiant needed to execute its business plan. New Venture Partners understands how to partner with large technology corporations and venture management teams and create win-win scenarios for all involved.” -Ralph Faison, Co-founder and CEO, Celiant & former CEO, Andrew Corp.












DAFCA
DAFCA develops electronic design automation (EDA) software for the creation of flexible Systems-on-Chip (SoC) solutions. The result is faster time-to-market and lower chip development costs. Investors include 3i, Bay Partners, Kodiak Venture Partners, New Venture Partners and Vista Ventures.
“We have been working closely with New Venture Partners since before DAFCA was DAFCA, and greatly appreciate their sharp business acumen, customer-centric focus and moral support. We began life as a fragile slide show with lots of holes; today we have a substantial company with a unique value proposition. New Venture Partners has been with us every step of the way.” -Peter Levin, CEO, DAFCA












Elemedia
Pioneering provider of software components, applications and platforms for VoIP application developers and large service providers. In June 1999, Lucent Technologies Inc. acquired Elemedia.












Flarion
Flash-OFDM mobile communications network technology for seamless mobile Internet access, enabling mobile operators to profitably offer low-cost, IP-based broadband services. In January 2006, Qualcomm (NASDAQ: QQQ) acquired Flarion, a private company whose investors included Bessemer Venture Partners, Charles River Ventures, Cisco, Equitek Capital, Nassau Capital, New Venture Partners LLC, Pequot Capital, SK Telecom and T-Mobile.
“The New Venture Partners team collaborated with me and many other Bell Labs researchers to create an exciting alternative path for commercialization of disruptive ideas. In my case Lucent had other priorities that prevented them from committing the resources to realize my vision. Working with the New Venture Partners team to develop the business strategy and plan, we were able to spin Flarion Technologies out of Lucent with funding from a strong group of venture capitalists. Over the years we raised more than $150M to commercialize our technology. Ultimately, Qualcomm acquired Flarion for more than $800 million. ” -Rajiv Laroia, Founder and CTO, Flarion
 












GeoVideo Networks
Full-service provider of video communications services and solutions. In June 2001, Wire One Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: WONE) acquired GeoVideo Networks, Inc., a private company whose investors included Crest Communications, East River Ventures, New Venture Partners and Thomas Weisel Partners.












GlobalCast
Provider of reliable multicast software that delivers solutions and integration services to service providers and public and private network operators. In June 1998, Talarian Corporation acquired GlobalCast Communications, a private company whose investors included Draper Richards, Innovacom, Labrador Ventures, and Sofinnova among others.












iBiquity Digital
iBiquity Digital develops AM and FM broadcast technology that transforms today’s radio from analog to digital, with radically improved sound and new wireless data services. iBiquity was created in August 2000 by the merger of Lucent Digital Radio and USA Digital Radio. Current investors include 14 top radio U.S. radio broadcasters, including ABC, Clear Channel and Viacom; as well as venture capital firms such as Grotech Capital, J.P. Morgan Partners, New Venture Partners and Pequot Capital.
“Since the late 1990s, the New Venture Partners’ team has been instrumental in evolving iBiquity Digital to the successful, market-changing company that it is today. Their operational guidance and insight with strategic industry partnerships has helped iBiquity bring digital HD Radio technology to AM and FM stations across the country. ” -Robert J. Struble, President & CEO, iBiquity Digital
WEBSITE












Intelleflex
Intelleflex is the leader in Extended Capability RFID (radio-frequency identification) solutions, products, and technologies. Its Intelligent RFID Platform, comprising high performance multi-protocol tags and readers, enables solutions for asset tracking, vehicle/yard management, manufacturing WIP control, supply chain automation, parts maintenance, access control, and other applications. It features range, reliability, memory capacity, and security far beyond standard passive RFID, and at a fraction of the cost of active RFID solutions.
“The New Venture Partners’ team provided unique vision and ingenuity to combine a spin-out from Maxim Integrated Products with start-up Intelleflex, creating the clear market leader in Class 3 RFID. Their support has been instrumental in facilitating the deal and realizing the full value for all parties involved. ” -Peter Mehring, President & CEO, Intelleflex
 
WEBSITE












Internet Photonics
Carrier-grade gigabit optical ethernet solutions with 10 gigabit DWDM transport that allows service providers to profitably sell high-bandwidth data services alongside existing legacy services. In May 2004, Ciena Corporation (NASDAQ: CIEN) acquired Internet Photonics, a private company whose investors included ComVentures, New Venture Partners, Sprout Group, TeleSoft Partners and Venturehouse Group.
“My team and I in Bell Labs were pursuing a vision that we passionately believed in, but it didn’t really fit with Lucent’s technology or product strategy at the time. The New Venture Partners team recognized the opportunity and worked closely with us to sharpen the initial business strategy. Then they were instrumental helping us get our team, our lab, and our core IP out of Lucent and bringing in other strong financial backers behind us. New Venture Partners continued to support us through the telecom bust years all the way to our successful exit. ” -Martin Nuss, Founder and CTO, Internet Photonics












ISPsoft
Highly scalable OSS solutions to carriers, enterprises and service providers enabling end-to-end real-time activation of a wide variety of services including VPNs, QoS and broadband across multi-vendor networks. In January 2002, DSET (NASDAQ: DSET) merged with ISPSoft, a private company whose investors included New Venture Partners, Signal Lake Ventures and SGM Capital.












Liquavista
Liquavista develops groundbreaking display technology for mobile devices that offers bright, beautiful color even in direct sunlight with video speed and ultra-low power consumption. Investors included Amadeus Capital Partners, GIMV and New Venture Partners among others. Liquavista was acquired by Samsung Electronics in Dec 2010 for an undisclosed amount. Then in May 2013, Amazon.com acquired Liquavista.
“Even though it was only at a lab stage, the team from New Venture Partners grasped the potential business opportunity created by a talented pair of Philips researchers in Holland. Since that day, New Venture Partners has been a trusted partner to original Philips inventors, the Philips corporate team, and to me who they recruited in as CEO while Liquavista was being seed-funded inside Philips Research. Insight, guidance and support from New Venture Partners helped make Philips researchers into Liquavista entrepreneurs. Most importantly, they ensured that a technological breakthrough, though not strategic to Philips at the time, has evolved into a rapidly growing, independent global company. ” -Mark Gostick, CEO, Liquavista
WEBSITE












Lucent Digital Video
Leading provider of MPEG-2 encoders using sophisticated proprietary compression algorithms for maximum picture quality and optimum efficiency for cable, wireless, fiber optic and satellite back-haul, Direct Broadcast Satellite and other applications. In 1999, Lucent Technologies acquired Lucent Digital Video.












Lumeta
Lumeta provides software solutions for Fortune 2000 network management and security executives to help contain infrastructure expansion costs, reduce network downtime, and protect intellectual property from network exposure. Investors include Draper Fisher Jurvetson (DFJ), DFJ Gotham, meVC, New Venture Partners and Wachovia Strategic Ventures.
“The New Venture Partners team has been instrumental to Lumeta since day one — when they helped us develop a business plan and launch the company — through today. They provide great counsel as active Board members, play a lead role in recruiting and hiring senior management for Lumeta, and make strategic customer and partner introductions. ”-Dave Hickey, CEO, Lumeta












Maps on Us
Maps on Us was created by the Database Systems Research Department at Bell Labs, the research and development arm of Lucent Technologies. The service uses advanced algorithms that minimize the large amount of data processing involved in searching a database. The Maps on Us database uses customized technology to match listings to their geographic locations, and provides unique mechanisms for offering long distance, door-to-door driving directions. This allows Maps on Us users, for example, to get turn-by-turn driving directions to a new restaurant in a distant city, or to print out a detailed map of their area, marking business locations and suggested routes to a particular destination.
“Lucent has capitalized on the tremendous resources of the Bell Labs community in bringing innovative products, such as Maps on Us, to the Web market,” said Tom Uhlman, then president of Lucent’s New Ventures Group. “Switchboard is the premier Internet directory service and now they have taken another critical step in ensuring that their users have the best-of-breed mapping technology. Maps on Us extends the Switchboard service into an even greater one- stop resource for people who want to know where something or someone is and how to get there.”
MapsOnUs provides advanced mapping and driving directions throughout the United States. In May 1998, Switchboard Inc., the majority-owned Internet directory service subsidiary of Banyan Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ:BNYN), acquired the assets, technology, and Web site of Maps On Us from Lucent Technologies.












Microwave Photonics
Wireless access systems for mobile cellular infrastructure that dynamically configures wireless networks for optimal coverage, capacity and services. In February 2005, NextG Networks acquired Microwave Photonics, a private company whose investors included New Venture Partners.












Neohapsis
Neohapsis is a trusted provider of mobile and cloud security services. Neohapsis works with more than 300 global enterprises to address their constantly evolving information security and compliance challenges. Leveraging their security expertise, advanced research and security tools, Neohapsis is at the forefront of securing today’s emerging technologies. Neohapsis delivers risk management, compliance, cloud, application, mobile, and infrastructure security solutions to Fortune 500 customers.
In January 2015, Cisco acquired Neohapsis.
 
WEBSITE












NextG Networks
NextG Networks is a facilities-based telecommunications carrier that deploys distributed, low-power access networks in communities across the United States. Investors in NextG included Gabriel Venture Partners, New Venture Partners and Oak Investment Partners.
“You can count in New Venture Partners to roll up their sleeves and tackle a problem with you.” – John Georges, PhD, former CEO, NextG Networks
In April 2012, NextG Networks was acquired by Crown Castle.












Own
Own Products is leveraging a number of natural technologies allowing for the formulation of natural-based, effective skin care products in anti-aging, anti-acne, and suncare. Own has a strong, experienced brand leadership team who will build markets through direct and retail channels.
WEBSITE












Palladium (Lucent Public Safety Systems)
Providers of an integrated set of products and services that help public safety agencies respond more quickly and efficiently to E911 calls, including software for telephone network switches, caller location databases, E911 call answering equipment, computer-aided dispatch systems, and records management systems. In May 2001, SCC Communications Corp. acquired Lucent Public Safety Systems, and was renamed Intrado (NASDAQ: TRDO).












Procelerate Technologies
Procelerate Technologies produces software that enables manufacturing teams real-time management and execution of product development processes, resulting in better knowledge capture, improved processes and faster time to market. Investors included New Venture Partners, among others.












PsyTechnics
Psytechnics makes innovative software for measuring and monitoring voice and video quality in communications networks for Voice OVer IP, IPTV, mobile communications and other services. Investors included 3i, British Telecom, GIMV and New Venture Partners.
“Psytechnics was originally a spinout from the labs of BT. The New Venture Partners team has played a critical role in supporting our relationship with BT as an ongoing developer and licensor of intellectual property, as well as a customer of our products. Along with our other VC investors, 3i and GIMV, New Venture Partners remains active on our board and as a follow-on investor, in particular, helping with high-level introductions in the industry. ” -Anthony Finbow, CEO, Psytechnics












Real Time Content
Real Time Content empowers digital content and brand owners to deliver video that dynamically changes to specifically match the interests of individual viewers in real time, maximizing the power and performance of every online experience. Investors included British Telecom and New Venture Partners.
“New Venture Partners is an active investor in Real Time Content. As engaged board members, New Venture Partners provides solid business insight and plays an influential role in strategy development as well as helping us execute our plan. ”-Tom Quinn, CEO, Real Time Content
WEBSITE












SavaJe Technologies
Advanced operating system software for next generation handhelds and wireless devices supporting the full range of Java APIs, from MIDP to Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE). In April 2007, Sun Microsystems acquired SavaJe, a private company whose investors included New Venture Partners, Investcorp, Orange, Ridgewood Capital, RRE Ventures, T-Mobile, VantagePoint, and Vodafone.












ShopWell
ShopWell is a consumer food information website that uses nutritional algorithms and expert crowd sourcing from registered dietitians to deliver the only personalized nutrition/food resource in the market. ShopWell delivers customized product scores, personalized nutrition labels and easy-to-understand nutrition information for products based on how well they meet an individual’s unique needs.  ShopWell’s mission is to make healthy eating simple.
In May 2013, ShopWell assets were acquired by HarvestMark.
WEBSITE












Silicon Hive
Silicon Hive, a licensor of semiconductor intellectual property (IP) developed semiconductors that enabled chip designers to make fully-programmable System-on-Chips (SoCs) for demanding applications, such as Digital TV Broadcast Reception, Wireless Datacoms, Camera Signal Processing and Printing & Imaging. Investors included New Venture Partners, TVM Capital and Philips.
“It’s been a pleasure and real benefit to have New Venture Partners as an investor. They’ve brought invaluable industry experience and a network of relevant contacts to help us across strategic issues, financial needs and business development.”-Atul Sinha, Co-founder & CEO, Silicon Hive












SiPort
SiPort develops innovative and highly integrated semiconductor solutions for rapidly growing mobile digital broadcast media markets, including HD Radio. Investors include Lightspeed Venture Partners, Morgenthaler Ventures, New Venture Partners and Intel Capital. In May 2011, SiPort operates as a subsidiary of Intel Corporation.
WEBSITE












Subex
Subex is one of the world’s top providers of operational support systems (OSS) to global telecom operators, with industry leading solutions in revenue maximization and service fulfillment and assurance. The company is publicly traded.
WEBSITE












SyChip
Radio Frequency (RF) Integrated Circuits (ICs) and chip scale modules for the wireless Internet appliance market, reducing time-to-market, increasing performance and improving reliability. In April 2006, SyChip was acquired by Murata Manufacturing. Investors in SyChip included 3i Group, Austin Ventures, Alliance Technology Ventures, Intel Communications Fund, New Venture Partners, Sierra Ventures and Silicon Valley Bank Ventures, among others.












Vallent
Service assurance products for modern wireless service providers and other converged network operators, allowing carriers to optimize network capacity, maximize performance quality and reduce operating costs. In February 2007, IBM acquired Vallent, a private company whose investors included Argo Global Capital, Ericsson Venture Partners, HG Capital, Investor Growth Capital, New Venture Partners, Origin Partners and Pequot Capital.












Vidus
Intelligent fieldforce management solutions, aimed at telecommunications, cable and utility services organizations with mobile workforces of 200-plus engineers. In February 2005, @Road (NASDAQ: ARDI) acquired Vidus, a private company whose investors included New Venture Partners.
“Originally at Vidus and again now at AirVersent, the New Venture Partners network of contacts is hugely valuable to me as CTO in helping identify and progress strategic technology partnerships. As CTO and a founder of Vidus, New Venture Partners provided great support and their credibility helped us build out the management team with strong experienced players. ”-Pól Sweeney, Co-Founder & CTO, Vidus and CTO, Airversant












VPI Systems
VPI Systems provides carriers with intelligent analytics, planning and management capabilities to maximize the value of network resources. VPI Systems’ products enable network operators to launch new services, devices and applications while understanding the impact on the network. VPI Systems’ mobile analytics and capacity management products allow mobile service providers to make real-time business decisions.
WEBSITE











Industry Recognition



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







News




					Choose News Category...
					


Portfolio News
New Venture Partners





Portfolio News



NVMdurance Assigned Patent on Adaptive Flash Tuning
NVMDurance Ltd., with its approach to extending the endurance of flash devices and enabling 3D NAND, has announced that patent number 9,569,120 developed by Joe Sullivan and Conor Ryan, both of Limerick, Ireland, has been granted in the USA for… [...]



NVMDurance Ltd., with its approach to extending the endurance of flash devices and enabling 3D NAND, has announced that patent number 9,569,120 developed by Joe Sullivan and Conor Ryan, both of Limerick, Ireland, has been granted in the USA for Adaptive Flash Tuning.
This patent covers company’s Pathfinder and Navigator software, which discover optimal flash trim sets for the target application and implement a set of optimization techniques that constantly monitor the NAND flash health and autonomically adjusts the operating parameters in real time.
View Article


Published on: Tuesday 28 March, 2017 



Who’s who in SDD?
by Zsolt Kerekes, editor - StorageSearch.com - May 23, 2016 On a handful of occasions in more than 20 years writing about the SSD market I've spoken to companies which I known instinctively would change the way that the whole… [...]



by Zsolt Kerekes, editor – StorageSearch.com – May 23, 2016
On a handful of occasions in more than 20 years writing about the SSD market I’ve spoken to companies which I known instinctively would change the way that the whole market thinks about itself. NVMdurance is one of those companies.
While we have seen many companies in the past 5 years telling us about the different ways in which their technologies can leverage the mysterious elasticity of flash endurance in an SSD controller context – most of those have leveraged combinations of techniques such as adaptive R/W pulse modication, DSP ECC, and big controller application or array awareness which become so closely tied to a particular product line or application space that the benefits derived from each element in the mix cannot be easily or quickly extracted and migrated to other applications.
View Article


Published on: Monday 23 May, 2016 



Novinda Corporation Names Michael Rosenberg New CEO
New CEO brings expertise in energy-related and cleantech industries. DENVER, CO (June 18, 2015): Novinda Corporation, a provider of non-carbon mercury emission control solutions, today announced that Michael J. Rosenberg has joined the company as CEO. Rosenberg has an exceptionally… [...]



New CEO brings expertise in energy-related and cleantech industries.
DENVER, CO (June 18, 2015): Novinda Corporation, a provider of non-carbon mercury emission control solutions, today announced that Michael J. Rosenberg has joined the company as CEO. Rosenberg has an exceptionally strong background in energy-related and cleantech industries, including work in bio technology, fuel cells and clean coal technology.
His 25-year career encompasses national and international experience with public and private companies in the alternative energy, environmental, chemical and oil/gas industries. His areas of expertise include business development, corporate strategy, finance, mergers and acquisitions, and capital markets.
View Article >


Published on: Thursday 18 June, 2015 



Everspin MRAM makes it to Koyo PLCs
Non-Volatile memory on the shop floor By: Charlie Demerjian, SemiAccurate Every time SemiAccurate talks about Everspin’s MRAM, a lot of people ask about what it can be found in. Today we can add another name to the list that is… [...]



Non-Volatile memory on the shop floor
By: Charlie Demerjian, SemiAccurate
Every time SemiAccurate talks about Everspin’s MRAM, a lot of people ask about what it can be found in. Today we can add another name to the list that is slightly out of our normal area of coverage, industrial programmable logic controllers (PLCs) from Koyo.
Read more


Published on: Thursday 18 June, 2015 



Everspin’s MRAM Enables Koyo Electronics Industries New Battery-Free Direct Logic PLC With Higher Density, Faster Speeds
Everspin Technologies, Inc., the world's leading developer and manufacturer of discrete and embedded MRAM, and Koyo Electronics Industries, a leading manufacturer of highly reliable factory automation systems and automotive parts, today announced that Everspin’s MRAM is now designed into Koyo… [...]



Everspin Technologies, Inc., the world’s leading developer and manufacturer of discrete and embedded MRAM, and Koyo Electronics Industries, a leading manufacturer of highly reliable factory automation systems and automotive parts, today announced that Everspin’s MRAM is now designed into Koyo Electronics Industries’ new Direct Logic 205 (DL205) Series Programmable Logic Controllers (PLCs).
View article


Published on: Wednesday 17 June, 2015 

LOAD MORE







New Venture Partners



NVPLLC’s Tom Uhlman joins Council as Senior Fellow
April 19, 2017 WASHINGTON - Thomas M. Uhlman, Founder and Managing Partner, New Venture Partners LLC, has joined the Council… [...]


April 19, 2017
WASHINGTON –
Thomas M. Uhlman, Founder and Managing Partner, New Venture Partners LLC, has joined the Council on Competitiveness as Senior Fellow.
“Tom’s deep knowledge of the tech sector and venture capital strategy will enhance our ability to assess the complex issues surrounding growth and productivity across all the areas we monitor,” said Deborah L. Wince-Smith, president and CEO, Council on Competitiveness.
Uhlman brings a wealth of knowledge and background with technology start-ups to the Council, whose mission of increasing productivity and growing the economy has emerged as a major issue in 2017. Uhlman is already familiar with that mission.
Read more





Monday Morning Rigor
NVPLLC's Marc Rappoport, CFO & Partner, participated in a roundtable discussion for PEI Magazine's April Issue article written by Nicholas Donato. Is… [...]


NVPLLC’s Marc Rappoport, CFO & Partner, participated in a roundtable discussion for PEI Magazine’s April Issue article written by Nicholas Donato.
Is the industry on the verge of providing investors with monthly reporting? It’s a scary question
for CFOs, who struggle enough as it is to deliver valuation statements on a semiannual or
even quarterly basis. But forces outside of GPs’ control may prompt institutional investors
to demand timelier, more rigorous reporting. Questions surround whether this is ultimately
good for the industry, and if so, how firms’ finance teams could possibly cope with a heavier
workload. To find out, pfm assembled a roundtable of private fund CFOs, auditors and
valuation specialists to assess the situation and discuss what other valuation best practices a
firm could utilize to save time and expense, and above all, to satisfy information-hungry LPs.
 
View Article >





Harvard Business Review Web Exclusive: Use Open Innovation to Cope in a Downturn
By Henry W. Chesbrough and Andrew R. Garman   [...]


By Henry W. Chesbrough and Andrew R. Garman
 





Stephen Socolof Named Chair of National Venture Capital Association’s Corporate Venture Group Advisory Board
New Venture Partners Managing Partner, Stephen Socolof has been named Chair of the National Venture Capital Association’s (NVCA) Corporate Venture Group (CVG)… [...]


New Venture Partners Managing Partner, Stephen Socolof has been named Chair of the National Venture Capital Association’s (NVCA) Corporate Venture Group (CVG) Advisory Board.
View Article >





PE Analyst: New Venture Partners Goes Where Other VC Firms Dare Not
Enter New Venture Partners. The firm, a specialist in corporate spinouts, spent months negotiating complicated agreements that would allow it… [...]


Enter New Venture Partners. The firm, a specialist in corporate spinouts, spent months negotiating complicated agreements that would allow it to pluck out 50 people, a manufacturing line and an intellectual property portfolio of more than 200 patents from Freescale. Ultimately, New Venture Partners put together a syndicate that invested $20 million in Series A financing, and the new start-up, EverSpin Technologies Inc., launched in June.
View Article >



LOAD MORE












Contact Us




Our Offices New Jersey
430 Mountain Avenue
Suite 404, 4th Floor
Murray Hill, NJ 07974
United States of America
+1 908 464 0900 tel
+1 908 464 8131 fax

 

 

 
 


If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.			




Fields marked with an * are required


Name * 






Email * 






Message * 






If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank. 				



















 

General Inquiries
Email info@nvpllc.com  or fill out the form just beside.
Media Inquiries
Email press@nvpllc.com or call +1-908-988-4841.
Careers
New Venture Partners is not seeking to expand its team at this point in time. Please visit our portfolio companies’ job listings for current opportunities. Our portfolio companies offer many opportunities for talented, motivated people seeking a challenge.














 
  
 				©2015 New Venture Partners LLC Developed by Analog Method
                
 Follow us on   
































 