

Elite Aerospace Group Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























elite aerospace group inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Aerospace & Defense
Sub-Industry: Aircraft & Parts
Elite Aerospace Group, Inc. designs and manufactures aerospace components. The Company focus on swiss-turned fastening, advanced milling, and engineering services, as well as supplies products to the aerospace, defense, and commercial aviation sectors. Elite Aerospace Group serves clients worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

15773 Gateway Circle
Tustin, CA 92780
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.eliteaerospacegroup.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




















































Elite Aerospace Group, Inc. | Free Listening on SoundCloud




































SoundCloud











JavaScript is disabled
You need to enable JavaScript to use SoundCloud

Show me how to enable it





Elite Aerospace Group, Inc.
Dustin Tillman
Irvine



Welcome to ELITE AEROSPACE GROUP, your premier aircraft component design, engineering and manufacturing company committed to providing cost competitive, quality manufacturing, and customer-centric solutions to its clients. Here at Elite we pride ourselves on our ability to become strategic extensions of our customers; truly embedded partners capable of the agile and diligent support required in this ever changing, always evolving, dynamic and exciting environment. Our goal is to offer full- service product solutions with unparalleled customer service and support; the Elite Difference.





    Your current browser isn't compatible with SoundCloud. 
    Please download one of our supported browsers. Need help?


Chrome | Firefox | Safari | Internet Explorer



Sorry! Something went wrong

Is your network connection unstable or browser outdated?


I need help





Popular searches






















 





Elite Aerospace Group

























































 (949) 783-7067
 Investor Login
 












Engineering Services




Divisions

Engineering Services















Elite Engineering Services is not only a solutions provider but, more importantly, a solutions creator.















Our Solutions

















PLM

Elite Engineering Services, implements, and configures the appropriate systems and tools to adequately support your processes:
                                      

                                              PLM/PDM system administration
                                          

                                              Workflow design
                                          

                                              CAD automation
                                          

                                              BOM-driven tools
                                          













Engineering Design

Elite Engineering Services provides dedicated support of advanced design, aiming to lower your manufacturing cost, lead times, and balancing scheduling and demand, so that you can bring new or improved products to the market more quickly.   











Process Analysis

Elite Engineering Services performs in-depth capture and assessment of your existing operational business and engineering processes, and identifies potential solutions to achieve your efficiency goals and improve your daily operations. 











CNC Programming

Elite Engineering Services extends your manufacturing staff by providing complete work packages consisting of program designs, easy-to-understand setup sheets, and inspection plans for parts manufacturing. 











CAD Methodology

Elite Engineering Services draws upon its seasoned experience to design and document best CAD practices for creating and handling data for the downstream within your operational processes:
                                      

                                              2D & 3D
                                          

                                              BOMs
                                          

                                              Large Assembly Management 
                                          

                                              Digital Production Definition (DPD) & Model-Based Definition (MPD) for engineering, supply chain, and quality 
                                          












Solution Architecture

Elite Engineering Services quickly performs the investigation, provides full assessment, and formulates the project plan or road map for your specific path to improvement. 











                                   
                              



PLM






Engineering Design






Process Analysis






CNC Programming






CAD Methodology






Solution Architecture












                              Behind The Service
                              Our Team










Lee Smith
President











































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Elite Aerospace Group


























































 (949) 783-7067
 Investor Login
 












Aviation Products




Divisions

Aviation Products















Elite Aviation Products focuses on customer-centric product solutions, supply-availability, and a commitment to total customer satisfaction. We look forward to becoming strategic extensions of your business!







































                          About Us
                          


Welcome to ELITE AVIATION PRODUCTS, your premier aircraft component design, engineering and manufacturing company committed to providing cost competitive, quality manufacturing, and customer-centric solutions to its clients. Here at Elite we pride ourselves on our ability to become strategic extensions of our customers; truly embedded partners capable of the agile and diligent support required in this ever changing, always evolving, dynamic and exciting environment. Our goal is to offer full- service product solutions with unparalleled customer service and support; the Elite Difference. 







                                          Capabilities
                                      



                                          Elite Aviation Products is pleased to showcase it’s superb fleet of 5 Axis CNC and Swiss Turning machines to its customers. Reinforcing Elite’s commitment to technological and innovative prowess, Elite prides itself on its embedded partnerships with industry leading machine producers to ensure it’s at the forefront of the latest advances in the dynamic world of manufacturing technology.
                                      





                                          Quality
                                      



                                          As evident in our AS9100 Rev C and ISO9001 certification, Elite Aviation Products is committed to maintaining the highest level of quality standards in the marketplace. Our Quality Management System is structured around:
                                          

                                                  Visual flow charts for all processes
                                              

                                                  Lean architecture for efficient usage
                                              

                                                  Step-by-step logic ensuring cultural absorption
                                              

                                                  Hyperlinked forms/processes for easy navigation
                                              

                                                  KPI gates and reporting for all processes
                                              

                                                  Continuous process improvement
                                              

                                                  Daily Layered Accountability
                                              











Our Capabilities


show all
Advanced Milling
Swiss-Turned Fastening
Wire EDM
Mill-Turning
Quality Management












DMG Mori Seiki NVX 5080 with tool presetter
A vertical machining center designed for heavy cutting. The NVX 5080 boasts 13,000 RPM and 30 tool storage capacity as well as increased accuracy through advanced coolant distribution. This milling machine also has greater efficiency due to a drastic reduction in power consumption.















Tsugami B0206 with bar feeder
The 6-axis B0206-II is a convertible Swiss turn machine that comes with Y2 capabilities for added flexibility. It offers 25 tool positions, simultaneous back milling and machine operations, and reduced cycle times. 
















Sodick VZ500L
The VZ500L Wire EDM features Sodick’s linear motor Technology, which provides no backlash and are vibration-free, this results in machining accuracy combined with a fine surface finish. The medium sized VZ500L is specially designed for versatile machining.















DMG Mori Seki Dual Vertical 5100 with 4th axis
The DuraVertical 5100 is a highly accurate, reliable, and powerful vertical machining center with the largest table in its class. With 12,000 RPM and a wide cutting platform, this tool is ideal for low depth cuts. This results in faster cutting times, higher control, and longer tool life.
















DMU 50
A modern, efficient, and technological powerhouse, the DMU 50 offers all the classic features of a top shelf 5 axis CNC machine, while possessing certain feature refining characteristics such as a performance enhancing NC swivel rotary table, high rigidity, large bearing diameter in the B and C-axis, and a load weight of 661.4 lbs. With a fixed table clamping service of 27.6 X 19.7 inches, and a speed range of up to 18,000 rpms, the DMU 50 is sure to exceed the expectations of any requirement within its impressive capabilities. 
















Tsugami B0326 with bar feeder
The 6-axis B0326-II is a 32 mm opposed gang tool lathe with live face and cross tool positions in a modular zone as well as an 8,000 RPM main spindle. Designed for quick changeovers, this machine is ideal for short, complex parts that require flexible machining. 
















DMG NLX
DMG NLX
















7.10.7 SF Hexagon (CMM)


PC-Dmis 
Edge Finders
Deltronic gage pins
Screw thread pitch micrometers
Optical comparator with 10X, 20X, 50X zoom capabilities















                              Behind The Service
                              Our Team










Dustin Tillman
President, CEO








Zeeshawn Zia
COO










































Elite Aerospace Group, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:45 AM ET
Aerospace and Defense

Company Overview of Elite Aerospace Group, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Elite Aerospace Group, Inc. is an aircraft component design, engineering, and manufacturing company. The company offers mechanical hardware and advanced milling solutions. It serves original equipment manufacturers and first tier manufacturers. The company markets its products through distributors. Elite Aerospace Group, Inc. was incorporated in 2016 and is based in Irvine, California.


1641-1645 ReynoldsIrvine, CA 92614United StatesFounded in 2016



Phone: 949-536-7199

Fax: 949-272-3780

eliteaerospacegroup.com







Key Executives for Elite Aerospace Group, Inc.




Mr. Dustin Tillman


      	Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      








Mr. Zeeshawn Zia


      	Chief Operating Officer and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 4M Research, Inc. United States A E Wolffe Limited United States A&G Machine, Inc. United States A-1 Machining Co. Inc. United States a.i. solutions, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      June 6, 2017
			    
Halo Industries, Inc.



Private Placement

			      October 3, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Elite Aerospace Group, Inc., please visit eliteaerospacegroup.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	Elite Aviation Products



































Skip to Content 











                                            Press
                                        









COMPANY NEWS









Elite Aviation Products Triples Production Capacity with 2nd Facility Acquisition


Elite Aviation Products (EAP) is proud to announce the acquisition of its second manufacturing facility located in Tustin, CA! At over 34,000 sq. ft., this acquisition effectively triples Elite Aviation Products’ manufacturing capacity.
READ MORE   >









Elite Attends Living Legends of Aviation


On Friday January 16, 2015, Dustin Tillman (CEO) and Zeeshawn Zia (COO) had the pleasure and privilege of attending “Living Legends of Aviation”. The "Living Legends of Aviation" are remarkable people of extraordinary accomplishment in aviation 
READ MORE   >









Elite Aviation Products Poised to Capitalize on Positive Trends in U.S. Aerospace Market


The United States is clearly rebounding as the global hot spot for aerospace investment. Possessing nearly half of the $530 Billion worldwide industry and more than $25 Billion in investments between 2012 and 2013, all signs are pointing up for the young and voraciously growing Elite Aviation Products.
READ MORE   >









Elite Aviation Products Achieves ISO9001 and AS9100 Certifications, Industry Gold Standard


Elite Aviation Products is proud to announce it is officially an ISO9001 and AS9100 rev. C certified company.
READ MORE   >









ELITE AVIATION PRODUCTS ACQUIRES 17,000 SQ. FT. MANUFACTURING FACILITY IN IRVINE, CA.


Elite Aviation Products (EAP) announces the acquisition of a 17,000 sq. ft. design, engineering, and manufacturing facility in the heart of Irvine, California.
READ MORE   >










Elite Aviation Products Announces Partnership with DMG Mori Ellison Technologies


Elite Aviation Products (EAP), a rapidly growing and cutting-edge aerospace manufacturing firm based in Irvine, California is proud to announce their official partnership 
READ MORE   >









Paris Airshow Embodies Need for a New Brand of Aerospace Supplier


Elite Aviation Products’ executive management team recently had the pleasure of attending the world renowned International Paris Airshow.
READ MORE   >









EAP Garners Invaluable Relationships at Farnborough


Elite Aviation Products’ executive management team recently had the pleasure of building their network of potential business partners while attending the Farnborough 
READ MORE   >









John Ratzenberger Becomes Official Ambassador of Elite Aviation Products


Elite Aviation Products is proud to share that television, film, and manufacturing aficionado John Ratzenberger is now the official ambassador our company!
READ MORE   >









Elite Aviation Products Featured on Fox Business Network, Rapidly Changing the Face of Aviation


On Saturday, July 18th, 2015, Elite Aviation Products was featured on the Fox Business Network in a brief segment on the booming aerospace market.
READ MORE   >









Elite Aviation ProductsMakes its International Debut at the Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg


Where others have fallen short, Elite is positioned for success, seeking to be the new brand of global supplier by expanding their capacity and acquiring 
READ MORE   >










Elite Aviation Products Bids on Contract Worth Upwards of $100 Million


The fruits of the surging aerospace sector continue to materialize for Elite Aviation Products (EAP) as they bid on a contract with the potential to be worth over $100 million over the next several years.
READ MORE   >









Elite Aviation Products to Host Aerospace & Defense Symposium at Irvine Headquarters


Elite Aviation Products (EAP) is pleased to announce they will be hosting an aerospace & defense symposium at their flagship facility and corporate headquarters on December 17, 2014. This event will draw from their affiliations within the aerospace & defense industry, and welcome 
READ MORE   >














INDUSTRY NEWS




Warren Buffett Cuts Berkshire Hathaway's Biggest Ever Deal

                                                            Berkshire Hathaway - Warren Buffett has loaded up and fired his so-called ‘elephant gun’ for a mega-sized corporate takeover.
                                                        
READ MORE   >


GE Aviation to Build Unique Materials Factories

                                                            GE Aviation is creating adjacent factories in Huntsville, Alabama, to mass-produce silicon carbide (SiC) materials used to manufacture ceramic matrix composite components (CMCs) for jet engines and land-based gas turbines.
                                                        
READ MORE   >


Aerospace & Defense Outlook

                                                            2014 was a year of strong Merger & Acquisition activity with the number of Aerospace & Defense transactions increasing 11%, on the back of a 38% surge in component manufacturing transactions due to the strength of com-mercial aerospace.
                                                        
READ MORE   >


Honeywell Boosts Aerospace Portfolio With Acquisition Of Aviaso

                                                            ROLLE, Switzerland, Sept. 17, 2015 -- Honeywell (NYSE: HON) has acquired privately held Aviaso, an international aviation software company that offers fuel efficiency and emissions savings software to the airline industry. Terms of the deal are not being disclosed.
                                                        
READ MORE   >


Aerospace supplier UTAS ready for acquisitions

                                                            Three years after its founding merger, UTC Aerospace Systems (UTAS) is ready to turn its attention to acquisitions and is assessing potential targets, its president said on Sunday.
                                                        
READ MORE   >


2015 Global aerospace and defense industry outlook

                                                            The overall global aerospace and defense (A&D) industry is expected to grow in the 3.0 percent range in 2015. This would be similar to the growth likely in 2014, all of it and more due to the rising fortunes of the commercial aerospace sector.
                                                        
READ MORE   >


$60B Air Force Contract Could Create 6,500 Jobs In Palmdale

                                                            The Southern California economy just got a noticeable boost after the United States military announced Tuesday it awarded Northrop Grumman a $60 billion contract to produce as many as 100 long-range stealth bombers over the next decade.
                                                        
READ MORE   >


Lockheed Martin Stock is a Strong Buy

                                                            Lockheed Martin Corp., the world's biggest defense contractor, is improving its standing in the eyes of investors, even after what some analysts called a less-than-stellar quarterly earnings report.
                                                        
READ MORE   >

















                                        ELITE AVIATION PRODUCTS is your premier aircraft component

                                        design, engineering and manufacturing company committed to providing cost 

                                        competitive, quality manufacturing, and customer-centric solutions to its clients. Our goal is to offer full-
                                        service product solutions with unparalleled customer service and support; the Elite 

                                        Difference.
                                        
                                    





Newsletter


                                        Irvine, California January 29, 2015 – On Friday January 16, 2015, Dustin Tillman (CEO) and Zeeshawn Zia (COO) had the pleasure and privilege of attending “Living Legends of Aviation”.
                                        The "Living Legends of Aviation" are remarkable people of extraordinary accomplishment in aviation including: entrepreneurs, innovators, industry leaders , astronauts , pilots who have become celebrities and
                                        celebrities who have become pilots. READ MORE   >





Key Events




April 14-16, 2015, Hamburg, Germany - Aircraft Interiors Expo


June 10-12, 2015, Shanghai, China - Aviation Interiors, Design & MRO Exhibition


June 15-21, 2015, Paris, France - International Paris Air Show


Nov 08-12, 2015, Dubai, United Arab Emirates - Dubai Airshow







CONTACT US


                                    Headquarters/Facility #1 : 1641-1645 Reynolds, Irvine, CA 92614‎
                                    Facility #2 : 15773 Gateway Circle, Tustin, CA 92780‎
                                    Main Line : (949) 536-7199‎
                                    Investor Relations : (949) 783-7067‎
                                    Fax : (949) 272-3780‎
                                    Email : info@eliteaviationproducts.com
                                




























 Articles 
                -
                 News 


















About Us | Elite Aerospace
















































 

























 1-954-430-3005
 sales@eliteaerospace.com





























About Us








About Us












About Us



History
Elite Aerospace, Inc was established in 1999 as an aerospace repair station. Headquartered in Miramar FL, USA, in an approximately 35,000 square foot facility, we specialize in the repair and overhaul of aircraft components. With over 16 years of experience and a global customer base, Elite Aerospace is recognized around the world as a leader in the aviation industry, providing the industry’s best practices while maintaining a high standard of quality and customer satisfaction.





Mission Statement

We commit to provide our customers with products and services that meet or exceed their needs and expectations for performance, reliability, and safety, at a competitive price.




Certifications

FAA CRS# E0TR292I                – 
EASA Approval #145.5199  – 
CAAC# F00100350 – 
CAAC MRO 2016 MOC – 
ANAC (Brazil)   – 
ISO9001:2008 – 
ISO9001:2008 – 
AS9110B – 

























Contact Us | Elite Aerospace
















































 

























 1-954-430-3005
 sales@eliteaerospace.com





























Contact Us








Contact Us












Contact Us




Executive Leadership

 Luis O. Quevedo
President
 lq@eliteaerospace.com

 David L. Vick
Executive Vice President
 dvick@eliteaerospace.com

 Valerie M. Henry
Controller
 vhenry@eliteaerospace.com

 Philip Nardini
Vice President, Sales & Marketing
 pnardini@eliteaerospace.com

 Nico Pelleya
General Counsel
 np@eliteaerospace.com



 Philip Nardini
Vice President, Sales & Marketing
 pnardini@eliteaerospace.com

 Nico Pelleya
General Counsel
 np@eliteaerospace.com







MRO Department

 David Whetstone
Director, Business Development
 dwhetstone@eliteaerospace.com

 Jordi Debertomeu
Business Development
 jd@eliteaerospace.com

 AJ Ferron
Director, Military Business Dev.
 aferron@eliteaerospace.com






Quality Department
 Helio Rodriguez
Director of Quality
  hrodriguez@eliteaerospace.com




Service Department

 Luke Slager
Production Manager
 lslager@eliteaerospace.com

 Dorothy Rodriguez
Customer Service Manager
 drodriguez@eliteaerospace.com

 Ed Carlo
Customer Service Representative
 ecarlo@eliteaerospace.com






Sales Department

 Marty Diamond
Sales Manager
 mdiamond@eliteaerospace.com






Purchasing Department
 Jack Willey
Director of Purchasing
 jwilley@eliteaerospace.com




Accounting Department

 Ana Roncallo
Accounts Payable
 aroncallo@eliteaerospace.com

 Norman Salzberg
Accounts Receivable
 nsalzberg@eliteaerospace.com






Continuous Improvement
 Jessica De Leon
EFLO Chairperson
 jdeleon@eliteaerospace.com




Contracts
 Nico Pelleya
Contracts Manager
 np@eliteaerospace.com























About Us | Elite Aerospace
















































 

























 1-954-430-3005
 sales@eliteaerospace.com





























About Us








About Us












About Us



History
Elite Aerospace, Inc was established in 1999 as an aerospace repair station. Headquartered in Miramar FL, USA, in an approximately 35,000 square foot facility, we specialize in the repair and overhaul of aircraft components. With over 16 years of experience and a global customer base, Elite Aerospace is recognized around the world as a leader in the aviation industry, providing the industry’s best practices while maintaining a high standard of quality and customer satisfaction.





Mission Statement

We commit to provide our customers with products and services that meet or exceed their needs and expectations for performance, reliability, and safety, at a competitive price.




Certifications

FAA CRS# E0TR292I                – 
EASA Approval #145.5199  – 
CAAC# F00100350 – 
CAAC MRO 2016 MOC – 
ANAC (Brazil)   – 
ISO9001:2008 – 
ISO9001:2008 – 
AS9110B – 

























Commercial | Elite Aerospace
















































 

























 1-954-430-3005
 sales@eliteaerospace.com





























Commercial








Commercial












Commercial




Available Services
Overhaul, Repair, Test, New Core Replacement, Research & Development for the following components:

HEAT TRANSFER – Heat Exchangers, Oil Coolers, Fuel Cooled Oil Coolers, Precoolers, Plenums, Water separators
PNEUMATICS – Air Cycle Machines, HP Control Valves, Safety Valves, Starters, Regulator Valves, Shut off Valves
HYDRAULICS – Engine-driven Pumps, Actuators, Electric-driven Pumps, Valves, Solenoid Valves, Pressure Control
MECHANICAL/ELECTRO-MECHANICAL – Rotary Actuators, Linear Actuators, Variable Stator Vane Actuators, Fans & Motors, Gearboxes, Jack Screws, Ball Screws, Check Valves
AVIONICS/ INSTRUMENTS – Cockpit Voice Recorders, DME Interrogators, DME Transceivers, Flight Director Indicators, Analog & Digital Indicators, Control Panels, Receivers, Transceivers, Sensors, Accessory Boxes






Aircraft Types
Engine Manufacturer




Airbus
Pratt & Whitney


Boeing
CFM


Embraer
International Aero Engines (IAE)


Fokker
Rolls Royce


ATR
 General Electric (GE)


Bombardier



McDonnell Douglas







Request For Quote



×













































				





















Contact
Philip Nardini
Vice President, Sales & Marketing
pnardini@eliteaerospace.com
David Whetstone
Director, Business Development
dwhetstone@eliteaerospace.com
Jordi Debertomeu
Business Development
jd@eliteaerospace.com






















Customer Survey | Elite Aerospace
















































 

























 1-954-430-3005
 sales@eliteaerospace.com





























Customer Survey








Customer Survey












Customer Survey






Hello!














Company:







First Name:







Last Name:







E-Mail:





How did you hear about us?

 Sales Rep Website Referral Conference Website
Are you an

 Airline OEM MRO Broker Engine Center Military
Which service does Elite Aerospace provide to your company?

 Sales Overhaul/Repair
Please rate the following on a scale of 0-7 with 7 being “Very satisfied” and 0 “Very dissatisfied”
Quality of product or services:

 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

Delivery of product or services:

 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

Customer support:

 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

Cost Competitiveness:

 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

Overall satisfaction:

 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

Comment Box:













				





Thank you for your feedback!
































Elite Aerospace














































 

























 1-954-430-3005
 sales@eliteaerospace.com










































YOUR MRO SOLUTION
since 1999










Home






About Us

Learn more about our history and facility




MRO Services

Heat Transfer, Pneumatics, Hydraulics, Mechanical/Electro-Mechanical, Avionics




EFLO

Learn more about our lean operating system

























Military | Elite Aerospace
















































 

























 1-954-430-3005
 sales@eliteaerospace.com





























Military








Military












Military




Offering Component services for:

Heat transfer – Heat exchangers, oil coolers, fans
Pneumatic– Starters, air cooling turbines, valves
Mechanical – Gearboxes, jackscrews
Electro mechanical – actuators, linear actuators






Aircraft Types
Engines




Fighter
F-5
F-15
F-16
T-38
A-10
F117


ISRC
E-3
E-6
E-8
P-3

F100


Bomber
B-1
B-52






Transport
C-130
C-5
C-17





Tanker
KC-135
KC-10






Rotary
UH-60
CH-43
CH-53













We understand the unique support needs of the military customer. Our leading edge testing technology ensures the very finest overhauls with timely delivery and communication throughout the process to keep our customers informed on their critical need parts to serve our global military customers.





Request For Quote



×













































				























Contact

AJ Ferron
Director, Military Business Dev.
aferron@eliteaerospace.com























MRO Services | Elite Aerospace
















































 

























 1-954-430-3005
 sales@eliteaerospace.com


























































MRO Services












MRO Services




Your MRO Solution
Elite Aerospace’s Service Department is equipped with the latest tooling and test equipment available in the market today, as well as a highly qualified and experienced technical staff to provide our customers with high quality product and exceptional service. We are recognized worldwide due to the outstanding MRO service solutions we provide to our valued customers.








Commercial






Military























