

10-K: ELIZABETH ARDEN INC - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,803
+6.04
+0.03%






Nasdaq

6,370
-11.72
-0.18%






S&P 500

2,471
-4.92
-0.20%









12:01 P.M. ET


Updated
      Health-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
                                





 
12:00 P.M. ET


Updated
      These companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
                                





 
12:00 P.M. ET


                                  Stock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses
                                





 
11:59 A.M. ET


                                  Wells Fargo will pay $80 million to overcharged auto loan consumers 
                                





 
11:56 A.M. ET


Updated
      Gold aims for third-weekly gain as dollar holds loss after GDP report
                                





 
11:56 A.M. ET


Updated
      Charting a bull-trend whipsaw, Nasdaq’s key reversal fuels sector rotation (again)
                                





 
11:51 A.M. ET


Updated
      A global investment strategist offers up a summer reading list to make you a better investor
                                





 
11:50 A.M. ET


Updated
      This fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
                                





 
11:50 A.M. ET


                                  Wells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
                                





 
11:49 A.M. ET


Updated
      Here’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
                                





 
11:48 A.M. ET


Updated
      What the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
                                





 
11:47 A.M. ET


Updated
      You’ll save money on gas with the Tesla Model 3, but you may end up paying more elsewhere
                                





 
11:47 A.M. ET


Updated
      Surprise: Those ‘great’ companies generally turn out to be meh ... or duds
                                





 
11:47 A.M. ET


Updated
      This quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
                                





 
11:45 A.M. ET


Updated
      Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
                                





 
11:45 A.M. ET


Updated
      This basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
                                





 
11:41 A.M. ET


                                  Aug. gold climbs by $8.70, or 0.7%, to $1,268.70/oz
                                





 
11:41 A.M. ET


                                  Gold prices trade near session highs after reports of missile test in North Korea
                                





 
11:40 A.M. ET


                                  Weekend roundup: Amazon’s spending | Surviving Amazon |  Caterpillar’s comeback
                                





 
11:37 A.M. ET


                                  Tesla’s Model 3 will be launched with panache--and a party--later Friday
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-K: ELIZABETH ARDEN INC
    








    By

Published: Aug 15, 2016 9:24 a.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes which appear elsewhere in this document.  Overview We are a global prestige beauty products company with an extensive portfolio of prestige fragrance, skin care and cosmetics brands. Our extensive product portfolio includes the following: Elizabeth Arden Brand * The Elizabeth Arden skin care brands: Visible Difference, Ceramide, Prevage, and Eight Hour Cream, Superstart and Elizabeth Arden Pro * Elizabeth Arden branded lipstick, foundation and other color cosmetics products * Elizabeth Arden fragrances: Red Door, Elizabeth Arden 5th Avenue, Elizabeth Arden Green Tea and UNTOLD Designer Fragrances Juicy Couture, John Varvatos, and Wildfox Couture Heritage Fragrances Curve, Elizabeth Taylor, Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Halston, Ed Hardy, Geoffrey Beene, Alfred Sung, Giorgio Beverly Hills, Lucky, PS Fine Cologne, White Shoulders, BCBGMAXAZRIA, Rocawear and Jennifer Aniston Celebrity Fragrances The fragrance brands of Nicki Minaj, Mariah Carey and Taylor Swift  In addition to our owned and licensed fragrance brands, we distribute approximately 260 additional prestige fragrance brands, primarily in the United States, through distribution agreements and other purchasing arrangements.  Our business strategy remains focused on two important initiatives - driving the growth of the Elizabeth Arden brand, particularly in North America and in our key international markets, and growing our fragrance portfolio with a focus on key global and regional brands. The success of these two initiatives is predicated on our ability to (i) improve our go-to-market capability and execution by enhancing our distribution quality, (ii) grow margins by simplifying and streamlining our organization to optimize costs and reduce complexity, and (iii) attract, retain and develop strong employee talent. For fiscal 2017, we will continue to focus on these initiatives and target our resources and efforts on those markets, channels and brands that we believe afford us the best opportunity for profitable growth.  In fiscal 2017, we expect to launch a high level of new product innovation for the Elizabeth Arden brand with the launch of several new products across the Elizabeth Arden skin care, color and fragrance categories and also we plan to launch several new fragrances for certain brands under our existing licenses.  As discussed further below, we also continue to focus on simplifying our organization, processes and overhead structure to reduce complexity and identify cost savings opportunities that can improve the performance of our business.  Pending Revlon Merger  On June 16, 2016, we announced that we entered into an agreement and plan of merger (which we refer to as the "Merger Agreement") with Revlon, Inc., Revlon Consumer Products Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Revlon (which we refer to as "RCPC", and together with Revlon, Inc., "Revlon") and RR Transaction Corp., a Florida corporation and a wholly owned direct subsidiary of RCPC (which we refer to as the "Revlon Sub"). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions as described below, the Revlon Sub will merge with and into us. As a result of the Revlon Merger, the Revlon Sub will cease to exist and we will survive as a wholly-owned subsidiary of RCPC. We refer to this pending transaction as the "Revlon Merger."  Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Revlon will acquire all of the outstanding shares of our common stock for $14.00 per share in cash (which we refer to as the "Merger Consideration"). At the closing of the Revlon Merger and pursuant to a Preferred Stock Repurchase and Warrant Cancellation Agreement among us, Revlon, the Revlon Sub, Nightingale Onshore Holdings, L.P. and Nightingale Offshore Holdings, L.P., Revlon will also provide funding for the redemption of our Series A Serial Preferred Stock (our "preferred stock") for $55 million plus accrued and unpaid dividends, and all outstanding warrants for the purchase of our common stock will be canceled. In addition, Revlon has indicated that it intends to repay and retire substantially all of our outstanding debt on or after the closing of the Revlon Merger. See Notes 9, 10 and 13 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  [[Image Removed: LOGO]]  - 33 -  Table of Contents  The consummation of the Revlon Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of specified closing conditions, including (i) the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement by the holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock and preferred stock entitled to vote thereon (voting together and voting as separate classes), (ii) the receipt of certain foreign antitrust approvals and the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, (iii) the absence of a material adverse effect with respect to us, (iv) the absence of a court or regulatory authority order prohibiting the closing of the Revlon Merger, and (v) other customary closing conditions, including (x) the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the other party (subject to certain specified standards) and (y) the performance in all material respects by the other party of its obligations under the Merger Agreement. We currently expect the Revlon Merger to be completed by the end of 2016. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we recorded approximately $2.0 million in selling, general and administrative expenses for costs incurred related to the pending Revlon Merger. See Note 3 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  2014 Performance Improvement Plan and 2016 Business Transformation Program  During fiscal 2014, we began a comprehensive review of our entire business model and cost structure to identify initiatives to reduce the size and complexity of our overhead structure and to exit low-return businesses, customers and brands, in order to improve gross margins and profitability in the long term. As a result of this review, we implemented several restructuring and cost savings initiatives at the end of fiscal 2014 and during fiscal 2015 that we refer to as the "2014 Performance Improvement Plan."  During fiscal 2014 and 2015, we incurred a total of approximately $150.5 million of pre-tax charges under the 2014 Performance Improvement Plan. All charges associated with the 2014 Performance Improvement Plan had been recorded as of June 30, 2015.  As we continued to look for ways of improving our business and financial performance, and achieving our targeted goal of $40 to $50 million in annualized savings, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we identified certain additional restructuring and cost savings initiatives that we implemented during fiscal 2016, with some remaining pre-tax charges to be incurred in fiscal 2017. We collectively refer to these initiatives as our "2016 Business Transformation Program." The 2016 Business Transformation Program was intended to further align our organizational structure and distribution arrangements with the current needs and demands of our business in order to improve our go-to-market capability and execution and to streamline our organization. We expect to incur approximately $25 million to $26 million in pre-tax charges under the 2016 Business Transformation Program, of which an estimated $20 million to $22 million is expected to be comprised of cash expenditures. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, we incurred approximately $21.9 million, of pre-tax charges under the 2016 Business Transformation Program, and since inception we have incurred approximately $24.3 million of pre-tax charges. For further discussion see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Note 4 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  We currently expect that the actions and initiatives identified and executed under the 2014 Performance Improvement Plan and the 2016 Business Transformation Program will result in approximately $51 million of annualized savings, exceeding the top end of our originally targeted range of annualized savings. If the Revlon Merger is not completed, we may pursue additional cost savings initiatives to further improve our business and financial performance. These efforts may result in additional decisions that may impact net sales, operating margins and/or earnings in future periods. The specific facts and circumstances surrounding any such future decisions will impact the timing and amount of any costs or expenses that may be incurred.  Investment by Rh�ne Capital L.L.C. Affiliates  On August 19, 2014, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with Nightingale Onshore Holdings L.P. and Nightingale Offshore Holdings L.P. (which we call the "Purchasers"), investment funds affiliated with Rh�ne Capital L.L.C. Pursuant to the securities purchase agreement, for aggregate cash consideration of $50 million, we issued to the Purchasers an aggregate of 50,000 shares of our newly designated Series A Serial Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, with detachable warrants to purchase up to 2,452,267 shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of $20.39 per share. See "Pending Revlon Merger."  Investments and Acquisitions  During fiscal 2013, 2014 and 2015, we have invested an aggregate of $13.7 million for a minority investment in Elizabeth Arden Salon-Holdings, Inc., an unrelated party whose subsidiaries operate the Elizabeth Arden Red Door Spas and the Mario Tricoci Hair Salons. The investment in Elizabeth Arden Salon-Holdings, Inc., which is in the form of a collateralized convertible note bearing interest at 2%, has been accounted for using the cost method and at June 30, 2016, is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. See Note 12 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  [[Image Removed: LOGO]]  - 34 -  Table of Contents  We have an investment through a subsidiary in US Cosmeceutechs, LLC, a skin-care company that develops and sells skin care products into the professional dermatology and spa channels. Based on our investment in US Cosmeceutechs, LLC and our subsidiary's controlling rights under the operating agreement, we have determined that US Cosmeceutechs, LLC is a variable interest entity, or VIE, of which we are the primary beneficiary, requiring our consolidation of US Cosmeceutechs, LLC financial statements in accordance with Topic 810, Consolidation. In addition, based on the terms of a put-call agreement with the other equity member of US Cosmeceutechs, LLC, we are required to classify the noncontrolling interest in USC as a "redeemable noncontrolling interest" in the mezzanine section of our consolidated balance sheet. See Note 12 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  During fiscal 2015, through a subsidiary, we entered into a joint venture in the United Arab Emirates (the "UAE joint venture") with an unrelated third party for the sale, promotion and distribution of our fragrance, skincare and cosmetics products primarily in Middle Eastern countries. Effective September 1, 2015, we entered into a similar joint venture for the Southeast Asia region and, effective January 1, 2016 in Hong Kong (the "Southeast Asia joint venture") with an unrelated third party for the sale, promotion and distribution of certain of our fragrance, skincare and cosmetics products in Southeast Asia. See Note 12 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  Based on our equity interests and controlling rights in the joint ventures, we have determined that the UAE joint venture and the Southeast Asia joint venture are each VIEs, requiring consolidation of such joint ventures' financial statements in accordance with Topic 810, Consolidation. The respective unrelated third party's interest in each joint venture is classified as a "noncontrolling interest" in the shareholders' equity section of our consolidated balance sheet.  During fiscal 2016, we acquired the U.S. and international trademarks for the Giorgio of Beverly Hills fragrance brands from The Procter & Gamble Company and certain of its affiliates for $10.5 million. Prior to the acquisition of the trademarks, we manufactured and sold the Giorgio Beverly Hills fragrances under a license agreement with The Procter & Gamble Company and certain of its affiliates.  In July 2016, we acquired the global license and certain assets related to the Christina Aguilera fragrance business from Procter & Gamble International Operations SA for approximately $16 million.  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses reported in those consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience and other factors that we believe are most likely to occur. Changes in facts and circumstances may result in revised estimates, which are recorded in the period in which they become known. Actual results could differ from those estimates. If these changes result in a material impact to the consolidated financial statements, their impact is disclosed in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and/or in the "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements." The disclosures below also note situations in which it is reasonably likely that future financial results could be affected by changes in these estimates and assumptions. The term "reasonably likely" refers to an occurrence that is more than remote but less than probable in the judgment of management.  Our most critical accounting policies and estimates are described in detail below. See Note 1 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - "General Information and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," for a discussion of these and other accounting policies.  Accounting for Acquisitions and Intangible Assets. Under the accounting for business combinations, consideration paid in an acquisition is allocated to the underlying assets and liabilities, based on their respective estimated fair values. The excess of the consideration paid at the acquisition date over the fair values of the identifiable assets acquired or liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill.  The judgments made in determining the estimated fair value and expected useful lives assigned to each class of assets and liabilities acquired can significantly affect net income. For example, different classes of assets will have useful lives that differ, and the useful life of property, plant, and equipment acquired will differ substantially from the useful life of brand licenses and trademarks. Consequently, to the extent a longer-lived asset is ascribed greater value under the purchase method than a shorter-lived asset, net income in a given period may be higher.  Determining the fair value of certain assets and liabilities acquired is judgmental in nature and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. One area that requires more judgment is determining the fair value and useful lives of intangible assets. Because the fair value and the estimated useful life of an intangible asset is a subjective estimate, it is reasonably likely that circumstances may cause the estimate to change. For example, if we discontinue or experience a decline in the profitability of one or more of our brands, the value of the intangible assets associated with those brands or their useful lives may decline, or, certain intangible assets such as the Elizabeth Arden brand trademarks, may no longer be classified as an indefinite-lived asset, which could result in additional charges to net income.  [[Image Removed: LOGO]]  - 35 -  Table of Contents  We follow the guidance in Topic 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other, which simplifies how an entity assesses goodwill for impairment and allows an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment assessment. An entity is not required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the entity determines, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. Should a goodwill impairment assessment be necessary, there is a two step process for assessing impairment of goodwill. The first step used to identify potential impairment compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. The second step, if necessary, measures the amount of the impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of the goodwill and intangible assets to their respective carrying values. If an impairment is identified, the carrying value of the asset is adjusted to estimated fair value. See Note 1 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  We also follow the guidance in Topic 350 for testing impairment of indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill. Examples of intangible assets subject to the guidance include indefinite-lived trademarks, licenses, and distribution rights. Companies are given the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test. A company electing to perform a qualitative assessment is not required to calculate the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset unless the company determines, based on such qualitative assessment, that it is "more likely than not" that the asset is impaired.  Our intangible assets consist of exclusive brand licenses, trademarks, patents and other intellectual property, customer relationships and lists, non-compete agreements and goodwill. The value of these assets is exposed to future adverse changes if we experience declines in operating results or experience significant negative industry or economic trends. We have determined that the Elizabeth Arden trademarks have indefinite useful lives as cash flows from the use of the trademarks are expected to be generated indefinitely. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives such as our Elizabeth Arden trademarks, are not amortized, but rather assessed for impairment at least annually. We typically perform our annual impairment assessment during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may not fully be recoverable.  During the quarter ended June 30, 2016, we completed our annual impairment assessment of the Elizabeth Arden trademarks, with the assistance of a third party valuation firm. In assessing the fair value of these trademarks, we considered the income approach. Under the income approach, the fair value is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. The analysis and assessments of these assets and goodwill indicated that no impairment adjustment was required as the estimated fair value exceeded the recorded carrying value. A hypothetical 10% decrease to the fair value of our Elizabeth Arden trademarks or a hypothetical 1% increase in the discount rate used to estimate fair value would not result in an impairment of our Elizabeth Arden trademarks. During the quarter ended June 30, 2016, we also completed our annual impairment assessment of goodwill using the guidance in Topic 350. The analysis indicated that no impairment adjustment was required. A hypothetical 10% decrease in the fair value of our North America reporting unit would not result in an impairment of our goodwill.  During the second quarter of fiscal 2015, as net sales of Justin Bieber and Nicki Minaj fragrances continued to fall significantly below expectations, we reviewed these license agreements for potential impairment. Given the significant decline in net sales under these brands during the first half of fiscal 2015, and the expectation for a continued decline of sales under these brands in future periods, we determined that these intangible assets were fully impaired. As a result, we recorded a total impairment charge of approximately $39.6 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2015 to write off the carrying values of both the Justin Bieber and Nicki Minaj licenses. See Note 8 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we decided (i) not to renew the True Religion license agreement which expired on June 30, 2014, and (ii) not to renew the BCBGMAXAZRIA license agreement once it expires in January 2017. At the time of the acquisition of the licenses from New Wave Fragrances, LLC in May 2012, we assumed we would exercise the renewal options for both licenses and estimated the useful lives to be approximately six years for the True Religion license and 9.5 years for the BCBGMAXAZRIA license. The decision not to exercise the renewal options for both licenses triggered an impairment analysis for each license. As a result, we recorded an impairment charge of $5.8 million during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, to reduce the carrying values for both the True Religion and BCBGMAXAZRIA licenses. See Note 8 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  Determining future undiscounted cash flows is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including net sales projections, operating margins, and future market conditions, among others. We believe our assumptions are reasonable; however, there can be no assurance that our estimates and assumptions will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. We will continue to monitor and evaluate the expected future cash flows of our reporting units and the long-term trends of our market capitalization for the purposes of assessing the carrying value of our goodwill and indefinite-lived Elizabeth Arden trademarks, other trademarks and intangible assets. If market and economic conditions deteriorate, this could increase the likelihood of future material non-cash impairment charges to our results of operations related to our goodwill, indefinite-lived Elizabeth Arden trademarks, or other trademarks and intangible assets.  [[Image Removed: LOGO]]  - 36 -  Table of Contents  Depreciation and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization is provided over the estimated useful lives of the assets using the straight line method. Periodically, we review the lives assigned to our long-lived assets and adjust the lives, as circumstances dictate. Because estimated useful life is a subjective estimate, it is reasonably likely that circumstances may cause the estimate to change. For example, if we experience significant declines in net sales in certain channels of distribution, it could affect the estimated useful life of certain of our long-lived assets, such as counters or trade fixtures, which could result in additional charges to net income.  Long-Lived Assets. We review for the impairment of long-lived assets to be held and used whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable. Measurement of an impairment loss is based on the fair value of the asset group compared to its carrying value. An impairment loss is recognized to the extent the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its estimated fair value. Because the fair value is a subjective estimate, it is reasonably likely that circumstances may cause the estimate to change. The same circumstances that could affect the estimated useful life of a long-lived asset, as discussed above, could cause us to change our estimate of the fair value of that asset, which could result in additional charges to net income. We did not record any adjustments to our long-lived assets in fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.  Revenue Recognition. Sales are recognized when title and risk of loss transfers to the customer, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability of the resulting receivable is probable. Sales are recorded net of estimated returns, markdowns and other allowances. The provision for sales returns and markdowns represents management's estimate of future returns and markdowns based on historical experience and considering current external factors and market conditions.  Allowances for Sales Returns and Markdowns. As is customary in the prestige beauty business, we grant certain of our customers (primarily North American prestige retailers and specialty beauty stores), subject to our authorization and approval, the right to either return product for credit against amounts previously billed or to receive a markdown allowance. Upon sale to such customers, we record a provision for product returns and markdowns estimated based on our level of sales, historical and projected experience with product returns and markdowns in each of our business segments and with respect to each of our product types, current economic trends and changes in customer demand and customer mix. We make detailed estimates at the segment, product and customer level, which are then aggregated to arrive at a consolidated provision for product returns and markdowns and are reviewed periodically as facts and circumstances warrant. Such provisions and markdown allowances are recorded as a reduction of net sales.  Because there is considerable judgment used in evaluating the allowance for returns and markdowns, it is reasonably likely that actual experience will differ from our estimates. If, for example, customer demand for our products is lower than estimated or a proportionately greater amount of sales is made to prestige retailers and/or specialty beauty stores, additional provisions for returns or markdowns may be required resulting in a charge to income in the period in which the determination was made. Similarly, if customer demand for our products is higher than estimated, a reduction of our provision for returns or markdowns may be required resulting in an increase to income in the period in which the determination was made. As a percentage of gross sales, our returns and markdowns were 8.6%, 9.9% and 11.1% for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. A hypothetical 5% change in the value of our allowance for sales returns and markdowns as of June 30, 2016, would result in a $1.0 million change to net income.  Allowances for Doubtful Accounts Receivable. We maintain allowances for doubtful accounts to cover uncollectible accounts receivable, and we evaluate our accounts receivable to determine if they will ultimately be collected. This evaluation includes significant judgments and estimates, including an analysis of receivables aging and a customer-by-customer review for large accounts. It is reasonably likely that actual experience will differ from our estimates, which may result in an increase or decrease in the allowance for doubtful accounts. If, for example, the financial condition of our customers deteriorates resulting in an impairment of their ability to pay, additional allowances may be required, resulting in a charge to income in the period in which the determination was made. A hypothetical 5% change in the value of our allowance for doubtful . . .  Aug 15, 2016  (c) 1995-2016 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart


Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know


Jeff Bezos was the richest person in the world, for half a day















Most Popular





The dark side of cruises





Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.





Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq





If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one





How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 



















 











Elizabeth Arden Makeup, Skincare, Perfume & Gifts | Official Site




















































4 FREE SKIN-PERFECTING MINIS with $40 order. 
Code: 4SECRETS. Shop Now



Menu













4 FREE SKIN-PERFECTING MINIS with $40 order. 
Code: 4SECRETS. Shop Now






Search Catalog


Search














0





















Advanced Ceramide Capsules
Daily Youth Restoring Serum
New Advanced Ceramide Capsules
Small Wonders
Skin looks firm and radiant.
shop now








Visibly Erase Fine Lines, Wrinkles and Sun Damage
Visibly Erase Fine Lines, Wrinkles and Sun Damage
PREVAGE® Serums. Superior Anti-Aging Technology.

shop now









Eyes Wide Open Collection
Eyes Wide Open Collection Bold. Natural. Smoky.
Eyes Wide Open Collection Bold. Natural. Smoky.
Bold. Natural. Smoky.  One Compact, Infinite Looks.
shop now























Put Your Skin On A Super Diet
Put Your Skin On A Super Diet

				SUPERSTART is packed with power-nutrients like flaxseed, sea fennel, and probiotic complex. These healthy essentials are the ultimate super-diet for a radiant, youthful glow. 
			

Discover it now












Idebenone

					Discover PREVAGE® Idebenone—the most powerful antioxidant available.
				

Prevage®











Algae

					Found in Ceramide Premiere to help support skin's natural collagen for a more firm, radiant look. 
				

Premiere











Botanicals

					The Botanical hops extract in Skin Illuminating smoothes fine lines and helps brighten skin.
				

Illuminate



















Customize Your Palette

				Customize your very own chic eye shadow palette with long-lasting, color-rich shades. 
				Just make your picks and pop them into our elegant little black compact for ready-to-go glamour.
			
shop now








@ElizabethArden











Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.





Your browser is out of date. For the best and most secure experience in our catalog, Please update your browser.













































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




12:03 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:02pHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
12:01pThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
12:00pStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses
11:59aWells Fargo will pay $80 million to overcharged auto loan consumers 
11:57aCharting a bull-trend whipsaw, Nasdaq’s key reversal fuels sector rotation (again)
11:56aGold aims for third-weekly gain as dollar holds loss after GDP report
11:51aA global investment strategist offers up a summer reading list to make you a better investor
11:51aThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
11:50aWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
11:49aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:49aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
11:48aYou’ll save money on gas with the Tesla Model 3, but you may end up paying more elsewhere
11:47aSurprise: Those ‘great’ companies generally turn out to be meh ... or duds
11:47aThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
11:45aWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
11:45aThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
11:42aGold prices trade near session highs after reports of missile test in North Korea
11:42aAug. gold climbs by $8.70, or 0.7%, to $1,268.70/oz
11:40aWeekend roundup: Amazon’s spending | Surviving Amazon |  Caterpillar’s comeback
11:37aTesla’s Model 3 will be launched with panache--and a party--later Friday
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,802.58

+6.03
+0.03%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,370.51

-11.68
-0.18%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.49

-4.93
-0.20%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































 




North Castle Partners Announces Investment by Elizabeth Arden, Inc. in Red Door Spa Holdings - North Castle Partners
















































North Castle Partners
Contact Us








Contact Us
 





					NCP News  •  					September 7, 2012				
North Castle Partners Announces Investment by Elizabeth Arden, Inc. in Red Door Spa Holdings

North Castle Partners (“North Castle”), a leading private equity firm focused on investments in consumer product and service businesses, announced that Elizabeth Arden, Inc. (NASDAQ: RDEN), a global prestige beauty products company, has made an investment in Red Door Spa Holdings, a North Castle portfolio company that is the operator of the Elizabeth Arden Red Door Spas and the Mario Tricoci Hair Salons.


Elizabeth Arden, Inc. (“the Company”) licenses the trademarks for the Elizabeth Arden and Red Door brand names to Red Door Spa Holdings, the owner and operator of the Elizabeth Arden Red Door Spas.  Elizabeth Arden, Inc. has partnered with J.H. Anderson Holdings, Inc. and its principal John Anderson, to collectively invest $12 million for a minority interest in Red Door Spa Holdings.  In addition, Elizabeth Arden, Inc. and J.H. Anderson Holdings have an option to acquire the remaining interest in Red Door Spa Holdings.  The investment will be recorded as a minority investment by the Company and, therefore, it will not have a material impact on the Company’s financial results.


E. Scott Beattie, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Elizabeth Arden, Inc., commented, “Our intent in partnering with John Anderson and North Castle Partners is to accelerate the growth of the spa business in parallel with the growth of the Elizabeth Arden brand and the Elizabeth Arden brand repositioning.  The collaboration between Elizabeth Arden, Inc., John Anderson and North Castle brings the relevant product, operational management and financial skills to maximize the growth potential and profitability of the Red Door Spa business.  The equity of the Elizabeth Arden brand is rooted in its Red Door Spa heritage.  We intend to leverage this unique association to drive both Elizabeth Arden product sales and the Red Door Spa business.”


Mr. Anderson continued, “I am extremely excited about the potential of Red Door Spas. The Elizabeth Arden Red Door Spa enjoys tremendous brand equity. As one of the most highly recognized names in the nearly $50 billion global spa industry, I look forward to leveraging this brand name in expanding the business.”


Alison Minter, North Castle Partners Managing Director, stated, “We believe the opportunity to align our economic interests and to leverage Elizabeth Arden, Inc’s. corporate resources and marketing capabilities, particularly in expanding product sales, will strengthen Red Door Spa Holdings’ leadership position in the day spa market.  This transaction is another example of North Castle partnering with management teams to build high quality brands that are of strategic value to leading consumer product companies.”


Red Door Spa Holdings currently owns and operates 31 Red Door Spas in freestanding locations and upscale resort and hotel properties in the United States and 18 Mario Tricoci Hair Salons in the Chicago metro area and had combined revenue of approximately $150 million in fiscal 2011.


Mr. Anderson has been a developer, owner, and manager of hotel and resort projects.  Mr. Anderson’s experience also includes spa development, management and consulting.  Mr. Anderson has been involved in various hotel and spa properties, including the Hyatt Regency Pier 66, Fort Lauderdale, Florida and Sonoma Mission Inn & Spa, Sonoma, California.  Sonoma Mission Inn & Spa was a pioneer in resort spas and one with a significant salon presence.  A joint venture managed by Mr. Anderson created the first Ritz-Carlton Spa in San Juan, Puerto Rico, which also had a significant salon presence, under the brand name SonomaTherapy‚Ñ¢ Spa.  This spa consistently performed as one of the best spas at Ritz-Carlton properties, ranking in the upper quartile for all Ritz spas.  Mr. Anderson has also provided consulting services to other hotel and resort companies, including Swissotel, Grupo Huarte, and Host Hotels.


Elizabeth Arden is a global prestige beauty products company with an extensive portfolio of prestige beauty brands sold in over 120 countries.  The company’s brand portfolio includes Elizabeth Arden skincare, color and fragrance products, the celebrity fragrance brands of Britney Spears, Elizabeth Taylor, Justin Bieber, Mariah Carey, Nicki Minaj, Taylor Swift, and Usher; the designer fragrance brands of Juicy Couture, Alfred Sung, BCBGMAXAZRIA, Geoffrey Beene, Halston, Bob Mackie, Ed Hardy, John Varvatos, Kate Spade, Lucky Brand, True Religion and Rocawear; and the lifestyle fragrance brands Curve, Giorgio Beverly Hills, and PS Fine Cologne.


North Castle Partners is a leading private equity firm focused on investments in consumer product and service businesses that promote Health, Wellness, and Active Living. North Castle is a hands-on, value-added investor in high-growth, middle market companies in the (i) beauty & personal care, (ii) consumer health, (iii) fitness, recreation & sports, (iv) home & leisure and (v) nutrition sectors, among others.  North Castle’s current portfolio includes such well-known brands as Flatout Flatbreads, Ibex Outdoor Clothing, glominerals, Mineral Fusion, Performance Bicycle, World Health Club, Octane Fitness and Palladio Beauty Group. Prior portfolio company holdings include Naked Juice Company, Cascade Helmets, Enzymatic Therapy, Equinox Fitness, EAS, CRC Health Group, Doctor’s Dermatologic Formula, and Avalon Natural Products.  North Castle and its operating executives and advisors partner with management to bring a wide range of strategic and operational capabilities, as well as an extensive knowledge base and network to build world-class companies. North Castle is headquartered in Greenwich, CT. For more information, visit www.northcastlepartners.com.




More NCP News


July 6, 2017
North Castle Partners Sells Mineral Fusion Natural Brands to BWX Limited


May 10, 2017
North Castle Partners and Topgolf Invest in Sports Simulation Technology Leader Full Swing


February 23, 2017
Jay Galluzzo, Wellness Entrepreneur and Investor, Becomes  a Managing Director of North Castle Partners


View All News & Media















B. Riley & Co. | Elizabeth Arden, Inc.






















 











Username:



Password:






                            Remember Me?
                        




Register | Forgot password?













 




Disclosures

Printer-friendly Version



Elizabeth Arden, Inc.


Disclosure

B. Riley & Co., LLC, or any of its affiliates, does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports.
A portion of this analyst’s compensation is based on the sales, trading and investment banking activities of B. Riley & Co., LLC.

This report may be distributed by FBR Capital Markets & Co., an affiliate of B. Riley & Co., LLC and as such constitutes third party research. For additional information, please visit http://www.fbr.com/disclosures.









Ratings Distribution as of July 27, 2017

% with Investment Banking Relationships




Rating
Number of Companies
Percent of Total




Buy

											
												139
																							
73.2%


Neutral

											
												50
																							
26.3%


Sell

											
												1
																							
0.5%




Total
190
100%






Ratings Distribution as of October 4, 2016

% with Investment Banking Relationships




Rating
Number of Companies
Percent of Total




Buy

											22
										
88.0%


Neutral

											3
										
12.0%


Sell

											0
										
0.0%




Total
25
100%




Explanation of B. Riley & Co. LLC's Rating System

Buy: We generally expect "Buy" rated stocks to materially outperform both the S&P 500 and Russell 2000 as well as other stocks in their sector. Further, we believe that the potential reward relative to the potential risk is particularly attractive.
Neutral: We generally believe "Neutral" rated stocks will perform roughly in line with the S&P 500 and Russell 2000 over the intermediate and long term.
Sell: We generally expect "Sell" rated stocks to materially underperform both the S&P 500 and Russell 2000 as well as other stocks in their sector. Further, we believe that the potential reward relative to the potential risk is particularly unattractive.

Risks and Considerations


Acquisition/Integration - The Company actively evaluates potential acquisitions as part of its growth strategy. Acquisitions pursued by the Company could be dilutive to financial results and result in a difficult, dilutive or expensive integration.
Acquisition/Integration - The Company recently completed acquisition(s). If the Company fails to successfully integrate the acquisition, the deal may lead to disappointing returns.
Commodity Costs - Should commodity prices for the Company's resources increase, the Company's operating margins could be harmed.
Competition - The industry is highly competitive and many of the Company's competitors have greater resources.
Currency Exposure - Since the Company purchases its finished goods from foreign manufacturers and sell its products in transactions denominated in U.S dollars, a weakening of the U.S dollar could negatively impact the Company.
Cyclical Nature of the Company's Business - Revenue from the Company's businesses have historically correlated positively with both US and world GDP. A cyclical downturn in GDP growth domestically and/or abroad may lead to a material deterioration in the Company's results.
Discretionary Spending - The products the Company sells are largely discretionary in nature and any slowdown in consumer spending would have an unfavorable impact on the Company.
Economy - Macro-economic issues such as increasing oil and gas prices and a possible drop in consumer spending could have a negative impact on the Company's business.
Execution - Management may not execute well on its restructuring efforts as it allocates capital and human resources towards acquisitions and related integration, possibly resulting in lower margins and cash flow.
Financial Results - Due to the Company's relatively small revenue base and fixed operating cost structure, the loss or delay of one large license deal or services contract could significantly impact the bottom line.
Financial Results - Unpredictable timing of customer orders.
Freight costs - Increases in freight costs caused by high gasoline prices or other factors could cause margin erosion or lost market share if the Company raises prices.
Growth Plan - There are many factors that may impact the company's ability to achieve its stated growth objectives.
International Operations - The Company derives a significant portion of its revenues from outside the United States. The Company is subject to foreign exchange risk and the risks inherent in managing a global Company.
License Agreement Expiration - Stores that the Company operates within may choose not to extend their license agreements upon maturity, which could significantly impact revenues and financial results.
Loss of Key Personnel - In our opinion, the current management team will be instrumental in executing the Company's growth strategy. The resignation of a key member of management would have a negative impact on the Company.
Pricing Pressure - The Company's business could be affected by pricing pressure within the market.
Seasonality - The Company's results are highly seasonal.
General Industry - The Company could miss our estimates and/or their financial guidance.
Further Potential Risks - See the Company's SEC filings, particularly its 10-K filing, for a discussion of further potential risks.





Recent News & Media



07/17/17
B. Riley & Co. Acts as Exclusive Financial Advisor to Gracious Home in its Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Proceeding



Press Release





07/13/17
FBR Capital Markets & Co. Acts as Sell-Side Advisor to RockPile Energy Services, LLC in its Acquisition by Keane Group, Inc.



Press Release





07/11/17
FBR Capital Markets & Co. Acts as Exclusive Financial Advisor to Vast Broadband in its Sale of Communications Assets



Press Release





07/05/17
B. Riley Financial Closes Acquisition of Wunderlich Securities



Press Release





06/27/17
B. Riley & Co. Acts as Placement Agent in $15.3 Million IP Financing for Finjan Holdings, Inc.



Press Release





06/08/17
B. Riley Financial Assists bebe stores, inc. to Reorganize



Press Release


View News
 

Transactions






$45,000,000

(NASDAQ:EMKR)Dutch Auction Tender Offer Common StockDealer Manager




exclusive financial advisor related to its acquisition by



$80,000,000

(NASDAQ:MBUU)Public Offering  Common StockCo-Manager


$29,000,000

(NASDAQ:SPCB)Public Offering  Common StockCo-Manager


$30,000,000

(NASDAQ:AOSL)Dutch Auction Tender Offer Common StockDealer Manager


$150,000,000

(NASDAQ:CAMP)Senior COnvertible NotesCo-Manager


$49,780,000

(NYSE:NPTN)Public Offering  Common StockCo-Manager


$150,000,000

(NASDAQ: CAMP)  Senior Convertible Notes  Co-Manager


$11,700,000

(NASDAQ: EKSO)  Lead Placement Agent  Registered Direct Offering


$11,340,000

(NASDAQ: FNJN)  Sole Underwriter and Book-Runner  on Follow-On Public Offering 


$15,300,000

(NASDAQ: FNJN)  Placement Agent in the  Series A-1 Preferred Stock  Financing for Finjan Holdings, Inc.


$100,000,000

(NASDAQ: KBLMU)  Joint Book-Running Manager to  KBL Merger Corp. IV  in Initial  Raise of Public Capital


$52,500,000

(NASDAQ: VLRX)  Co-Manager on  Follow-On Public Offering


$35,000,000

Exclusive Financial Advisor  and Placement Agent of Bridge Capital




 Exclusive Financial Advisor  to Gracious Home in its  Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Proceeding




provided fairness opinion  to Board of Directors  in connection to their  merger with





(NYSE: WTT)  Buy-Side Advisor  to WTG in its  Acquisition of CommAgility





 Financial Advisor in  the Senior Refinancing  of Gibson Brands


$225,000,000

(NASDAQ: OSIS)  Co-Manager in the Placement  of Convertible Debt on  behalf of OSI Systems


$453,300,000

 (NASDAQ: VSAT)  Co-Manager on Follow-On  Public Offering




 (NASDAQ: ABTL)  Exclusive Financial Advisor in connection with the  sale of its SFL product to



$24,600,000

 (NASDAQ: OOMA)  Sole Underwriter in a  Secondary Offering of  Common Stock


$80,500,000

 (NASDAQ: KTOS)  Joint Book-Running Manager  in the Underwritten Public Offering  of Common Stock


$11,200,000

 (NASDAQ: CDZI)  Sole Book-Running Manager  in the Underwritten  Public Offering of Common Stock


$40,000,000

 (NASDAQ: MCFT)  Sole Underwriter in Two  Secondary Offerings of Common Stock


$20,000,000

 (NASDAQ: RLH)  Joint Book-Running Manager  in the Underwritten Public  Offering of Common Stock


$48,400,000

 (NASDAQ: HDSN)  Co-Manager in the  Underwritten Public Offering  of Common Stock




 Exclusive Financial Advisor  Related to its Divestiture of  its Syntech de Baja California  Division to



$47,150,000

 (NASDAQ: MCFT)  Co-Manager Follow-On Offering Common Stock


$70,000,000

 (NASDAQ: KTOS)  Co-Lead Underwriter on  Follow-On Public Offering




Financial Advisor Related to  the Corporate Sale of R.W. Smith to TriMark





 provided financial advisory  services to the Company




provided fairness opinion related to a recapitalization through an exchange of membership units & partnership interests




(Nasdaq: BNHN.A)  provided financial advisory  services to the Independent  strategic Committee


$27,600,000

(OCTCBB: TNFG)  provided a fairness opinion related to an acquisition by





(Nasdaq: NTSC)  provided corporate governance  financial advisory services to the  Board of Directors




(Nasdaq: SLTC)  provided financial advisory  services to the company's  Board of Directors>


$20,000,000

financial advisory to the acquisition  of a security and public  safety system integration business


$39,000,000

(Nasdaq: EVOL)  fairness opinion related to the  sale of the Numbering Solutions business to





 (Nasdaq: ABTL)  financial advisory related to  its acquisition of





 (Nasdaq: NTS)  provided a fairness opinion  related to its proposed  acquisition by





 (Nasdaq: TIXC)   provided financial advisory  and a fairness opinion  to the Special Committee


$125,600,000

buy side advisory & fairness opinion  related to the acquisition of China-based Enson Assets from CG Int'l Holdings




 provided financial advisory  services related to FASB 142  goodwill impairment




Provided a fairness opinion related to the acquisition of  IT solutions provider  business assets of 





Exclusive Financial AdvisorRelated to Acquisition of





Sell-side advisory in its corporate sale to



$35,000,000

(NASDAQ:FC)Dutch Tender Auction  Dealer Manager


$29,000,000

(NASDAQ:SPCB)Public Offering  Common StockCo-Manager




in its financing by





In its investment by A Group of Investors




In its investment by A Group of Investors


$400,000,000

buy-side advisorrelated to its acquisition of 



$71,760,000

(NASDAQ:MPAA)Public Offering  Common StockCo-Manager


$3,286,000

(NYSE MKT: API)   Public Offering  Class A Common Stock  Sole Underwriter


$552,000,000

(NASDAQ: CSGP)  Public Offering  Common Stock  Co-Manager


$16,100,000

(NASDAQ: CACH)   Public Offering  Common Stock  Sole Underwriter


$625,000,000

(NASDAQ: KTOS)  Senior Secured  Notes  Co-Manager 




exclusive financial advisorrelated to its acquisition by



$12,500,000

(NYSE MKT: WYY)   Underwritten Public Offering  Sole-Book Runner


$34,500,000

(NASDAQ: MTSN)  Public Offering  Common Stock  Co-Manager




exclusive financial advisor  related to its merger with





financial advisor related to its acquisition of AutoUSA from



$379,000,000

(NYSE: AMC)  Initial Public Offering  Class A Common Stock  Co-Manager


$13,000,000

(NASDAQ: CIDM)  Public Offering  Class A Common Stock  Book-Runner  




in its acquisition by





in its acquisition by





(Nasdaq: ABTL)   financial advisory  related to its acquisition of



$12,400,000

(Nasdaq: EMKR)  Public Offering  Common Stock  Sole Underwriter


$6,900,000

(NASDAQ: ARTX)   Public Offering     Sole Underwriter


$93,200,000

(NASDAQ: CKEC)   Public Offering     Co-Manager 


$105,500,000

(OTCQB: SAEB)   financial advisory   related to its acquisition by 



$40,000,000

(NASDAQ: GFN)  Series C Preferred Stock  Co-Manager 


$88,820,000

(NASDAQ: RDA)   Follow-On Offering   American Depositary Shares   Co-Manager 


$83,500,000

(NASDAQ: CDZI)  Financial Restructuring and Placement Agent  


$47,900,000

(NASDAQ: CAMP)  Public Offering Common Stock  Joint Book-Runner


$35,000,000

has been acquired by II-VI Inc. 



$53,000,000

(Nasdaq: CAMP) has announced an all cash pending acquisition of Wireless Matrix USA





Corporate sale of its European business to



$46,000,000 

(NASDAQ: PRGX)  Public Offering Common Stock  Co-Manager




has been acquired in an  all cash transaction by 



$10,000,000

(Nasdaq: EMKR)  Public Offering Common Stock  Sole Book-Runner


$300,000,000

(NASDAQ:VSAT)  Senior Notes Co-Manager 


$45,000,000

Acquired by





 
 

 












 







      Elizabeth Arden to Evaluate Tender Offer From Rhone Capital Affiliates - WSJ
    








































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      Amazon’s Expansion Costs Take a Toll
                    











                      Trump Comments on U.S. Factories Make It Awkward for Apple
                    











                      An Electric Maserati? Fiat Chrysler CEO Says It’s on the Way
                    











                        Globalization in Retreat
                      

                      China’s Next Target: U.S. Microchip Hegemony
                    











                      Shell Prepares for ‘Lower Forever’ Oil Prices
                    











                      Uber Approaches GE CEO Jeff Immelt About Top Role
                    











                      Glencore Under Probe Over Congo Payments
                    











                      Chinese Billionaire Scales Down His Hollywood Dreams
                    











                      Intel Finds Room to Boost Revenue
                    











                      United Therapeutics in Settlement Talks With Justice Department
                    











                      Procter &amp; Gamble, Activist Spar Over Latest Results
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 











                  Business
              




Elizabeth Arden to Evaluate Tender Offer From Rhone Capital Affiliates
Investment Firm Looks to Expand Its Stake in Struggling Beauty-Products Company

 






By

Anna Prior


Anna Prior
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyAnna Prior
@aprior
Anna.Prior@wsj.com




  Aug. 27, 2014 12:59 p.m. ET





 Elizabeth Arden Inc. on Wednesday said that investment funds affiliated with Rhone Capital LLC have commenced a partial tender offer to acquire up to 20% of the company's shares, as the investment firm looks to expand its stake in the struggling beauty-products company.  Earlier this month, Elizabeth Arden had said the funds agreed to purchase $50 million of the company's preferred stock and would receive warrants to purchase 2.5...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









'Big Six' Leave Border Adjustment Out of Tax Principles






Most Popular Articles








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









'Big Six' Leave Border Adjustment Out of Tax Principles






Most Popular Articles








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 




















Elizabeth Arden Inc (NAS:RDEN) Sale Of Investment 




























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 




















 RDEN- NAS (USA) Also traded in: GermanyElizabeth Arden Inc



Not Rated

Top Ranked Predictable Companies
 
$13.98     0(0%)  1:01AM EDT








Market Cap : 
			421.04 M
Enterprise Value : 
			
P/E(TTM) : 
			
P/B : 
			

















$13.98 (1y: +1%)



+ Add to Portfolio
Email Alerts
Stock PDFRSSWebsite FilingsDownloadBatch DownloadManual of Stocks™ Web APPManual of Stocks™Sorry. Only PremiumPlus Member can access this feature.Free Trial





This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





NAS:RDEN has been successfully added to your Stock Email Alerts list.
You can manage your stock email alerts here.




NAS:RDEN has been removed from your Stock Email Alerts list.



Please enter Portfolio Name for new portfolio.


SummaryGuru Trades30-Y FinancialsAnalysisDCFInteractive ChartDividendInsiderOwnershipHeadlinesCompareChecklistDefinitions






Switch to:















Fundamental

 Altman Z-Score Beneish M-Score Book Value per Share Dividends per Share E10 Earnings per Share (Diluted) EBITDA per Share Enterprise Value EPS without NRI FFO per Share Financial Strength Float Percentage Of Total Shares Outstanding Free Cash Flow per Share Insider Ownership Institutional Ownership Market Cap (M) Net Cash per Share Net Current Asset Value Net-Net Working Capital Operating Cash Flow per Share Owner Earnings per Share (TTM) Piotroski F-Score Predictability Rank Profitability Revenue per Share Scaled Net Operating Assets Short Interest Short Percentage of Float Tangible Book per Share Total Debt per Share 


Valuation Ratio

 3-Year Average Share Buyback Ratio Asset Turnover Cash Conversion Cycle Cash-to-Debt COGS-to-Revenue Current Ratio Days Inventory Days Payable Days Sales Outstanding Debt-to-Equity Earnings Yield % Earnings Yield (Joel Greenblatt) % Effective Interest Rate on Debt % Equity-to-Asset EV-to-EBIT EV-to-EBITDA EV-to-Revenue Forward PE Ratio Forward Rate of Return (Yacktman) % Goodwill-to-Asset Interest Coverage Inventory Turnover Inventory-to-Revenue LT-Debt-to-Total-Asset PB Ratio PE Ratio PE Ratio PE Ratio without NRI PEG Ratio Price-to-Free-Cash-Flow Price-to-Operating-Cash-Flow Price-to-Owner-Earnings Price-to-Tangible-Book PS Ratio Quick Ratio Return-on-Tangible-Asset Return-on-Tangible-Equity ROA % ROC % ROC (Joel Greenblatt) % ROE % ROIC % Shiller PE Ratio Short Ratio Sloan Ratio % WACC % 


Profitability

 FCF Margin % Gross Margin % Net Interest Margin (Bank Only) % Net Margin % Operating Margin % 


Price

 Earnings Power Value (EPV) Graham Number Intrinsic Value: DCF (Earnings Based) Intrinsic Value: DCF (FCF Based) Intrinsic Value: Projected FCF Margin of Safty % (DCF Earnings Based) Median PS Value Net Cash per Share Peter Lynch Fair Value 


Dividends

 3-Year Dividend Growth Rate 5-Year Dividend Growth Rate 5-Year Yield-on-Cost % Dividend Payout Ratio Dividend Yield % Dividend-Payout-to-FFO Forward Dividend Yield % 


Income Statement

 Advertising Cost of Goods Sold Credit Losses Provision Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization EBIT EBITDA EPS (Basic) EPS (Diluted) Fees and Other Income Gross Profit Interest Expense Interest Income Net Income Net Income (Continuing Operations) Net Income (Discontinued Operations) Net Interest Income Net Investment Income Net Policyholder Benefits/Claims Non Interest Income Non-Recurring Items Operating Income Other Income (Expense) Other Noninterest Expense Other Operating Expense Policy Acquisition Expense Pre-Tax Income Preferred Dividends Research & Development Revenue Selling, General, & Admin. Expense Shares Outstanding (Diluted Average) SpecialCharges Tax Expense Tax Provision Total Premiums Earned 


Balance Sheet

 Accounts Payable & Accrued Expense Accounts Receivable Accumulated Depreciation Additional Paid-In Capital Buildings And Improvements Capital Lease Obligation Capital Surplus Cash And Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents Cash, Cash Equivalents, Marketable Securities Common Stock Construction In Progress Current Portion of Long-Term Debt Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs Equity Investments Fixed Maturity Investment Future Policy Benefits Goodwill Gross Property, Plant and Equipment Intangible Assets Inventories, Finished Goods Inventories, Other Inventories, Raw Materials & Components Inventories, Work In Process Land And Improvements Long-Term Debt & Capital Lease Obligation Marketable Securities Money Market Investments Net Loan Other Assets for Banks Other Current Assets Other Current Liabilities Other Liabilities for Banks Other Long Term Assets Other Long-Term Liabilities Paid-In Capital Policyholder Funds Preferred Stock Property, Plant and Equipment Retained Earnings Securities & Investments Shares Outstanding (EOP) Short-term investments Total Assets Total Current Assets Total Current Liabilities Total Deposits Total Equity Total Inventories Total Liabilities Treasury Stock Unearned Premiums Unpaid Loss & Loss Reserve 


Cashflow statement

 Capital Expenditure Cash Flow for Dividends Cash Flow from Discontinued Operations Cash Flow from Financing Cash Flow from Investing Cash Flow from Operations Cash Flow from Others Cash From Discontinued Investing Activities Cash From Other Investing Activities Change In Inventory Change In Receivables Change In Working Capital Cumulative Effect Of Accounting Change Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization FFO Free Cash Flow Net Change in Cash Net Foreign Currency Exchange Gain Net Income From Continuing Operations Net Intangibles Purchase And Sale Net Issuance of Debt Net Issuance of Preferred Stock Net Issuance of Stock Purchase Of Business Purchase Of Investment Purchase Of Property, Plant, Equipment Sale Of Business Sale Of Investment Sale Of Property, Plant, Equipment Stock Based Compensation 










                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    
























Elizabeth Arden Inc (NAS:RDEN)
Sale Of Investment
=GURUF("NAS:RDEN","Sale Of Investment")

$0.0 Mil (TTM As of Jun. 2016)
Elizabeth Arden Inc's sale of investment for the three months ended in Jun. 2016 was $0.0 Mil. It means Elizabeth Arden Inc gained $0.0 Mil from selling investments. Elizabeth Arden Inc's sale of investment for the trailing twelve months (TTM) ended in Jun. 2016 was $0.0 Mil.
Compared with last quarter ($0.0 Mil in Mar. 2016 ), Elizabeth Arden Inc gained the same money from selling investments in Jun. 2016 ($0.0 Mil).

Definition
Sale of Investments represents cash inflow on the sale of investments in securities.
Elizabeth Arden Inc Sale Of Investment for the trailing twelve months (TTM) ended in Jun. 2016 was 0 (Sep. 2015 ) + 0 (Dec. 2015 ) +  0 (Mar. 2016 ) + 0 (Jun. 2016 ) = $0.0 Mil.
* All numbers are in millions except for per share data and ratio. All numbers are in their local exchange's currency.

Related Terms
Purchase of Investment, Cash Flow from Investing

Historical Data
* All numbers are in millions except for per share data and ratio. All numbers are in their local exchange's currency.
Elizabeth Arden Inc Annual Data



Jun07Jun08Jun09Jun10Jun11Jun12Jun13Jun14Jun15Jun16

SaleOfInvestment
0.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.0


Elizabeth Arden Inc Quarterly Data



Mar14Jun14Sep14Dec14Mar15Jun15Sep15Dec15Mar16Jun16

SaleOfInvestment
0.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.0













Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK

















