


Cypress Names Hassane El-Khoury as Next CEO (NASDAQ:CY)






















 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS





Aug 11, 2016



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



Cypress Names Hassane El-Khoury as Next CEO
Longtime Cypress Executive, Architect of the Company's Successful Embedded Automotive Strategy Named President, Chief Executive Officer, Member of the Board of DirectorsCypress Chairman of the Board Ray Bingham Named Executive Chairman


SAN JOSE, Calif., Aug. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (NASDAQ: CY) today announced that Hassane El-Khoury has been named its president, chief executive officer, and a member of its board of directors, and that Ray Bingham's current role as chairman of the board has been expanded to executive chairman, providing him with a day-to-day role in support of the CEO focused externally on customers and investment opportunities.

"The goal of our comprehensive internal and external executive search was to identify a CEO who would drive the transformation of Cypress, expand our leadership position in embedded systems and enhance our focus on revenue and earnings growth and long-term shareholder value," said Bingham, a 30-year veteran of the semiconductor industry who sits on numerous high-tech boards of directors in addition to Cypress. "Among the many interested and qualified candidates we interviewed, El-Khoury emerged as the clear executive leader to deliver on Cypress's enormous potential and unlock its value for customers and investors. He has demonstrated strong leadership and judgment over the past nine years as a senior executive at Cypress, heading up some of the company's most innovative and successful businesses. He is an agent of change who brings to this position an extensive knowledge of our 
target markets and a mindset focused on customer value and profitable growth."
"Cypress is at an inflection point," said El-Khoury, who played a key role in Cypress's successful integration with Spansion over the last year and a half and its more recent acquisition of Broadcom's Internet of Things (IoT) business. "We've architected our company to become more valuable to our embedded-systems customers, significantly expanding our portfolio of high-value solutions in growth markets such as automotive, industrial, consumer electronics and the IoT. I am thrilled and humbled to lead Cypress into the future as we expand upon our position as the supplier of choice for the world's most innovative embedded-systems customers and partners."
Before joining Cypress in 2007, El-Khoury served in various roles with Continental Automotive Systems in the U.S., Germany and Japan. Prior to Continental, he earned his bachelor's of science degree in electrical engineering (BSEE) from Lawrence Technological University in Michigan and his master's degree in engineering management from Michigan's Oakland University.
Bingham served as the non-executive chairman of Cypress's Board of Directors from its merger with Spansion in March 2015 to the present. He serves on the boards of high-tech companies including Oracle Corporation, he is the chairman of the board of Flex (formerly Flextronics), and he has served as the managing director of General Atlantic LLC, a technology-focused global private investment firm with offices in Silicon Valley. From 1993-2005, Bingham served in leadership positions with Cadence Design Systems, Inc., including president and chief executive officer and executive chairman. His executive experience provides Cypress with the critical perspective of someone familiar with all facets of an international enterprise. 
Concurrent with these changes, as planned, former Cypress CEO T.J. Rodgers has resigned from Cypress and the Cypress board. "T.J. created a company with the resiliency to stand up to more than 34 years of change in the semiconductor industry, and one that is positioned for considerable future success," El-Khoury said. "On behalf of all of our employees around the world, we would like to thank T.J. for his contributions and dedication to Cypress." 
Follow Cypress Online
Read our Core & Code technical magazine and blog, join the Cypress Developer Community, follow us on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn, and watch Cypress videos on our Video Library or YouTube.
About Cypress
Founded in 1982, Cypress is the leader in advanced embedded system solutions for the world's most innovative automotive, industrial, home automation and appliances, consumer electronics and medical products. Cypress's programmable systems-on-chip, general-purpose microcontrollers, analog ICs, wireless and USB-based connectivity solutions and reliable, high-performance memories help engineers design differentiated products and get them to market first. Cypress is committed to providing customers with the best support and engineering resources on the planet enabling innovators and out-of-the-box thinkers to disrupt markets and create new product categories in record time. To learn more, go to www.cypress.com. 
Cypress, the Cypress logo, and combinations thereof are registered trademarks of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation.
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160811/397406 
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150506/214346LOGO
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cypress-names-hassane-el-khoury-as-next-ceo-300312323.html
SOURCE  Cypress Semiconductor Corporation


News Provided by Acquire Media











 


Hassane S El-Khoury - Pleasanton, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Hassane S El-Khoury in Pleasanton, CA


Hassane S El-Khoury

                                                                           Intelius found that Hassane S El-Khoury  is  a male between 30 and 40 years old from Pleasanton, CA.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Hassane S El-Khoury is in his 30s

Hassane Has Lived In

Pleasanton, CA
Novi, MI
Plymouth, MI

Hassane's Relatives

Lena El-Khoury
Joe El-Khoury
Patricia El-Khoury







Hassane S El-Khoury



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
President, Ceo, and A Member of the Board of Directors at Cypress Semiconductor



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Hassane? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Hassane, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Hassane S El-Khoury
Get a Criminal Check on Hassane S El-Khoury
Get a Public Record Report on Hassane S El-Khoury
Get a People Search Report on Hassane S El-Khoury


Hassane S El-Khoury's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Hassane S El-Khoury has lived as well as Hassane S El-Khoury's phone numbers and email addresses.




Hassane S El-Khoury Has Lived in 2 States
California Address for Hassane S El-Khoury


6740 S** B*** V** 

Pleasanton, CA


Has Lived In

Pleasanton, CA
Novi, MI


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Hassane S El-Khoury

(248) ***-**** - San Jose, CA 
(408) ***-**** - San Jose, CA 
() ***-**** - Lake Orion, MI 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Hassane S El-Khoury

e*k@***.com
h**************y@***.com


Get Email Report




Hassane S El-Khoury's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Hassane S El-Khoury's academic history.  Find out which schools Hassane S El-Khoury attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Hassane S El-Khoury received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Hassane S El-Khoury Has Attended 4 Schools
Oakland University 2004 – 2006               Hassane S El-Khoury has a MS in Engineering Management               
Oakland University               2004 – 2006               Hassane S El-Khoury has a Ms, Engineering Management in Engineering Management               
Lawrence Technological University               1997 – 2001               Hassane S El-Khoury has a Bs Ee in Electrical Engineering - Electronics Concentration               
Lawrence Technological University               1997 – 2001               Hassane S El-Khoury has a Bs Ee, Electrical Engineering - Electronics Concentration in Electrical Engineering - Electronics Concentration               


Hassane S El-Khoury's Professional Information
Information regarding Hassane S El-Khoury's professional history.  Find out previous places Hassane S El-Khoury has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Hassane S El-Khoury Has Worked at 7 Places
Company: Cypress Semiconductor
               Title: President, Ceo, and A Member of the Board of Directors
Company: Cypress Semiconductor
               Title: Executive Vice President - Programmable Systems Division and Member of the Office of the CEO
Hassane S El-Khoury's Experience
Title: President, Ceo, and A Member of the Board of Directors
               Company: Cypress Semiconductor
Job Details

Title: Executive Vice President - Programmable Systems Division and Member of the Office of the CEO
               Company: Cypress Semiconductor
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Hassane S El-Khoury

 See Hassane S El-Khoury's LinkedIn Profile



Hassane S El-Khoury's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Hassane S El-Khoury


Hassane S El-Khoury's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Hassane S El-Khoury's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Hassane El-Khoury
Username Matches

                  HassaneEl-Khoury
                  El-KhouryHassane
                  Hassane.El-Khoury
                  El-Khoury.Hassane
                  Hassane_El-Khoury
                  El-Khoury_Hassane
                  Hassane-El-Khoury
                  El-Khoury-Hassane
                  HEl-Khoury
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
H El-Khoury







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.

















Hassane El-Khoury | Core & Code



















































SUBSCRIBE






Blog
Events
Authors
About
Contact












CEO Corner
All Issues
Blog
Events
Authors
About
Contact
















Hassane El-Khoury
President, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Board of Directors







            	Hassane El-Khoury is president, chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors at Cypress. He was previously executive vice president of Cypress’s Programmable Systems Division, managing the company’s standard and programmable microcontroller (MCU) portfolio, including its Platform PSoC family of devices, and its automotive business.

Prior to that, El-Khoury ran Cypress's automotive business unit, architecting its human-machine interface strategy—which is focused on the automotive touch business—and spearheading its effort to target the growing infotainment, instrumentation cluster and Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) segments. Under El-Khoury, the automotive business unit significantly expanded its revenue, market share and technology leadership.

Prior to joining Cypress, El-Khoury served in various engineering roles with subsystem supplier Continental Automotive Systems, where he spent time based in the U.S., Germany and Japan. He has a deep understanding of customer and design requirements in the automotive and industrial markets, as well as a systems-level understanding of how chips work together to form integrated customer solutions.

El-Khoury holds a bachelor's of science degree in electrical engineering (BSEE) from Lawrence Technological University in Southfield, Mich., and a master's degree in engineering management from Oakland University in Rochester Hills, Mich.            



Articles by Hassane El-Khoury


The Cypress 3.0 Vision and Blueprint: Complete Embedded Solutions for Fast-Growing Markets
I am excited by the opportunity to blog about Cypress’ business strategy and market opportunities, along with industry trends and management best practices. In my role as Cypress’ president and CEO, I’m on the road roughly half of the time meeting with customers, partners and investors. I make it my priority to talk with customers













© 2017 Cypress Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy










Connect with us



SUBSCRIBE
Get More from Core & Code








Connect with us













SUBSCRIBE
Get More from Core & Code


© 2017 Cypress Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy






























Cypress Names Hassane El-Khoury as Next CEO - MarketWatch

















































X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Pentagon confirms detection of North Korea missile launch Friday »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers




















press release


					Aug. 11, 2016, 8:00 a.m. EDT
				
Cypress Names Hassane El-Khoury as Next CEO
Longtime Cypress Executive, Architect of the Company's Successful Embedded Automotive Strategy Named President, Chief Executive Officer, Member of the Board of DirectorsCypress Chairman of the Board Ray Bingham Named Executive Chairman


























SAN JOSE, Calif., Aug. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cypress Semiconductor Corporation                 

/quotes/zigman/70818/composite CY
-1.09%


 today announced that Hassane El-Khoury has been named its president, chief executive officer, and a member of its board of directors, and that Ray Bingham's current role as chairman of the board has been expanded to executive chairman, providing him with a day-to-day role in support of the CEO focused externally on customers and investment opportunities.


                                        








"The goal of our comprehensive internal and external executive search was to identify a CEO who would drive the transformation of Cypress, expand our leadership position in embedded systems and enhance our focus on revenue and earnings growth and long-term shareholder value," said Bingham, a 30-year veteran of the semiconductor industry who sits on numerous high-tech boards of directors in addition to Cypress. "Among the many interested and qualified candidates we interviewed, El-Khoury emerged as the clear executive leader to deliver on Cypress's enormous potential and unlock its value for customers and investors. He has demonstrated strong leadership and judgment over the past nine years as a senior executive at Cypress, heading up some of the company's most innovative and successful businesses. He is an agent of change who brings to this position an extensive knowledge of our target markets and a mindset focused on customer value and profitable growth."


                                        








"Cypress is at an inflection point," said El-Khoury, who played a key role in Cypress's successful integration with Spansion over the last year and a half and its more recent acquisition of Broadcom's Internet of Things (IoT) business. "We've architected our company to become more valuable to our embedded-systems customers, significantly expanding our portfolio of high-value solutions in growth markets such as automotive, industrial, consumer electronics and the IoT. I am thrilled and humbled to lead Cypress into the future as we expand upon our position as the supplier of choice for the world's most innovative embedded-systems customers and partners."


                                        








Before joining Cypress in 2007, El-Khoury served in various roles with Continental Automotive Systems in the U.S., Germany and Japan. Prior to Continental, he earned his bachelor's of science degree in electrical engineering (BSEE) from Lawrence Technological University in Michigan and his master's degree in engineering management from Michigan'sOakland University.


                                        








Bingham served as the non-executive chairman of Cypress's Board of Directors from its merger with Spansion in March 2015 to the present. He serves on the boards of high-tech companies including Oracle Corporation, he is the chairman of the board of Flex (formerly Flextronics), and he has served as the managing director of General Atlantic LLC, a technology-focused global private investment firm with offices in Silicon Valley. From 1993-2005, Bingham served in leadership positions with Cadence Design Systems, Inc., including president and chief executive officer and executive chairman. His executive experience provides Cypress with the critical perspective of someone familiar with all facets of an international enterprise.


                                        








Concurrent with these changes, as planned, former Cypress CEO T.J. Rodgers has resigned from Cypress and the Cypress board. "T.J. created a company with the resiliency to stand up to more than 34 years of change in the semiconductor industry, and one that is positioned for considerable future success," El-Khoury said. "On behalf of all of our employees around the world, we would like to thank T.J. for his contributions and dedication to Cypress."


                                        

Follow Cypress Online









Read our         Core & Code
 technical magazine and blog, join the         Cypress Developer Community
, follow us on         Twitter
,         Facebook
 and         LinkedIn
, and watch Cypress videos on our         Video Library
 or         YouTube
.


                                        

About Cypress









Founded in 1982, Cypress is the leader in advanced embedded system solutions for the world's most innovative automotive, industrial, home automation and appliances, consumer electronics and medical products. Cypress's programmable systems-on-chip, general-purpose microcontrollers, analog ICs, wireless and USB-based connectivity solutions and reliable, high-performance memories help engineers design differentiated products and get them to market first. Cypress is committed to providing customers with the best support and engineering resources on the planet enabling innovators and out-of-the-box thinkers to disrupt markets and create new product categories in record time. To learn more, go to         www.cypress.com
.


                                        


Cypress, the Cypress logo, and combinations thereof are registered trademarks of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation.        









Photo -         http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160811/397406









Logo -         http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150506/214346LOGO









 


                                        








To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:        http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cypress-names-hassane-el-khoury-as-next-ceo-300312323.html









SOURCE  Cypress Semiconductor Corporation


                                        








Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved
                    



/quotes/zigman/70818/composite 





 Add to watchlist
                    
CY




Cypress Semiconductor Corp.


                US
                
                    : U.S.: Nasdaq
                
            




$
14.48



-0.16
-1.09%




Volume: 6.44M
July 28, 2017 11:56a






P/E RatioN/A
Dividend Yield3.03%




Market Cap$4.82 billion
Rev. per Employee$332,977





 









 










































Most Popular





1.






The dark side of cruises






2.






Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.






3.





Market Snapshot

Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq






4.






If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one






5.





Barron's Buzz

How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




11:56 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:56aCharting a bull-trend whipsaw, Nasdaq’s key reversal fuels sector rotation (again)
11:51aA global investment strategist offers up a summer reading list to make you a better investor
11:51aThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
11:50aWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
11:49aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:49aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
11:48aYou’ll save money on gas with the Tesla Model 3, but you may end up paying more elsewhere
11:47aSurprise: Those ‘great’ companies generally turn out to be meh ... or duds
11:47aThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
11:45aWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
11:45aThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
11:42aGold prices trade near session highs after reports of missile test in North Korea
11:42aAug. gold climbs by $8.70, or 0.7%, to $1,268.70/oz
11:40aWeekend roundup: Amazon’s spending | Surviving Amazon |  Caterpillar’s comeback
11:37aTesla’s Model 3 will be launched with panache--and a party--later Friday
11:35aWhat we can learn about dealing with setbacks at work from the Obamacare repeal failure
11:35aWhite House should tighten sanctions on North Korea, experts say
11:27aWhat is an ICO?
11:22aOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
11:18aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,798.95

+2.40
+0.01%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,364.00

-18.19
-0.29%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.48

-5.94
-0.24%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
















































































 



 Cypress Names Hassane El-Khoury as Next CEO 
         










    










 













 











 



















Cypress Names Hassane El-Khoury as Next CEO
        																																																								
              

          Longtime Cypress Executive, Architect of the Company's Successful Embedded Automotive Strategy Named President, Chief Executive Officer, Member of the Board of DirectorsCypress Chairman of the Board Ray Bingham Named Executive Chairman
        
















 News provided by
Cypress Semiconductor Corporation  
Aug 11, 2016, 08:00 ET









 Share this article




























































SAN JOSE, Calif., Aug. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (NASDAQ:    CY) today announced that Hassane El-Khoury has been named its president, chief executive officer, and a member of its board of directors, and that Ray Bingham's current role as chairman of the board has been expanded to executive chairman, providing him with a day-to-day role in support of the CEO focused externally on customers and investment opportunities.










 







							 		Cypress CEO and President Hassane El-Khoury
							  



 

 
 



"The goal of our comprehensive internal and external executive search was to identify a CEO who would drive the transformation of Cypress, expand our leadership position in embedded systems and enhance our focus on revenue and earnings growth and long-term shareholder value," said Bingham, a 30-year veteran of the semiconductor industry who sits on numerous high-tech boards of directors in addition to Cypress. "Among the many interested and qualified candidates we interviewed, El-Khoury emerged as the clear executive leader to deliver on Cypress's enormous potential and unlock its value for customers and investors. He has demonstrated strong leadership and judgment over the past nine years as a senior executive at Cypress, heading up some of the company's most innovative and successful businesses. He is an agent of change who brings to this position an extensive knowledge of our target markets and a mindset focused on customer value and profitable growth."
"Cypress is at an inflection point," said El-Khoury, who played a key role in Cypress's successful integration with Spansion over the last year and a half and its more recent acquisition of Broadcom's Internet of Things (IoT) business. "We've architected our company to become more valuable to our embedded-systems customers, significantly expanding our portfolio of high-value solutions in growth markets such as automotive, industrial, consumer electronics and the IoT. I am thrilled and humbled to lead Cypress into the future as we expand upon our position as the supplier of choice for the world's most innovative embedded-systems customers and partners."
Before joining Cypress in 2007, El-Khoury served in various roles with Continental Automotive Systems in the U.S., Germany and Japan. Prior to Continental, he earned his bachelor's of science degree in electrical engineering (BSEE) from Lawrence Technological University in Michigan and his master's degree in engineering management from Michigan's Oakland University.
Bingham served as the non-executive chairman of Cypress's Board of Directors from its merger with Spansion in March 2015 to the present. He serves on the boards of high-tech companies including Oracle Corporation, he is the chairman of the board of Flex (formerly Flextronics), and he has served as the managing director of General Atlantic LLC, a technology-focused global private investment firm with offices in Silicon Valley. From 1993-2005, Bingham served in leadership positions with Cadence Design Systems, Inc., including president and chief executive officer and executive chairman. His executive experience provides Cypress with the critical perspective of someone familiar with all facets of an international enterprise. 
Concurrent with these changes, as planned, former Cypress CEO T.J. Rodgers has resigned from Cypress and the Cypress board. "T.J. created a company with the resiliency to stand up to more than 34 years of change in the semiconductor industry, and one that is positioned for considerable future success," El-Khoury said. "On behalf of all of our employees around the world, we would like to thank T.J. for his contributions and dedication to Cypress." 
Follow Cypress Online
Read our Core & Code technical magazine and blog, join the Cypress Developer Community, follow us on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn, and watch Cypress videos on our Video Library or YouTube.
About Cypress
Founded in 1982, Cypress is the leader in advanced embedded system solutions for the world's most innovative automotive, industrial, home automation and appliances, consumer electronics and medical products. Cypress's programmable systems-on-chip, general-purpose microcontrollers, analog ICs, wireless and USB-based connectivity solutions and reliable, high-performance memories help engineers design differentiated products and get them to market first. Cypress is committed to providing customers with the best support and engineering resources on the planet enabling innovators and out-of-the-box thinkers to disrupt markets and create new product categories in record time. To learn more, go to www.cypress.com. 
Cypress, the Cypress logo, and combinations thereof are registered trademarks of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation.
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160811/397406 
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150506/214346LOGO
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cypress-names-hassane-el-khoury-as-next-ceo-300312323.html
SOURCE  Cypress Semiconductor Corporation
 Related Links

http://www.cypress.com



 

















Oct 27, 2016, 16:05 ET
Preview: Cypress Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Also from this source




 











Mar 13, 2017, 08:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Cypress Unveils PSoC 6, the Industry's Lowest Power, Most...






 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Electronic Components
  Semiconductors
  Computer Electronics
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Cypress Names Hassane El-Khoury as Next CEO


 News provided by
Cypress Semiconductor Corporation  
Aug 11, 2016, 08:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 











Hassane El-Khoury - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Hassane El-Khoury
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director at Cypress Semiconductor Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Hassane El-Khoury? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Hassane El-Khoury's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Hassane El-Khoury's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Hassane El-Khoury's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Hassane El-Khoury through your network of contacts.
												








Hassane El-Khoury's Executive Work History


Current


President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, 
Cypress Semiconductor Corporation


Past
To view Hassane El-Khoury's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
37

 
 


Hassane El-Khoury's Biography



Hassane El-Khoury has served as the president and chief executive officer of Cypress since August 2016. He was previously executive vice president of Cypress's Programmable Systems Division (from 2012 to 2016), managing the company's standard and programmable microcontroller portfolio, including its Platform PSoC family of devices, and its automotive business. Prior to that, from 2010 to 2012, he served as a senior director of Cypress's automotive business unit. Prior to joining Cypress, Mr. El-Khoury served in various engineering roles with subsystem supplier Continental Automotive Systems, where he spent time based in the U.S., Germany and  ...
(Read More)

			Hassane El-Khoury has served as the president and chief executive officer of Cypress since August 2016. He was previously executive vice president of Cypress's Programmable Systems Division (from 2012 to 2016), managing the company's standard and programmable microcontroller portfolio, including its Platform PSoC family of devices, and its automotive business. Prior to that, from 2010 to 2012, he served as a senior director of Cypress's automotive business unit. Prior to joining Cypress, Mr. El-Khoury served in various engineering roles with subsystem supplier Continental Automotive Systems, where he spent time based in the U.S., Germany and Japan. He holds a bachelor of science degree in electrical engineering from Lawrence Technological University and a master's degree in engineering management from Oakland University.       Qualifications: Extensive product development and technology experience; leadership and operational management skills; and a wealth of experience with the automotive industry
		
Source: Cypress Semiconductor Corporation on 04/19/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Hassane El-Khoury's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Hassane El-Khoury. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Hassane El-Khoury's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Hassane El-Khoury's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Hassane El-Khoury through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Hassane El-Khoury


















Hassane El-Khoury's Connections (31)





Sign up now to view Hassane El-Khoury's 31 connections »









Eric A. Benhamou
Board Member, Cypress Semiconductor Corporation









James R. Long
Former Board Member, Cypress Semiconductor Corporation









Lloyd A. Carney
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.









Brad W. Buss
Board Member, Tesla









Dana C. Nazarian
Executive Vice President, Operations and Technology and Former Co-Chief Executive Officer, Cypress Semiconductor Corporation









Christopher A. Seams
Board Member, Xperi Corporation









Cathal Phelan
Former Executive Vice President, Consumer and Computation Division, Cypress Semiconductor Corporation









W. Steve Albrecht
Board Member, Cypress Semiconductor Corporation









John D. McCranie
Dir., Former Executive Vice President, Sales and Applications, Cypress Semiconductor Corporation









Thurman J. Rodgers
Board Member, Enphase Energy, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















Hassane El-Khoury | Cypress Semiconductor


















































Enter your keywords 





 



Community EnglishEnglish
ChineseJapaneseKorean




 
Log in 











You are hereHome › Hassane El-Khoury 



      Hassane El-Khoury | Cypress Semiconductor    









About Cypress
Cypress 3.0
Management
CEO Corner
Cypress Logos
Press Room


 


Investors
Investor Relations
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
Financials & Filings
Stock Information
Investor FAQs
Annual Report


 

Careers

Operations
Locations
Subsidiaries
Foundry Solutions
Industry Standards
Supply Chain


 


Corp. Responsibility
Community Relations
Social Responsibility 
Environmental Health and Safety
Awards


 


Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions


 






Hassane El-Khoury
			President, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Board of Directors

Hassane El-Khoury is president, chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors at Cypress. He was previously executive vice president of Cypress’s Programmable Systems Division, managing the company’s standard and programmable microcontroller (MCU) portfolio, including its Platform PSoC family of devices, and its automotive business.


Prior to that, El-Khoury ran Cypress's automotive business unit, architecting its human-machine interface strategy—which is focused on the automotive touch business—and spearheading its effort to target the growing infotainment, instrumentation cluster and Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) segments. Under El-Khoury, the automotive business unit significantly expanded its revenue, market share and technology leadership.


Prior to joining Cypress, El-Khoury served in various engineering roles with subsystem supplier Continental Automotive Systems, where he spent time based in the U.S., Germany and Japan. He has a deep understanding of customer and design requirements in the automotive and industrial markets, as well as a systems-level understanding of how chips work together to form integrated customer solutions.


El-Khoury holds a bachelor's of science degree in electrical engineering (BSEE) from Lawrence Technological University in Southfield, Mich., and a master's degree in engineering management from Oakland University in Rochester Hills, Mich.



 















Solutions 

Automotive
Industrial
Consumer
 



Products 

Wireless
Microcontrollers (MCUs)
Memory
Touch Sensing
Power Management
Clocks & Buffers
 



Design Support 

Community
Videos
Development Kits
Quality & Reliability
Product Roadmaps
 









Buy & Sample 

Request Samples
Buy Devices
Buy Development Kits 
 



About Us 

Investors
Careers
 
















































Cypress Names Hassane El-Khoury as Next CEO


















































Enter your keywords 





 



Community EnglishEnglish
ChineseJapaneseKorean




 
Log in 











You are hereHome › About Cypress › Press Room › Cypress Names Hassane El-Khoury as Next CEO 



      Cypress Names Hassane El-Khoury as Next CEO | Cypress Semiconductor    









      Cypress Names Hassane El-Khoury as Next CEO    




Last Updated:
      August 11, 2016    

Longtime Cypress Executive, Architect of the Company’s Successful Embedded Automotive Strategy Named President, Chief Executive Officer, Member of the Board of Directors
Cypress Chairman of the Board Ray Bingham Named Executive Chairman
SAN JOSE, Calif., August 11, 2016—Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (NASDAQ: CY) today announced that Hassane El-Khoury has been named its president, chief executive officer, and a member of its board of directors, and that Ray Bingham’s current role as chairman of the board has been expanded to executive chairman, providing him with a day-to-day role in support of the CEO focused externally on customers and investment opportunities.
“The goal of our comprehensive internal and external executive search was to identify a CEO who would drive the transformation of Cypress, expand our leadership position in embedded systems and enhance our focus on revenue and earnings growth and long-term shareholder value,” said Bingham, a 30-year veteran of the semiconductor industry who sits on numerous high-tech boards of directors in addition to Cypress. “Among the many interested and qualified candidates we interviewed, El-Khoury emerged as the clear executive leader to deliver on Cypress’s enormous potential and unlock its value for customers and investors. He has demonstrated strong leadership and judgment over the past nine years as a senior executive at Cypress, heading up some of the company’s most innovative and successful businesses. He is an agent of change who brings to this position an extensive knowledge of our target markets and a mindset focused on customer value and profitable growth.”
“Cypress is at an inflection point,” said El-Khoury, who played a key role in Cypress’s successful integration with Spansion over the last year and a half and its more recent acquisition of Broadcom’s Internet of Things (IoT) business. “We’ve architected our company to become more valuable to our embedded-systems customers, significantly expanding our portfolio of high-value solutions in growth markets such as automotive, industrial, consumer electronics and the IoT. I am thrilled and humbled to lead Cypress into the future as we expand upon our position as the supplier of choice for the world’s most innovative embedded-systems customers and partners.”
Before joining Cypress in 2007, El-Khoury served in various roles with Continental Automotive Systems in the U.S., Germany and Japan. Prior to Continental, he earned his bachelor’s of science degree in electrical engineering (BSEE) from Lawrence Technological University in Michigan and his master’s degree in engineering management from Michigan’s Oakland University.
Bingham served as the non-executive chairman of Cypress’s Board of Directors from its merger with Spansion in March 2015 to the present. He serves on the boards of high-tech companies including Oracle Corporation, he is the chairman of the board of Flex (formerly Flextronics), and he has served as the managing director of General Atlantic LLC, a technology-focused global private investment firm with offices in Silicon Valley. From 1993-2005, Bingham served in leadership positions with Cadence Design Systems, Inc., including president and chief executive officer and executive chairman. His executive experience provides Cypress with the critical perspective of someone familiar with all facets of an international enterprise.
Concurrent with these changes, as planned, former Cypress CEO T.J. Rodgers has resigned from Cypress and the Cypress board. “T.J. created a company with the resiliency to stand up to more than 34 years of change in the semiconductor industry, and one that is positioned for considerable future success,” El-Khoury said, “On behalf of all of our employees around the world, we would like to thank T.J. for his contributions and dedication to Cypress.”
Follow Cypress Online
Read our Core & Code technical magazine and blog, join the Cypress Developer Community, follow us on Twitter,  Facebook and LinkedIn, and watch Cypress videos on our Video Library or YouTube.
About Cypress
Founded in 1982, Cypress is the leader in advanced embedded system solutions for the world’s most innovative automotive, industrial, home automation and appliances, consumer electronics and medical products. Cypress’s programmable systems-on-chip, general-purpose microcontrollers, analog ICs, wireless and USB-based connectivity solutions and reliable, high-performance memories help engineers design differentiated products and get them to market first. Cypress is committed to providing customers with the best support and engineering resources on the planet enabling innovators and out-of-the-box thinkers to disrupt markets and create new product categories in record time. To learn more, go to www.cypress.com.
# # #
Cypress, the Cypress logo, and combinations thereof are registered trademarks of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation.
 
Type: Corporate 











      Additional Resources    

Press Room
Media Contacts
Video Library




      About Cypress    

Fact Sheet
Management Bios
Community Relations
Investor Relations




      Social Media    

Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Instagram
Follow us on Google+
Follow us on YouTube
Core & Code Blog





















Solutions 

Automotive
Industrial
Consumer
 



Products 

Wireless
Microcontrollers (MCUs)
Memory
Touch Sensing
Power Management
Clocks & Buffers
 



Design Support 

Community
Videos
Development Kits
Quality & Reliability
Product Roadmaps
 









Buy & Sample 

Request Samples
Buy Devices
Buy Development Kits 
 



About Us 

Investors
Careers
 


































Cypress Names Hassane El-Khoury as Next CEOHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 4 hrs 4 minsS&P 5002,469.38-6.04 (-0.24%)Dow 3021,798.45+1.90 (+0.01%)Nasdaq6,364.00-18.19 (-0.29%)Stocks to WatchIntel impresses with strong quarter, Starbucks and Mattel shares are tankingCypress Names Hassane El-Khoury as Next CEOPR NewswireAugust 11, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareSAN JOSE, Calif., Aug. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (CY) today announced that Hassane El-Khoury has been named its president, chief executive officer, and a member of its board of directors, and that Ray Bingham's current role as chairman of the board has been expanded to executive chairman, providing him with a day-to-day role in support of the CEO focused externally on customers and investment opportunities.Cypress CEO and President Hassane El-KhouryMore"The goal of our comprehensive internal and external executive search was to identify a CEO who would drive the transformation of Cypress, expand our leadership position in embedded systems and enhance our focus on revenue and earnings growth and long-term shareholder value," said Bingham, a 30-year veteran of the semiconductor industry who sits on numerous high-tech boards of directors in addition to Cypress. "Among the many interested and qualified candidates we interviewed, El-Khoury emerged as the clear executive leader to deliver on Cypress's enormous potential and unlock its value for customers and investors. He has demonstrated strong leadership and judgment over the past nine years as a senior executive at Cypress, heading up some of the company's most innovative and successful businesses. He is an agent of change who brings to this position an extensive knowledge of our target markets and a mindset focused on customer value and profitable growth.""Cypress is at an inflection point," said El-Khoury, who played a key role in Cypress's successful integration with Spansion over the last year and a half and its more recent acquisition of Broadcom's Internet of Things (IoT) business. "We've architected our company to become more valuable to our embedded-systems customers, significantly expanding our portfolio of high-value solutions in growth markets such as automotive, industrial, consumer electronics and the IoT. I am thrilled and humbled to lead Cypress into the future as we expand upon our position as the supplier of choice for the world's most innovative embedded-systems customers and partners."Before joining Cypress in 2007, El-Khoury served in various roles with Continental Automotive Systems in the U.S., Germany and Japan. Prior to Continental, he earned his bachelor's of science degree in electrical engineering (BSEE) from Lawrence Technological University in Michigan and his master's degree in engineering management from Michigan's Oakland University.Bingham served as the non-executive chairman of Cypress's Board of Directors from its merger with Spansion in March 2015 to the present. He serves on the boards of high-tech companies including Oracle Corporation, he is the chairman of the board of Flex (formerly Flextronics), and he has served as the managing director of General Atlantic LLC, a technology-focused global private investment firm with offices in Silicon Valley. From 1993-2005, Bingham served in leadership positions with Cadence Design Systems, Inc., including president and chief executive officer and executive chairman. His executive experience provides Cypress with the critical perspective of someone familiar with all facets of an international enterprise.Concurrent with these changes, as planned, former Cypress CEO T.J. Rodgers has resigned from Cypress and the Cypress board. "T.J. created a company with the resiliency to stand up to more than 34 years of change in the semiconductor industry, and one that is positioned for considerable future success," El-Khoury said. "On behalf of all of our employees around the world, we would like to thank T.J. for his contributions and dedication to Cypress."Read MoreFollow Cypress OnlineRead our Core & Code technical magazine and blog, join the Cypress Developer Community, follow us on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn, and watch Cypress videos on our Video Library or YouTube.About CypressFounded in 1982, Cypress is the leader in advanced embedded system solutions for the world's most innovative automotive, industrial, home automation and appliances, consumer electronics and medical products. Cypress's programmable systems-on-chip, general-purpose microcontrollers, analog ICs, wireless and USB-based connectivity solutions and reliable, high-performance memories help engineers design differentiated products and get them to market first. Cypress is committed to providing customers with the best support and engineering resources on the planet enabling innovators and out-of-the-box thinkers to disrupt markets and create new product categories in record time. To learn more, go to www.cypress.com.Cypress, the Cypress logo, and combinations thereof are registered trademarks of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation.Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160811/397406Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150506/214346LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cypress-names-hassane-el-khoury-as-next-ceo-300312323.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextWind Projects in Peril as Indian States Rethink PurchasesBloombergEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredAmazon Surpasses $500B Mark, Bezos Briefly Becomes the World’s Richest PersonInvestopediaWeWork raised $500 million to expand in ChinaBusiness Insider UKLook for Tweets and Facebook Posts In Peltz's Procter & Gamble Battle Over Retail VotesThe StreetZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredMy next car is electrified, says Shell CEOAutoblogTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredIntel impresses with strong quarter, Starbucks and Mattel shares are tankingYahoo FinanceAmazon shares fall after profit falls way short of expectationsYahoo Finance VideoStocks whiff as earnings and economic data pour inYahoo Finance"Women Need To Carry This Device With Them"Siren SongSponsoredApple (AAPL) to Report Q3 Earnings: Is a Beat in Store?ZacksU.S. economic growth picks up in second quarter, wages continue to lagReutersTrump Rages at Republicans as John McCain Kills Obamacare Repeal BillSuzy Q: Trump PROMISED he had a healthcare bill that would lower costs, expand coverage, and offer more choices. Where is HIS bill? Time to put up or shut up.Join the Conversation1 / 5554








