










 













 




ECP - Portfolio









About ECP
Team
Criteria
Portfolio
Contact






These enduring enterprises represent the types of investments Elm Creek Partners seeks out - Leaders in a growing niche with a defensible advantage, management of high integrity and proven business models.




Current Portfolio


Publisher of local resource guides for the interior design, wedding and other markets.
			

FreeFlight Systems, an international supplier of professional grade avionics system solutions for commercial and military aircraft.  The company specializes in the design, development, and production of GPS navigation management systems, GPS/WAAS sensors, and radar altimeters.
			

Operator and manager of multiple urgent care clinics in the southern Louisiana and Mississippi markets
			
			




Previous Investments


IntelliPack was formed in 2003 by protective packaging veterans who wanted to develop improved foam-in-place technology and offer the marketplace an alternative supply source.  IntelliPack was acquired by Pregis in 2010.
			

Fiber Systems International has been a global leader in the design, development, and manufacturing of fiber optic systems and products military, telecommunications, energy and other markets.  Fiber Systems was acquired by Amphenol in 2005.
			

TRE was a leading transaction processor in the independent tax preparation market.  TRE was sold to Platform Partners in 2007.								
			

Bailey Steet is a leading designer and distributor of accent furniture.
			
The principals participated in these investments as a part of Red River Ventures' investment team.

























 



 Elm Partners Launches Robo Portfolio Solution 
         










    










 






 











 









Elm Partners Launches Robo Portfolio Solution

		  ex-LTCM co-founder Victor Haghani moves into the Robo space opening up Elm Partners to online signup, offering SMAs at Fidelity
		

Dec 01, 2015, 06:00 ET
		  		  			
									 from   Elm Partners 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




 


 

 




 





 


LONDON, Dec. 1, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Elm Partners today announced the launch of its online Robo portfolio based on their Active Index Investing® strategy.
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151130/291627 
Elm, founded by Victor Haghani in 2011, aims to change the way people think about investing and provides a long-only, globally diversified, tax and cost efficient portfolio solution. Elm offers a systematic dynamic asset allocation approach, as well as some of the lowest management fees in the industry at 0.12% per annum. Accounts are available online via elmfunds.com/invest and are held in Separately Managed Accounts at Fidelity.
"We're able to maintain such low fees due to the inherent scalability of our technology and investment strategy." says CEO Victor Haghani, "We use simple metrics such as value and momentum to move beyond the limitations of pure market cap weighting, adding elements of active management to our approach."
With $400 million of firm assets under management this positions Elm as one of the largest independents in the Robo space, coming in behind Wealthfront and Betterment. However Elm seeks to address an area of the market that Robos have not particularly focused on:  High Net Worth individuals.
Portfolio Manager, Samantha McBride says, "Many high net worth individuals feel uncomfortable with a static investment policy, and prefer their portfolios to have the ability to respond to changing market conditions, which is the foundation of our Active Index Investing® approach."
Key Facts

Elm Partners was founded in 2011 by Victor Haghani, previously of the Bond Arbitrage group of Salomon Brothers and a founding partner of LTCM. 
Accounts are available from a minimum investment of $300,000 with an annual management fee of 12 basis points (0.12%). 
The service launches on December 1st at elmfunds.com/invest and is available for US taxable investors.
For more information please visit elmfunds.com
 
 SOURCE  Elm Partners  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.elmfunds.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  





My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Elm Equity Partners LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























elm equity partners llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: -
Industry: -
Sub-Industry: -
Elm Equity Partners is a private equity firm. The Company makes investments in high growth potential companies.




Corporate Information
Address:

222 Broadway
New York, NY 10038
United States


Phone:
1-646-362-8922


Fax:
-























From The Web











Key Executives


Elliot Luchansky


Managing Partner/Co-Founder




Michael J Mazzeo


Partner/Co-Founder







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Elm Street Partners, LLC- Home


















 






Search Results










































 Elm Street Partners, LLC 






HOME
INVESTMENT
PORTFOLIO
CONTACT US




 



ELM STREET PARTNERS, LLC is a New Canaan, CT based real estate investment firm focused on commercial real estate assets, which provide attractive risk-adjusted returns and capital appreciation.  
The firm's two principals, Anthony Giordano and Harry J. Traub each have in excess of 30 years of commercial real estate experience.  Well versed in the complexities of the real estate and capital markets, the firm's investment activities focus on making opportunistic acquisitions in commercial real estate.
Elm Street Partners, LLC looks to create value from fundamentally conservative investments where preservation of capital is paramount.  We start with properties that have an attractive current cash flow and look for opportunities to enhance value.  Value-added strategies can include exploiting a financial or strategic need to sell; buying properties that would benefit from repositioning, renovation or expansion; entering into joint ventures with strategic partners; and utilizing opportunistic exit strategies when appropriate. The firm's development activities focus on accretive opportunities in strategic markets in the Northeast.
 



 




121 Park Street, New Canaan, CT 06840  (Tel) 203.801.0175


















ELM STREET PARTNERS, LLC- PORTFOLIO


















 






Search Results










































 Elm Street Partners, LLC 






HOME
INVESTMENT
PORTFOLIO
CONTACT US




 





﻿2-22 PINE STREET, NEW CANAAN, CT- a two building project totaling 19,000 sq. ft. of prime retail space 

121 PARK STREET, NEW CANAAN, CT- Firm’s office and future development site

 

8 PROGRESS DRIVE, SHELTON, CT- a 63,500 sq. ft. office building

 

ROUTES 22 & 55, PAWLING, NY- an 80 acre development site

 

60 DODGE AVENUE, NORTH HAVEN, CT - a 117,000 sq. ft. flex-office building

 

521-547 BOSTON POST Road, Orange, CT– A 38,000 sq. ft. shopping center

 

517-519 BOSTON POST ROAD, ORANGE, CT – A 19,600 sq. ft. shopping center

.

16-20 NORTH WATER STREET, GREENWICH, CT – A three-story mixed-use property

 

2897-2909 BERLIN TURNPIKE, NEWINGTON, CT- A 10,000 square foot retail property and one acre development parcel
33 PLATT ROAD, SHELTON, CT - a 126,000 square foot industrial property net leased to Sikorsky Aircraft Corp.﻿

SIX RAM RIDGE ROAD, RAMAPO (Rockland County), NY- A 100,000 square foot warehouse distribution facility.

 

 


 


 





 




121 Park Street, New Canaan, CT 06840  (Tel) 203.801.0175













 




About | ElmCreek Partners









 
















































full
banner
#666666
http://elmcreekpartners.com/wp-content/themes/smartbox-installable/
http://elmcreekpartners.com/
#26ade4
style2





























 






 









Elm Creek Partners is a Dallas, Texas based private equity firm founded in 2007 by Aaron Handler and Zach Wooldridge. Elm Creek makes controlling equity investments in middle market companies in Texas and surrounding states with proven business models, $5 – $50 million in revenue, and $2 – $8 million of EBITDA for new platforms.
 
Elm Creek partners with Talented Entrepreneurs: individuals or management teams with unique skill sets and depth of experience as well as a strong conviction about the opportunity and a desire to have meaningful ownership. The Firm seeks Niche Opportunities where an enterprise has an innovative product or approach, a large market opportunity, and the ability to outmaneuver larger participants. Evolving End Markets create opportunities when favorable industry dynamics exist or the industry is undergoing structural change. Elm Creek is able to commit resources in a fragmented market and seeks Special Situations where access to institutional capital is limited.
 
Historically, Elm Creek has found robust opportunities in the following industries:

 
Niche Manufacturing | Aerospace & Defense, Packaging Equipment, Other Engineering-led Manufacturers
 
Industrial Services | Waste, Recycling, Logistics, Testing & Monitoring, Maintenance
 
Healthcare Services | Retail-oriented Services, Behavioral & Addiction, Pediatrics, Urgent Care, Home Health
 
Transaction Processing | Non-bank Financial, Healthcare
 

Elm Creek’s principals leverage decades of experience in this market and a patient, disciplined investment style to deliver strategic guidance and focused resource allocation to its portfolio companies.























 
default
No more posts to load.
Load More Posts
Loading posts...
333333

link_magnifier
#6E787E
on
fadeInDown




#6E787E
off























Elm Funds – Intelligent Investing






































Active Index Investing®Combining the Best of Passive and Active ManagementYour AccountYour account at Fidelity, with daily liquidity & full access. $300,000 minimum. Sign up online.
EfficientGlobally diversified balanced portfolio built with select index funds and ETFs. Tax aware by design. Our 0.12% pa fee is one of the lowest in the industry.
ResponsiveA simple algorithmic approach to portfolio management. Responsive to investor sentiment and asset valuation, reducing common human biases.
Take the next stepDownload our full investor presentation or invest with us online.Learn MoreInvest With Us 
Elm Partners’ Funds are available only to accredited investors. The content of this website and related materials are not intended to solicit investment, but rather to elicit discussion and exploration of better ways to invest. The contents of this website do not comprise an offering document. Neither historical simulations nor past return performance are necessarily indicative of future returns. Elm Partners Management LLC is an investment advisor registered with the SEC. Here are the most recent copies of our Form ADV Part 1 and ADV Part 2A2B (including our Privacy Policy)




Complete the form below to receive our investor presentation.

***

Location*US InvestorNon-US Investor*

By checking this box and submitting your details, you confirm that you have read and understood our terms and conditions and you are able to receive these materials.


  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.

×
















 

    Elm Partners Portfolio LLC Rankings


















Toggle navigation





 

 
 


Toggle navigation



 
 






                    Elm Partners Portfolio LLC

                    
                                            
Claim


 


Quick Statistics:



            Current Rank:
        

           New
        



            Current Score:
        





            Current Rank:
        





            All-time Average Rank:
        

            434
        



            All-time Average Score:
        

            267
        



            Max Drawdown:
        





            Annualized Standard Deviation:
        





            Year to Date Return:
        





           5-Star Rating:
        



 

Recent Performance:



Month
HedgeRank™
Rank
Change
HedgeScore™
Score
Change
One Month Return
Return Amount
12 Month Return
5 Year Return
Total Assets




June / 2014

                434
            
 0
267
New
1.60%
Unknown
15.31


                    $197,017,347
                





Awards

This hedge fund has no awards.
 

Trophies

This hedge fund has not won any awards or trophies that we currently track. Are we missing something? 
 

Superlatives

 Elm Partners Portfolio LLC's best month
        was June 2014,
        ranked #434 with a HedgeScore of 267
                    earning a 1.60% positive return of
            $3,152,278.
 

Graphs
Assets Under Management

Monthly Return Percentage

Return on Investment




Embed Options


Options:
            Quick Stats
            
            Recent Performance
            
            Trophies
            
            Superlatives
            
            Graphs
            




 
 
 


                Obligatory disclaimer: All of our data is crawled from the web and our understanding is that all hedge fund data is self-reported, meaning the data is only as good as the discloser is honest, and we obviously can't vouch for that.
                HedgeFundRanks.com is not an investment advisor. Use our rankings at your own risk!
            
 
 







