



Emancipation Capital





















Member Login






New Member Registration




 

Home   

Team 

Technology Value Investing

Technology Value Investing
Process


For Investors    (click to sign in)

Contact

 


Copyright © 2017  Emancipation CapitalAll Rights Reserved.    Legal Disclaimer
Powered by HedgeCo Websites





"Unlocking deep value in the technology sector"

	 





					Who we are



					What we do



					Who we serve





					Founded in 2003, Emancipation Capital manages unique long/short equity and SPV funds that employ fundamental analysis to identify deep value opportunities within the technology sector.

Team



					We differentiate ourselves by finding inefficiencies among companies that have an attractive relative valuation, stable recurring revenue base, strong balance sheets, and identifiable change agents.

Technology Value Investing



					Our investor base includes a mix of institutional and high net worth individuals, many of whom have been invested with us since the Fund's 2003 inception.

					 










 



Emancipation Capital





















Member Login






New Member Registration




 

Home   

Team 

Technology Value Investing

Technology Value Investing
Process


For Investors    (click to sign in)

Contact

 


Copyright © 2017  Emancipation CapitalAll Rights Reserved.    Legal Disclaimer
Powered by HedgeCo Websites



 

Team


Charles Frumberg | Portfolio Manager and Founder

	Charles has been the Managing Member of Emancipation Capital since its inception in 2003. He has 25 years of investment experience, including 14 years of analytical, deal and investment experience at various investment banks.	Before founding Emancipation Capital, Charles was co-head of equities at SG Cowen, managing a 350-person healthcare and technology sales and research team. He also was a member of SG's merchant and venture banking committees. Prior to that he co-headed global research at UBS Securities, and led technology investments for their merchant bank. Charles also served on the UBS Management Committee for seven years.	Charles earned a BS in economics at New York University, graduating with multiple academic honors in 1979. He also attended NYU’s Stern School of Business as part of its BS/MBA program. He has been a member of the board of directors of several public and private companies. 




Christian Wallace | Equity Analyst and Trader

	Christian has been with Emancipation Capital since 2007 as an equity analyst, trader and Chief Compliance Officer.  Prior to Emancipation, he had several years experience investing in the technology sector, as well as syndicate and derivative investments.   	He joined us from SAC Capital Advisors where he was an analyst for a technology/Internet portfolio, and the firm's global syndicate desk.  Prior to that, he was a member of the derivatives market making team at GroupOne Trading on the American Stock Exchange.	In college he worked for a quantitative finance analyst on Bear Stearns' program trading desk, specializing in modeling supply/demand dynamics of rebalancing indices.  At Lehigh University he studied mechanical engineering and finance, earning a B.S. in quantitative finance with honors. 	    









 



Emancipation Capital





















Member Login






New Member Registration




 

Home   

Team 

Technology Value Investing

Technology Value Investing
Process


For Investors    (click to sign in)

Contact

 


Copyright © 2017  Emancipation CapitalAll Rights Reserved.    Legal Disclaimer
Powered by HedgeCo Websites



 
Contact

Emancipation Capital • Corporate Headquarters

	New York, New York







Address:
					Emancipation Capital
					825 Third Avenue, 33rd Floor
					New York, New York 10022

Phone:
					212-605-0661

Fax:
					212-605-0667

Email:
					Charles Frumberg cf@emancipationcapital.com

					 












 



Emancipation Capital





















Member Login






New Member Registration




 

Home   

Team 

Technology Value Investing

Technology Value Investing
Process


For Investors    (click to sign in)

Contact

 


Copyright © 2017  Emancipation CapitalAll Rights Reserved.    Legal Disclaimer
Powered by HedgeCo Websites



 

Technology Value Investing

	Emancipation Capital focuses on the technology sector and uses a value bias to find investment candidates. With our unique approach, our portfolio is differentiated from and has low correlation to other tech-centric funds. We perform bottom-up fundamental analysis with recurring revenues being the focal point.  We  apply a disciplined valuation methodology to identify both long and short investments. We use activism as a tool when opportune and will engage with company Boards directly.  We have successfully used a series of co-investment vehicles in conjunction with our Master Fund to target specific opportunities. This strategy enhances our economic leverage and influence, while protecting position limits and enhancing returns in the Master fund.

The Fund is focused on finding inefficiencies among stocks of companies that possess the following attributes:


		Deep relative valuation

		Attractive enterprise value/recurring revenue/cash flow

		Strong and liquid balance sheets

		Growing and/or consolidating sectors

		Highly concentrated and restless shareholder base

		Identifiable change agents (including Emancipation becoming activist)







 


Insider Trading - Emancipation Management LLC - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Emancipation Management LLC





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-15Purchase
2016-12-195:28 pm
Id Systems Inc
IDSY
Emancipation Management LLCEmancipation CapitalEmancipation Capital Spv Iv LLCEmancipation Capital LLCFrumberg Charles10% Owner
31,000
$5.244
$162,550
1,782,293(Indirect)
View


2016-12-08Purchase
2016-12-124:32 pm
Id Systems Inc
IDSY
Emancipation Management LLCEmancipation CapitalEmancipation Capital Spv Iv LLCEmancipation Capital LLCFrumberg Charles10% Owner
20,600
$5.113
$105,324
1,751,293(Indirect)
View


2016-11-18Purchase
2016-11-215:21 pm
Id Systems Inc
IDSY
Emancipation Management LLCEmancipation CapitalEmancipation Capital Spv Iv LLCEmancipation Capital LLCFrumberg Charles10% Owner
11,600
$4.871
$56,504
1,730,693(Indirect)
View


2016-11-10Purchase
2016-11-154:25 pm
Id Systems Inc
IDSY
Emancipation Management LLCEmancipation CapitalEmancipation Capital Spv Iv LLCEmancipation Capital LLCFrumberg Charles10% Owner
88,183
$4.915
$433,428
1,719,093(Indirect)
View


2016-10-17Purchase
2016-10-195:51 pm
Id Systems Inc
IDSY
Emancipation Management LLCEmancipation CapitalEmancipation Capital Spv Iv LLCEmancipation Capital LLCFrumberg Charles10% Owner
2,625
$5.107
$13,405
1,630,910(Indirect)
View


2016-10-12Purchase
2016-10-147:05 pm
Id Systems Inc
IDSY
Emancipation Management LLCEmancipation CapitalEmancipation Capital Spv Iv LLCEmancipation Capital LLCFrumberg Charles10% Owner
12,300
$5.114
$62,907
1,628,285(Indirect)
View


2016-10-07Purchase
2016-10-114:55 pm
Id Systems Inc
IDSY
Emancipation Management LLCEmancipation CapitalEmancipation Capital Spv Iv LLCEmancipation Capital LLCFrumberg Charles10% Owner
50,000
$5.15
$257,500
1,615,985(Indirect)
View


2016-10-04Purchase
2016-10-065:36 pm
Id Systems Inc
IDSY
Emancipation Management LLCEmancipation CapitalEmancipation Capital Spv Iv LLCEmancipation Capital LLCFrumberg Charles10% Owner
1,803
$5.02
$9,051
1,565,985(Indirect)
View










    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 11:11:32 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










Emancipation Capital LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 28, 2017 12:11 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Emancipation Capital LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Emancipation Capital LLC is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets. The firm invests in value stocks to create its equity portfolio. It employs fundamental analysis and uses long/short to make its investments. The firm obtains external research to create its portfolio. It invests in the technology sector. Emancipation Capital LLC is based in New York.


825 Third Avenue33rd FloorNew York, NY 10022-7519United States



Phone: 212-605-0661

Fax: 212-605-0667

www.emancipationcapital.com







Key Executives for Emancipation Capital LLC




Mr. Charles Iver Frumberg


      	Founder, Managing Member, and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Christian Michael Wallace


      	Chief Compliance Officer, Equity Analyst, and Trader
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Emancipation Capital LLC, please visit www.emancipationcapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Emancipation Capital





















Member Login






New Member Registration




 

Home   

Team 

Technology Value Investing

Technology Value Investing
Process


For Investors    (click to sign in)

Contact

 


Copyright © 2017  Emancipation CapitalAll Rights Reserved.    Legal Disclaimer
Powered by HedgeCo Websites



 

Register
Register on our website to access our password-protected Product section.  Our team will review your registration and respond shortly.


Please Fill in the required fields




Contact Information Please input your contact information below.


																		Title
												

- Mr.
Mrs.
Dr.
Prof.




										 					First Name
										




										 					Last Name
										





										 					Company Name
										




										 					Position
										




										 					Website
										




										 					Email
										




										 					Street Address
										




										 					City
										




										 					State
										




										 					Postal Code
										




																		Country
												

Please select a Country Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
CapeVerde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
CookIslands
Costa Rica
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
EastTimor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
FalklandIslands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France,Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Great Britain (UK)
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
HongKong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea (North)
Korea (South)
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




										 					Phone
										




										 					Fax
										




Account Information Please enter your username and password below. This information will be emailed to you after your registration has been submitted.


										 					Username
										




															Password
															




															Password Repeat
															




Additional Information Please fill in the required areas below.


																		Are you registering on behalf of yourself?
																		


Yes

No



										 					If no, please provide the organization name:
										




																		Do you or your organization invest in hedge funds?
																		


Yes

No



																		What is the size of your portfolio?
												

None
Less than 1 Million
1-5 Million
6-10 Million
11-50 Million
51-100 Million
101-500 Million
500 Million - 1 Billion
1-5 Billion
5-10 Billion
More than 10 Billion




																		What is the size of your hedge fund portfolio?
												

None
Less than 1 Million
1-5 Million
6-10 Million
11-50 Million
51-100 Million
101-500 Million
500 Million - 1 Billion
1-5 Billion
5-10 Billion
More than 10 Billion




																		How many funds are you currently invested in?
												

None
1-2
3-5
6-10
10+



What is the typical investment size?



										 					Initial
										




										 					Core
										




																		Please choose the option that best describes you.
												

Please select an option  Managed Account Candidate 
 Investor (existing or potential) 
 Service Provider 
 Other 




																		What type of fund are you currently looking for?
												

Aggressive Growth
Convertible Arbitrage
Country Specific
CTA
Distressed
Emerging Markets
Energy Sector
Event Driven
Finance Sector
Fixed Income
Fixed Income Arbitrage
Fund of Funds
Healthcare Sector
Long Only
Long/Short Hedged
Macro
Market Neutral
Market Neutral Equity
Market Timer
Opportunistic
Options Arbitrage
Options Strategies
Other
Other Relative Value
Regulation D
Risk Arbitrage
Short Bias
Short-term Trading
Small/Micro Cap
Special Situations
Statistical Arbitrage
Technology Sector
Value
VC / Private Equity




Accredited Investor


I hereby certify that I am a accredited investor in accordance with Rule 501(a) of Regulation D, in that (please select one)
 




								A business in which all the equity owners are accredited investors 							
 




								A natural person who has individual net worth, or joint net worth with the persons spouse, that exceeds $1 million at the time of the purchase 							
 




								A natural person with an individual income in excess of $200,000 or in excess of $300,000 with his or her spouse in each of the two most recent years and who has a reasonable expectation of an income in excess of $200,000 individually or in excess of $300,000 with his or her spouse in the current year 							
 




								A bank, insurance company, registered investment company, business development company, or small business investment company 							
 




								A trust with assets in excess of $5 million, not formed to acquire the securities offered, whose purchases a sophisticated person makes 							
 




								A charitable organization, corporation, or partnership with assets exceeding $5 million 							
 




								An employee benefit plan, within the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, if a bank, insurance company, or registered investment adviser makes the investment decisions, or if the plan has total assets in excess of $5 million 							




Terms of Use


	All persons using the Emancipation Capital website ("Site") expressly agree to the foregoing disclaimer as a pre-condition to using this Site for any purpose whatsoever. The materials on the Site including, without limitation, news articles, informational materials and all other manager-specific information, have been prepared for informational purposes only and do not constitute financial, legal, tax or any other advice. All information contained herein is provided "as is" and Emancipation Capital expressly disclaims making any express or implied warranties with respect to the fitness of the information contained herein for any particular usage, its merchantability or its application or purpose. Prior to making any investment or hiring any investment manager you should consult with a professional financial advisor, legal and tax advisor to assist in due diligence as may be appropriate and determining the appropriateness of the risk associated with a particular investment. In no event shall Emancipation Capital be responsible or liable for the correctness of any such material or for any damage or lost opportunities resulting from use of this data.

	By accessing the password-protected area of this site, you agree not to invest in any posted hedge fund or alternative investment vehicle (other than hedge funds or alternative investment vehicles in which you or your affiliates are already invested, have already been solicited for or are already actively considering an investment in) for thirty (30) days after the approval of your application. Emancipation Capital reserves the right to terminate, at any time, any registered user's account with Emancipation Capital (as well as access to the latter's web site), without giving notice or a reason for such termination to the user.

	Additionally, by accessing the password-protected area of this site, you agree to immediately contact Emancipation Capital if there is any change in your status as an "accredited investor" under Regulation D promulgated under Securities Act of 1933. For individuals such changes may include, for example, a registered user's net worth declining below $1,000,000, an expectation that income for the next twelve months may total less than $200,000, or an expectation that the registered user's combined income with his or her spouse may total less than $300,000 in the next twelve months All registered users, including individuals and entities, should communicate with their legal advisors if they believe that their status as an accredited investor has changed. If a registered user's status as an accredited investor has changed, such registered user agrees to immediately notify Emancipation Capital of such change. Nothing in this Site may be considered as an offer or solicitation to purchase or sell securities or other services. If any provision in this Disclaimer Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect.

	Users of the Emancipation Capital website may view, download and print information and materials on this Site for its personal and internal business use provided that all hard copies contain all copyright and other applicable notices. All users may not reproduce, modify, copy, alter in any way, distribute, sell, resell, transmit, transfer, license, assign or publish any information obtained from this Site. Registered User shall not use this site at any time for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited and shall comply with any applicable local, state, national or international laws or regulations when using this Site.

	Emancipation Capital, and the logos and marks included on the Emancipation Capital site that identify Emancipation Capital services and products are proprietary materials. The use of such terms and logos and marks without the express written consent of Emancipation Capital is strictly prohibited. Copyright in the pages and in the screens of the Site, and in the information and material therein, is proprietary material owned by Emancipation Capital unless otherwise indicated. The unauthorized use of any material on the Emancipation Capital website may violate numerous statutes, regulations and laws, including, but not limited to, copyright, trademark, trade secret or patent laws.






 I understand and accept the terms of use








 















Charlie Frumberg, Emancipation Management | HedgeCoVest - Online Hedge Fund Investment Platform
















































Skip to main content






Skip to main content











RIA Menu (Superfish)

Request DemoDownload BrochureLog In 

 
 






 



New Main Menu

HomeWhat We DoServicesCustomized Portfolio SolutionsComprehensive ReportingCustodial RelationshipsDue DiligenceHow It WorksTechnologyFeesAbout UsLeadership TeamTimelineResourcesBlogFAQsHedgeCoVest In The NewsContact UsCustomer Service 





Menu



 
 







Who We Are
What We Do
Why HedgeCoVest?Individual Investors
Registered Investment Advisors
Family Offices

Resources
Login
 

 










Home / 
Articles


Charlie Frumberg, Emancipation Management



            March 26th, 2015          












Charlie Frumberg, Emancipation Management




Emancipation Management, LLC is an SEC registered New York based investment manager, formed in June 2003. The company has a 10 year track record of identifying public companies within the technology sector that possess valuable franchises which are mispriced by the market. Emancipation has been successful in effecting board or management change, identifying necessary expense reductions, improving inefficient capital structures, and/or initiating a sale process. We were able to sit down with portfolio manager and founder Charlie Frumberg recently to discuss the company’s ideologies.
HedgeCoVest: Welcome Charlie. Thanks for taking the time to sit down with us.
Charlie Frumberg: You’re welcome, happy to do it.
HedgeCoVest: Looking at the overview for the Emancipation Long/Short Equity model on the HedgeCoVest platform, the first thing that jumped out at me was the fact that you are focused on the tech sector. If you would, describe the investment philosophy you use to invest in the tech sector.
CF: We believe that there are inefficiencies inherent in the tech sector where investors overlook certain stocks. We look for businesses that stay within strict parameters. The things we are looking for are enterprise value, recurring revenues and EBITDA or cash flow. Stocks go through phases where they are sought after because they are considered a growth stock and then eventually the money flowing in and out of the stock, not the company, starts to change. Perhaps it is being reclassified into a value stock. When these shifts occur, the valuations change and they create pricing inefficiencies.
HedgeCoVest: It sounds like you see the investors changing as the stock moves out of the growth phase and in to a value phase which changes how investors perceive the stock.
CF: That is exactly right. As the company matures and moves out of the growth stock classification, there seems to be a period where they don’t attract growth investors or value investors.
HedgeCoVest: I would think as a stock gets reclassified like this, it would create a lot of institutional trading. A growth oriented mutual fund isn’t interested in the stock anymore and it isn’t on the radar of the value oriented mutual funds yet either. Doesn’t that wreak havoc on the valuations and money flows from institutions?
CF: It does and that is why we tend to shy away from the turmoil. We want to wait until the dust settles and then evaluate the company using the items we talked about before- enterprise value, recurring revenue and cash flow.
HedgeCoVest: Can you give me an example of a stock that has gone through the phases?
CF: Microsoft is a great example. It was considered a growth stock in the late 90s and it had returns to fit. Then from 2001 until 2007, the stock moved sideways for the most part. It dipped with the overall market in 2008. It was now classified more as a value stock, but from the bottom in 2009 until recently, the stock tripled in value. The company is a mature business now and it attracts a different group of investors.
HedgeCoVest: I would think Apple would fit this scenario as well.
CF:  Absolutely. We have invested in Apple several times over the years and taken gains each time. The stock was languishing for the first four years of this century as it was considered a value stock, but then with the iPods, iPhones and iPads being so successful, the stock went back in to the growth stock classification and it has gone up 10-fold in the last six or seven years. And that reclassification is something we look for. We asked ourselves, can the stock get reclassified?
HedgeCoVest: It sounds like almost all of your analysis is based on fundamental analysis, is that accurate?
CF:  We look at everything, but the core of what we do is definitely centered around fundamental analysis.
HedgeCoVest: It sounds like you using the fundamentals to decide what to buy and then using technical analysis as a way to determine WHEN to buy. Am I interpreting that right?
CF: That’s a fair way of putting it. We try to be market agnostic in an informed way. We are driven mainly by the number of candidates that appear on our screens. That in turn forms our overall market opinion. If we see a huge list of stocks that meet our criteria which are pretty strict, it usually is a sign that the market is undervalued. Conversely, if we see very few names on our screens, it is likely that we are hitting a top or that a rally is losing its steam.
HedgeCoVest: So in March 2009, I assume you were seeing lots of names on your bullish screens whereas right now, after six years of a bull market, I am guessing you aren’t seeing as many names on the list.
CF: That’s a great point. 2009 is a great example for us. We made it through 2008 alive, and in the early part of 2009, it reminded me of the shift in 2002-2003 when there were so many stocks on our bullish list that it seemed like it was raining stocks. We re-ordered the entire book in early 2009 and became very long biased. It turned out to be our best year ever. Your example is a very good one and a very relevant one to us. Now, in markets that are rising, the average can sometimes mask a lot of damage underneath. But what we have found in the last run here is that there has been a lot of injected capital and liquidity looking for a home. There are still lots of names that meet our criteria, they just aren’t the best performing names at this time. The indices are a little top heavy right now. But there are value opportunities out there.
HedgeCoVest: Is there a market environment that you feel the strategy is less effective or will underperform the overall market?
CF: Purely go-go markets where investors will pay anything for growth. Multiples don’t matter, cash flows don’t matter. The late 90s is the type of market where we are most likely to lag or the most difficult type of market for us.
HedgeCoVest: What does the typical construction of the portfolio look like?
CF: We are generally looking at 20-25 names in the long book. In the long portfolio we will have a higher concentration in our top five ideas or our core holdings and the rest would divided out pretty evenly among the other 15-20 names. And we do limit the exposure to one stock or idea to 15%. In the short book we typically carry 12-15 names in there with the average allocation being 1-3% on average.
HedgeCoVest: If your screens are showing few names are meeting your criteria for going long, or the potential for a bearish swing in the market, would you increase the allocations to the bearish names?
CF: No, we would keep them in the 1-3% range, we would just add more names to increase the short exposure as a whole.
HedgeCoVest:  What do you see as the strengths of the strategy?
CF: It is non-correlated to the overall market because we tend to invest in lower beta stocks. These lower beta stocks tend to hold up better in a down market. I think another strength is that we are unique in the way we invest in the tech sector. Most tech funds are looking for growth stocks where we are looking for value stocks within the sector and that makes for a very unique portfolio.
HedgeCoVest: What do you see as the weaknesses?
CF: Like I said before, we aren’t going to perform as well in real go-go market. Lower beta stocks are not going to move up as much as high beta or growth-type stocks.
HedgeCoVest: Are you more heavily invested in large cap names as the result of looking for stocks that have matured from the growth phase to the value phase?
CF: Originally we found most of our opportunities in the small-cap area. Over time, we were finding as many opportunities in the mid-cap and large-cap realms. Today the holdings could be from any of the three categories, but the majority are still in the small and mid-cap areas.
HedgeCoVest: How often is the portfolio rolled over?
CF: On an annual basis it is probably right around 100%, but the breakdowns are very different. We roll over the short book far more frequently than the long book. Within the long book we have the core holdings and then we have the non-core holdings. The non-core holdings are rolled over more than the core holdings, but not as often as the short positions. So if you ordered them from most actively traded to least actively traded, it would be short book, non-core holdings then core holdings.
HedgeCoVest: I just have one more question for you. What was it that made you join the HedgeCoVest platform?
CF: Like most managers, we were looking for new revenue streams and we felt like HedgeCoVest was a good opportunity for that. It also gives us a mean of reaching investors that we couldn’t previously. We also liked the uniqueness of the idea of HedgeCoVest. There isn’t anything else out there like it.
HedgeCoVest: We think it is unique as well and it is revolutionary. Charlie, we thank you for your time.
Sign Up!









  
  
   

 

 




Recent Articles



  
 Jul 
 13 
 


FinTech Revolutionizing Managed Accounts - Part 4

 

 Jul 
 6 
 


How Fintech is revolutionizing managed accounts - Part 3

 

 Jul 
 6 
 


How Fintech is revolutionizing managed accounts - Part 2

 

 Jul 
 6 
 


How Fintech is revolutionizing managed accounts - Part 1

 

 Apr 
 10 
 


Debunking myths about alternatives

 
 
 



HedgeCoVest on Facebook













 



Investor Sign Up


Individual




 
 








 






Emancipation Capital





















Member Login






New Member Registration




 

Home   

Team 

Technology Value Investing

Technology Value Investing
Process


For Investors    (click to sign in)

Contact

 


Copyright © 2017  Emancipation CapitalAll Rights Reserved.    Legal Disclaimer
Powered by HedgeCo Websites



 

Team


Charles Frumberg | Portfolio Manager and Founder

	Charles has been the Managing Member of Emancipation Capital since its inception in 2003. He has 25 years of investment experience, including 14 years of analytical, deal and investment experience at various investment banks.	Before founding Emancipation Capital, Charles was co-head of equities at SG Cowen, managing a 350-person healthcare and technology sales and research team. He also was a member of SG's merchant and venture banking committees. Prior to that he co-headed global research at UBS Securities, and led technology investments for their merchant bank. Charles also served on the UBS Management Committee for seven years.	Charles earned a BS in economics at New York University, graduating with multiple academic honors in 1979. He also attended NYU’s Stern School of Business as part of its BS/MBA program. He has been a member of the board of directors of several public and private companies. 




Christian Wallace | Equity Analyst and Trader

	Christian has been with Emancipation Capital since 2007 as an equity analyst, trader and Chief Compliance Officer.  Prior to Emancipation, he had several years experience investing in the technology sector, as well as syndicate and derivative investments.   	He joined us from SAC Capital Advisors where he was an analyst for a technology/Internet portfolio, and the firm's global syndicate desk.  Prior to that, he was a member of the derivatives market making team at GroupOne Trading on the American Stock Exchange.	In college he worked for a quantitative finance analyst on Bear Stearns' program trading desk, specializing in modeling supply/demand dynamics of rebalancing indices.  At Lehigh University he studied mechanical engineering and finance, earning a B.S. in quantitative finance with honors. 	    









 
EMANCIPATION MANAGEMENT Jobs | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.EMANCIPATION MANAGEMENTKeywordLocation JobsJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchView Allnum of numClose (Esc) EMANCIPATION MANAGEMENT Logo EMANCIPATION MANAGEMENT Logo EMANCIPATION MANAGEMENT Is this your company?Overview Overview -- Reviews -- Jobs 1 Salaries -- Inter­views -- Benefits -- PhotosFollowAdd a ReviewFollowAdd a ReviewEMANCIPATION MANAGEMENT Jobs Hiring? Post a JobAre you hiring for EMANCIPATION MANAGEMENT LLC?Post your job listing on Glassdoor to a community of over 20-million career-minded candidates.Post a JobJobs > EMANCIPATION MANAGEMENT Updated Jul 28, 2017Don't Miss Out On a Job You LoveUpload a resume to easily apply to jobs from anywhere. It's simple to set up.CloseOutline of two peoples' headsWork in HR or Marketing?Grow your employer brandGet a free employer accountCompanies to Explore Company BenefitsDoctor's valiseThere are currently no benefit reviews for this company.Add Benefits Review Related Job SearchReceptionist jobsReceptionist salaries ($24k)Dental Assistant jobsDental Assistant salaries ($28k)Medical Assistant jobsMedical Assistant salaries ($29k)Healthcare jobsHealthcare salaries ($47k)Human Resource jobsHuman Resource salaries ($55k)Accountant jobsAccountant salaries ($50k)Graphic Designer jobsGraphic Designer salaries ($43k)Pharmaceutical Sales jobsPharmaceutical Sales salaries ($70k)Registered Nurse jobsRegistered Nurse salaries ($59k)Hospitality jobsHospitality salaries ($21k)Account Executive jobsAccount Executive salaries ($47k)Engineering jobsEngineering salaries ($75k) Email me jobs for:Your Job Alert was created!Taking you to the job you clicked earlier...Enter companyEnter job titleeditEnter locationEnter your email addressCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailClose



Emancipation Capital





















Member Login






New Member Registration




 

Home   

Team 

Technology Value Investing

Technology Value Investing
Process


For Investors    (click to sign in)

Contact

 


Copyright © 2017  Emancipation CapitalAll Rights Reserved.    Legal Disclaimer
Powered by HedgeCo Websites



 

Investment Process


		The linchpin of our process is our rigorous approach to risk management based on the fundamental tenet that preservation of capital is our first priority. We align our interests with those of our clients by investing our own capital alongside those we serve.

		Our investment process is anchored by four time-tested cornerstones:

Idea Generation

		We begin by using the breadth and depth of our industry-specific knowledge, alongside our many relationships to identify out-of-favor companies with potential catalysts for transformational change. Potential investment opportunities are found by using various value screens derived from our many years of sector specialization. Our search focuses on evaluating companies based on recurring revenues, strong cash flows, strategic importance, management team and balance sheet quality. This approach enables us to seek quality investments with attractive asymmetric risk/reward characteristics.

Independent Analysis

		Our bottom-up investment approach consists of several interlocking pieces of fundamental research and analysis. Each potential investment opportunity undergoes extensive analysis of the quality of its recurring revenue base, earnings power, financial condition, and valuation given the current and projected outlook. A strategic competitive analysis is performed to understand the company’s strengths and weaknesses, with potential catalysts/events that may unlock shareholder value identified. 

		We meet with management teams, board members, industry contacts and consultants throughout the research process and constantly reevaluate our analysis. Both the upside and downside return scenarios are modeled to fully understand the risks associated with the investment. 

Investment Discussion

		Each investment opportunity is scrutinized by the team, with a sharp focus on downside risk. We consistently ask the question, “How low can it go?”, and a “Devil’s Advocate” test is always performed to understand the risks. Optimal entry points are established after upside and downside risk targets are determined. Position sizing varies upon conviction level.

Position and Portfolio Management

		The portfolio is constantly monitored for developments that might create opportunistic trading. Comprehensive risk analysis is done that closely follows volatility, liquidity, industry exposure, incremental value at risk, correlation and beta. Diligent re-evaluations of each position can lead to adding, trimming, or exiting a stock depending on the fundamental change to the investment over time.







 



Emancipation Capital





















Member Login






New Member Registration




 

Home   

Team 

Technology Value Investing

Technology Value Investing
Process


For Investors    (click to sign in)

Contact

 


Copyright © 2017  Emancipation CapitalAll Rights Reserved.    Legal Disclaimer
Powered by HedgeCo Websites



 

Legal Disclaimer

	All persons using the Emancipation Capital website ("Site") expressly agree to the foregoing disclaimer as a pre-condition to using this Site for any purpose whatsoever. The materials on the Site including, without limitation, news articles, informational materials and all other manager-specific information, have been prepared for informational purposes only and do not constitute financial, legal, tax or any other advice. All information contained herein is provided "as is" and Emancipation Capital expressly disclaims making any express or implied warranties with respect to the fitness of the information contained herein for any particular usage, its merchantability or its application or purpose. Prior to making any investment or hiring any investment manager you should consult with a professional financial advisor, legal and tax advisor to assist in due diligence as may be appropriate and determining the appropriateness of the risk associated with a particular investment. In no event shall Emancipation Capital be responsible or liable for the correctness of any such material or for any damage or lost opportunities resulting from use of this data.

	By accessing the password-protected area of this site, you agree not to invest in any posted hedge fund or alternative investment vehicle (other than hedge funds or alternative investment vehicles in which you or your affiliates are already invested, have already been solicited for or are already actively considering an investment in) for thirty (30) days after the approval of your application. Emancipation Capital reserves the right to terminate, at any time, any registered user's account with Emancipation Capital (as well as access to the latter's web site), without giving notice or a reason for such termination to the user.

	Additionally, by accessing the password-protected area of this site, you agree to immediately contact Emancipation Capital if there is any change in your status as an "accredited investor" under Regulation D promulgated under Securities Act of 1933. For individuals such changes may include, for example, a registered user's net worth declining below $1,000,000, an expectation that income for the next twelve months may total less than $200,000, or an expectation that the registered user's combined income with his or her spouse may total less than $300,000 in the next twelve months All registered users, including individuals and entities, should communicate with their legal advisors if they believe that their status as an accredited investor has changed. If a registered user's status as an accredited investor has changed, such registered user agrees to immediately notify Emancipation Capital of such change. Nothing in this Site may be considered as an offer or solicitation to purchase or sell securities or other services. If any provision in this Disclaimer Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect.

	Users of the Emancipation Capital website may view, download and print information and materials on this Site for its personal and internal business use provided that all hard copies contain all copyright and other applicable notices. All users may not reproduce, modify, copy, alter in any way, distribute, sell, resell, transmit, transfer, license, assign or publish any information obtained from this Site. Registered User shall not use this site at any time for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited and shall comply with any applicable local, state, national or international laws or regulations when using this Site.

	Emancipation Capital, and the logos and marks included on the Emancipation Capital site that identify Emancipation Capital services and products are proprietary materials. The use of such terms and logos and marks without the express written consent of Emancipation Capital is strictly prohibited. Copyright in the pages and in the screens of the Site, and in the information and material therein, is proprietary material owned by Emancipation Capital unless otherwise indicated. The unauthorized use of any material on the Emancipation Capital website may violate numerous statutes, regulations and laws, including, but not limited to, copyright, trademark, trade secret or patent laws.






 


EMANCIPATION MANAGEMENT LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      EMANCIPATION MANAGEMENT LLC
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Emancipation Management is based out of New York.   Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $67,088,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 70.61%. Emancipation Management's largest holding is I.D. Systems, Inc. with shares held of 1,893,848.   WhaleWisdom has at least 8 13Fs and  19 13D/G filings in our database for Emancipation Management.  The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2010-03-10. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 1



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from EMANCIPATION MANAGEMENT LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


NVGS
        
        Navigator Holdings PLC
4.252%



OOMA
        
        Ooma Inc
2.778%



GPRKF
        
        GEOPARK LIMITED
2.354%



IDSY
        
        I.D. Systems, Inc.
2.073%



SHOR
        
        ShoreTel Inc
1.467%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


RST
         
         Rosetta Stone, Inc.
2.149%


SSNI
         
         Silver Spring Netwo...
1.74%


VG
         
         Vonage Holdings Corp.
1.634%


TRNS
         
         Transcat, Inc.
1.585%


NMRX
         
         Numerex Corp. (PA),...
1.538%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


IDSY
                                                  
                                                  I.D. Systems, Inc.
17.8691%


TRNS
                                                  
                                                  Transcat, Inc.
15.9492%


NVGS
                                                  
                                                  Navigator Holdings PLC
15.736%


BV
                                                  
                                                  Bazaarvoice Inc
4.3137%


CELG
                                                  
                                                  Celgene Corp.
3.1153%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $67.088 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $61.155 Million
New Purchases5 stocks
Additional Purchases8 stocks
Sold out of5 stocks
Reduced holdings in20 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %70.61%
Turnover %
                        [1]:24.39%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:14.42%
Time Held Top20:2.85 quarters
Time Held Top10:3.10 quarters
Time Held All:4.98 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for EMANCIPATION MANAGEMENT LLC






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
4.39%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
11.91%





Performance Metrics
Stats are not available for the latest quarter














Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export








Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2010-03-10
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
34,100,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




CHARLES I  FRUMBERG

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free



























EMANCIPATION MANAGEMENT LLC - NEW YORK, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



NEW YORK



Management Services



Management Services



                            EMANCIPATION MANAGEMENT LLC
                                    



 





















E 


EMANCIPATION MANAGEMENT LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



825 3RD AVE RM 3300 NEW YORK, NY 10022
Get Directions



(212) 626-2370





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $99,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Services
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Emancipation Management Llc was founded in 2010, and is located at 825 3rd Ave Rm 3300 in New York. It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $99,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







E

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.















Glassdoor Job Search | Find the job that fits your lifeGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Find the job that fits your lifeKeywordLocation JobsJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchUpload Your ResumeHiring? Post a Job for FreeNEW!Who are the Highest Rated CEOs in 2017?  See the winnersHighest Rated CEOs 2017 See the winnersMillions of jobs. Find the one that’s right for you.Search all the open positions on the web. Read company reviews and ratings. Set up job alerts and apply directly from your phone. Everything you need, all at your fingertips.Download AppMillions of jobs.  Find the one that’s right for you.Search all the open positions on the web. Get your own personalized salary estimate. Read reviews on over 600,000 companies worldwide. The right job is out there. Use Glassdoor to find it.Search JobsJob alerts and push notifications.All the newest jobs sent right to your phone as soon as they’re posted. Let Glassdoor do the work. Customize alerts based on what matters most to you for personalized results.Search JobsEasy filters.  Search by what matters to you.Big paycheck. Small company. Short commute. Whatever matters to you, find it here. Browse all the jobs by location, company rating and salary range in one easy view.Search JobsSearch jobs. Save your favorites. Apply in one click.Search millions of jobs and save the ones you like. See which jobs got posted today based on your preferences. Apply directly from your phone in one click.Download AppDaily job alerts. Don’t miss a thing.Let Glassdoor do the work. Get all the newest jobs sent right to your inbox. Customize alert emails based on what matters most to you for personalized results.Create Job AlertPreviousNextHire the right people.Find them here.Advertise your jobs and promote your employer brand to the candidates you want.Post open positions across web, mobile, and emailTell your company story to the candidates researching youFlexible packages based on your budgetGet a Free Employer AccountWhat's New at GlassdoorAre You Paid Fairly? See Your Market Worth in SecondsReceive a custom salary estimate based on your title, company, location, and experience.Get Your Estimate20 Companies Hiring Like Crazy in July With positions spanning industries from tech to construction and beyond, there’s something for everyone.Read ArticleGlassdoor's Employees' Choice Awards 2017Glassdoor's annual Employees' Choice Awards honor the Best Places to Work across North America and parts of Europe.See the 2017 List“ I just got a job that I applied for via Glassdoor! I used the site all the time during my job hunt.”KateWashington, DCPopular SearchesRetail JobsMarketing JobsSales JobsEngineering JobsPublic Health JobsMoreEducation JobsOil JobsHealthcare JobsCustomer Service JobsIntern JobsPart Time JobsFinance JobsConstruction JobsIT JobsNursing JobsPublic Health JobsPharmacy JobsBusiness Administration JobsEntry Level JobsAdministrative JobsBanking JobsHuman Resources JobsLegal JobsManufacturing JobsMore JobsLessJobsDermatologist JobsAdministrative Assistant JobsClerical JobsReceptionist JobsProject Manager JobsMoreGraphic Designer JobsExecutive Assistant JobsMedical Assistant JobsAttorney JobsAccountant JobsPharmacist JobsData Entry JobsNurse Practitioner JobsPhlebotomist JobsManager JobsBusiness Analyst JobsCall Center Representative JobsSoftware Engineer JobsDelivery Driver JobsRegistered Nurse JobsSales Manager JobsDirector JobsDoctor JobsPetroleum Engineer JobsMore JobsLessBrowse by CityNew York JobsChicago JobsHouston JobsLos Angeles JobsAtlanta JobsMoreDallas JobsSan Francisco JobsWashington JobsBoston JobsSeattle JobsPhiladelphia JobsSan Diego JobsDenver JobsPhoenix JobsAustin JobsCharlotte JobsOrlando JobsMiami JobsSan Antonio JobsTampa JobsLas Vegas JobsSaint Louis JobsSan Jose JobsRaleigh JobsMore CitiesLessSalariesPharmacist SalariesPhysical Therapist SalariesAnesthesiologist SalariesDental Hygienist SalariesMedical Assistant SalariesMoreDental Assistant SalariesDentist SalariesFlight Attendant SalariesNurse Practitioner SalariesNurse SalariesPhysician Assistant SalariesRadiologist SalariesRN SalariesAccountant SalariesCNA SalariesEMT SalariesLawyer SalariesTeacher SalariesArchitect SalariesFirefighter SalariesParalegal SalariesPediatrician SalariesPharmacy Technician SalariesSoftware Engineer SalariesSalary CalculatorLess We're sorry...you are not eligible to have an account. The information you submitted does not meet the requirements of our Privacy Policy You have successfully deleted your account.










EMANCIPATION MANAGEMENT LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






EMANCIPATION MANAGEMENT LLC






825 THIRD AVENUE, NEW YORK,  New York, 10022, (212) 605-0661


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
46


New Positions
5


Increased Positions
13


Decreased Positions
25


Positions with Activity
38


Sold Out Positions
5


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
68



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
14.64%


Basic Materials



Industrials
40.7%


Consumer Cyclicals
3.02%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
1.03%


Financials
4.54%


Healthcare
4.62%


Technology
25.21%


Telecommunication Services
4.17%


Utilities










Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






46 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



I D SYSTEMS INC
COM
13,181
776
6.26
1,893,848


TRANSCAT INC
COM
11,994
-964
(7.44)
919,108


NAVIGATOR HOLDINGS LTD
SHS
8,023
131
1.66
767,758


BAZAARVOICE INC
COM
3,197
1,083
51.26
673,019


CELGENE CORP
COM
2,254

New
16,800


GUIDANCE SOFTWARE INC
COM
2,168
-134
(5.81)
306,649


VONAGE HLDGS CORP
COM
2,037
-676
(24.92)
297,400


GREAT LAKES DREDGE & DOCK CORP
COM
2,032
168
8.99
501,785


LIVEPERSON INC
COM
1,705
-687
(28.72)
126,322


OOMA INC
COM
1,601
1,601
New
187,293


GEOPARK LTD
USD SHS
1,418
1,418
New
219,919


PROSHARES TR
ULTRAPRO SHORT S
1,295
-81
(5.86)
88,300


SHORETEL INC
COM
1,200
1,200
New
160,000


ITERIS INC
COM
1,096
1,096
New
175,128


UNITED STATES LIME & MINERALS
COM
996
-626
(38.59)
12,272


NORTH EUROPEAN OIL RTY TR
SH BEN INT
954
466
95.59
155,100


COMPUTER TASK GROUP INC
COM
910
-74
(7.49)
163,000


YUME INC
COM
889
-257
(22.43)
204,841


NETGEAR INC
COM
838
838
New
17,000


ECO STIM ENERGY SOLUTIONS INC
COM
812
-22
(2.59)
596,828




<< first< previous123next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Mercer International Inc. to Present at Upcoming Jefferies 2017 Industrials Conference
                        



	                    12:00PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            MediWound to Host Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call on August 3, 2017 at 8:30 a
                        



	                    12:00PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Kors needs to buckle down for Jimmy Choo deal to shine
                        



	                    11:58AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            VINCI : 2017 half-year financial report
                        



	                    11:48AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Gatx Corporation Announces Quarterly Dividend
                        



	                    11:42AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































