





									Ember Technologies Announces $8.5 Million in Funding |
									Newswire
			






































 




Ember Technologies Announces $8.5 Million in Funding

							Top Business Moguls, Celebrities, and Music Industry Leaders Sign On to Bring the World's First Temperature-Controlled Smart Mug to Market						


Press Release
-


									updated: Dec 13, 2016							

 





			Westlake Village, CA, 
			December 13, 2016			(Newswire.com) -
	Ember Technologies, the company that exists to make the simple act of eating and drinking more gratifying through temperature control, announces $8.5 million of funding to date. Its flagship product, available in select Starbucks stores, online at www.Starbucks.com/shop and at www.EmberTech.com, is the only temperature adjustable mug that keeps coffee or tea at a consistent temperature.
Ember, which will forever revolutionize the way people enjoy their hot beverages, has caught the eye of leaders across industries. Ember’s long list of investors includes CEOs, CFOs, attorneys, bankers, professional athletes, producers, directors, and musicians. Singers/songwriters Demi Lovato, Joe Jonas, and Nick Jonas have signed onto the venture, along with Alex Pall and Drew Taggart of The Chainsmokers, NFL players Ndamukong Suh and Prince Amukamara, and Former MLB pitcher Ted Lilly to name a few. Available today at both Starbucks stores and online, consumers are now able to experience what these gurus have known all along.
“I chose to invest in Ember because the idea is so simple, yet so big,” said multi-platinum, Grammy nominated singer and songwriter, Demi Lovato. “Ember lets coffee lovers like me customize my drinking temperature and then keeps it there so every sip is perfect.  And the best part is… Coffee is just the beginning.  The future product roadmap is amazing.”

Ember lets coffee lovers like me customize my drinking temperature and then keeps it there so every sip is perfect. 


				Demi Lovato,
		Multi-platinum, Grammy nominated singer and songwriter		
		
	


Ember’s patented temperature-control technology combines a phase change cooling system with an active heating system, creating the world’s most precise temperature controlled mug. Rather than pouring too-hot-to-drink coffee into a paper cup or travel mug, then impatiently waiting until the temperature falls to a comfortable drinking level (and soon thereafter, to an unpleasant lukewarm), Ember will rapidly cool your hot coffee or tea down to a chosen temperature and will hold it at that exact temperature for hours on end.
“I started Ember to solve a simple yet universal challenge faced by coffee and tea drinkers everywhere - how can I keep my hot beverage at the ideal temperature for as long as I want,” said Ember Technologies Founder and CEO Clay Alexander. “The release of Ember is seven years in the making, and it’s inspiring to see the caliber of investors we have attracted.”
About Ember
Ember plans to revolutionize the way the world eats and drinks. Founded in 2012 by inventor and serial entrepreneur Clayton Alexander, Ember has built an incredible team of world-class product designers and engineers formally with Nokia, Microsoft and Amazon Labs, with big plans to transform the drinkware and dishware industry.
For more information, please visit our website at www.embertech.com.
Media Contact:
Mark Riedy
mark@trueoverdrive.com; 415 302 2923 
Source: TRUE Overdrive on Behalf of Ember Technologies, Inc.




		Share on Facebook
	


		Share on Twitter
	









Categories:
Business News, 	Business to Business 

Tags:
Demi Lovato, 	Ember, 	Ember Technologies, 	Fund-raising, 	Funding, 	Investor, 	Joe Jonas, 	Nick Jonas 



		Additional Images

















About TRUE Overdrive

View Website

We are a media relations company dedicated to driving exposure for brands in the active outdoor, wearable technology and consumer electronics sectors. We deliver results that help achieve business success for our clients.











									More Press Releases
								









Ember Earns Top Honors for Its Sleek Design at the 2017 IDSA IDEA Awards
Temperature control innovator recognized at the International Design Excellence Awards (IDEA) in the Kitchen & Accessories category

TRUE Overdrive
-
Jun 23, 2017





Ember Technologies Releases the World's First Temperature Adjustable Mug

TRUE Overdrive
-
Nov 21, 2016





Ember Technologies Taps Top Music Executives to Execute Holiday Launch with Global Reach
Ember Technologies Adds Jay Brown (Roc Nation) and Phil McIntyre (Philymack) to its Board of Advisors

TRUE Overdrive
-
Nov 17, 2016













 









 



























 




			Newswire		



 




Get notified about new releases.
Sign up for email updates from Newswire.




Enter your email address



Notification Frequency 



Press Releases


Instant



Daily



Never



News


Instant



Daily



Never



Event


Instant



Daily



Never



Blog



Daily



Never



Facebook



Daily



Never



Twitter



Daily



Never





Subscribe


 




 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 







Ember: The World’s 1st Self-Heating, Temperature Controlled Smart Mug







































Menu



0




Products
About Us
Support
Where to Buy
Shop





Your Cart is Empty













0



Products
About Us
Support
Where to Buy
Shop

















                    Perfect temperature. perfect taste.
                  

The world's first temperature control mug


                    Buy Now
                  



















                      
                      	Your headline here
                      
                    

This is a short subheading for your banner image


                      Play Video
                    
















            A few degrees better
          









Taste
Enhance the flavor of your coffee or tea by choosing the temperature that tastes best to you.



Temperature
Ember lets you customize your temperature, giving you total control over your drinking experience.



Time
Enjoy a delicious cup of coffee or tea, at your perfect temperature, on your own time.














                    What's your temperature?
                  

Like it extra hot? You may prefer 142°Warm summer day? Try 126°First time? Start at 130° and go from there















            It has brains too...
          
Ember is a connected device that can be used on its own or with the app. The Ember app will notify you once your drink has reached your preferred temperature.




Remotely adjust to your ideal temperature



Name your mug





Choose and save your presets for different drinks



Switch between Celsius and Fahrenheit
















"Making burnt tongues a thing of the past."

              
                Business Insider
              
            





"It looks and feels like a regular coffee mug, but the Ember can keep your coffee at a precise temperature for two hours with the turn of a dial."


                Inc.
              






"I’m smitten with the Ember... it’s a fantastic, well-thought-out quality product that looks and works amazing."

              
                Forbes
              
            






"For the caffeine lover, a tumbler that keeps your brew at the perfect temperature."

              
                Refinery 29
              
            






"It’s like the Apple Watch of tumblers."

              
                Cosmopolitan
              
            





"If you’re a serious aficionado, I don’t think you can do better than this!"


                Unbox Therapy
              





"Temperature will influence a coffee’s flavor. A few degrees off, and your precious pour-over might as well be a street-corner bodega brew. The Ember mug gets taste right every time."


                Popular Science
              





"It’s hard to imagine a sweeter everyday luxury."


                Fast Company
              






"No more cold, stale coffee or tea, not when you have an Ember."

              
                Martha Stewart
              
            






"Ember is the world’s first mug that lets you customize the perfect temperature for your tea or hot toddy, whether you are on the go or working all day."

              
                The Ellen Show
              
            



































































                      
                      	Your headline here
                      
                    

This is a short subheading for your banner image


                      Play Video
                    
















            join the ember revolution today
          





























 

                
              


Ember Mug


The Ember mug rapidly cools your hot coffee or tea down to the temperature you choose, then maintains your perfect temperature. Includes one charging coaster.
                  




Notify me when this product is available:










Qty









$ 149.95







Add to Cart












              
              @ember
              
                













The Mug
Design
About Us
Press Kit
Support



The world’s most advanced mug.



Contact us

support@ember.com
press@ember.com
contact@ember.com
sales@ember.com



Stay in touch















































        © 2017 Ember Technologies, Inc.
        All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Return Policy | Terms of Service.
      

4607 Lakeview Canyon Rd., Ste. 500, Westlake Village, CA 91361, United States +1 (805) 870-5658




















 







About Us - Ember





































Menu



0




Products
About Us
Support
Where to Buy
Shop





Your Cart is Empty













0



Products
About Us
Support
Where to Buy
Shop
































Who We Are

Founded in 2012 by inventor and serial entrepreneur Clay Alexander, Ember has developed and patented a disruptive new technology that will change the way the world eats and drinks. We are an incredible team of world-class product designers and engineers formerly with Apple, Google, Nokia, Microsoft, and Amazon Labs, with big plans to transform the drinkware and dishware industry.




















Leadership Team











Clay Alexander




Founder and CEO





                                        American inventor and serial entrepreneur who holds over 80 patents worldwide
										
                                        
                                          Read More >>
                                            
                                        











Bob Kron




VP of Sales




Developed retail strategy for Apple, NVIDIA, and Nest










Daren Leith




VP of Product Design and Development




Accomplished industrial designer and creative leader with over 20 years of experience at Nokia and HERE











BJ Marwaha




SVP of Global Operations




10 years of operational excellence at Google, Motorola, and Lenovo












Brittany Simpson




Senior Recruiter




Formerly with Robert Half, excellence in seeking, finding and placing the best candidates in the industry










Brooke Steininger




Chief of Staff to Clayton Alexander




Comprehensive experience in accounting, operations, and HR at Sundance Cinemas










Tom Tejada




Director of Customer Service




6 years experience at Apple managing customer relations and tech support










Mikko Timperi




Principal Mechanical Engineer




Premier mechanical architect and creative leader from Nokia, Microsoft and Amazon Labs












Josh Tuz




Sr. Director of Finance and Business Development




Strategic leader with cross-functional experience at Raytheon and GPS Capital Markets










Chris Wakeham




Principal Electrical Engineer




Electrical mastermind, product leader and new technology innovator from Nokia and Microsoft











Board of Directors












Clay Alexander




Founder and CEO, Ember Technologies




American inventor and serial entrepreneur who holds over 80 patents worldwide










Jay Brown




Co-Founder and CEO, Roc Nation




Discovered and manages numerous superstars, including Rihanna. Repeatedly on the Billboard Power 100 list










Larry Montgomery




Former Chairman and CEO, Kohl’s




During his tenure with Kohl’s he grew the company from $388 million to $20 billion in annual revenues










Tom Wasserman




Managing Director, HPS Growth Equity




Served as Chairman and Director of numerous boards in the communications, IT, and media sectors








Advisors












Robert Brunner




Founder, Ammunition




Formerly the head of design for Apple, and currently the Chief Designer for Beats by Dre










Martin Garvin




SVP Global Operations, Juniper Networks




Former Chief Procurement Officer at Dell where he built and managed its $50B global supply chain










Phil McIntyre




Founder and CEO, Philymack




Manages international icons such as Demi Lovato, Nick Jonas, and Joe Jonas. On the Billboard Power 100 list










David H. Murdock




Owner, Dole Food Company




Billionaire businessman and real estate mogul who owns over 60 companies, including Dole Foods












Jonathan Peacock




Former CFO, AmgenChairman and CEO, Bellerophon




Expanded Amgen globally, strengthened its pipeline and returned substantial capital to shareholders










Matt Rolandson




Partner, Ammunition




Over 25 years of experience in brand strategy, working with Apple, Skype, Starbucks, Target, and many more










Ndamukong Suh




CEO, House of Spears Mgmt.




Professional athlete, investor and board member in numerous companies in the hospitality, real estate, and technology industries














Want to Join our Team?

Here at Ember we are a hardworking, passionate, and motivated group of individuals who are all willing to go the extra mile to help create the next big consumer brand. We believe in what we are doing, and have a collective goal to build a brand synonymous with exceptional quality, innovation, beautiful iconic design, and an amazing user experience. Oh and by the way – we actually all have a really good time doing it.
Sounds like a fit? Send your resume to: careers@embertech.com


















The Mug
Design
About Us
Press Kit
Support



The world’s most advanced mug.



Contact us

support@ember.com
press@ember.com
contact@ember.com
sales@ember.com



Stay in touch















































        © 2017 Ember Technologies, Inc.
        All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Return Policy | Terms of Service.
      

4607 Lakeview Canyon Rd., Ste. 500, Westlake Village, CA 91361, United States +1 (805) 870-5658























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



































  Ember Technologies, Inc. |
  
    FAQ
  










































Contact Us

Email Us



Support Topics
Getting Started
FAQ
Troubleshooting
Care & Maintenance
























Ember Help Desk






















Home 
FAQ















FAQ






How to Update your Ember
1. Download and launch the Ember app.
Note: the Ember App is required to pair and update the Ember Mug, it cannot be paired through your smartphones bluetooth settings.

2. Once your Ember is paired (having tro...


How long does it take to charge Ember?
It takes approximately 2 hours to charge your Ember Mug.


What is the temperature range?
The ember mug provides the precision temperature control between 120°F and 145°F, covering the full range of preferred hot beverage drinking temperatures.


Is Ember dishwasher safe?
We do not not recommend putting your Ember in the dishwasher. We have found that using a dish brush is the best tool for getting to those hard to reach places.

The lid is dishwasher safe.


Can I use my Ember without pairing to a phone?
Yes! Your Ember can be used completely independent of the phone by rotating the dial on the bottom of the mug to select your temperature. Using it independently will limit you from customizing specific features...


What is the rapid-cooling technology?
Ember has the ability to rapidly cool to the perfect temperature you choose. The patented phase change cooling system allows scorching hot liquids to cool at a faster rate to your desired temperature.


Does Ember work for cold drinks too?
The Ember mug will not actively refrigerate a cold beverage for long periods. It will keep the contents cold like any other thermos would, but Ember was specifically designed to rapidly cool scolding hot liquid...


Can the mug switch between Fahrenheit and Celsius?
Yes. You can switch between Fahrenheit and Celsius using the settings icon on the Ember App.


What type of battery does my Ember use?
The Ember uses a standard lithium ion battery, specifically designed for providing the best energy efficiency for an amazing user experience.


Is there a car charger?
Unfortunately not yet. We have definitely plans to launch a car charger compatible for your Ember. While we want you to have the best experience with Ember and its potential to charge on the go, we do not have ...







<< 1 2 >>






Support Topics

Getting Started
FAQ
Troubleshooting
Care & Maintenance












Email Us
Still having problems? Reach out to us here

















Search here
en
results found 

Do These help?
304625c302b023e67c283d47845cc9b2@ember.desk-mail.com
https://cdn.desk.com/
false
desk
Loading
seconds ago
a minute ago
minutes ago
an hour ago
hours ago
a day ago
days ago
about
false
Invalid characters found
/customer/en/portal/articles/autocomplete

Read Article


#ffffff
page_topic


Ember Technologies, Inc.

true








Ember Technologies Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























ember technologies inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Engineering & Construction Svcs
Sub-Industry: Engineering Services
Ember Technologies, Inc. was founded in 2008. The company's line of business includes providing professional engineering services.




Corporate Information
Address:

24894 Newby Rd
Madison, AL 35756
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































 
 





















 





Ember Technologies, Inc. | F6S










 



 















Log in with





Sign in







This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more



































Ember Technologies, Inc.

    Life just got a Few Degrees Better    






















 












Overview






                            Los Angeles, US                            



 




















            Founders                    







                Admin            



Clayton Alexander

                                                    Founder / CEO                                                








                Admin            



Daniel Gober

                                                    Account Manager                                                








                Admin            



Josh Tuz

                                                    Director of Finance and IT                                                























                Ember plans to revolutionize the way the world eats and drinks. Our flagship product, the world’s most advanced temperature adjustable mug, creates an unforgettable drinking experience that will forever change the way we enjoy coffee or tea.  Ember’s patented technology rapidly cools your drink down to the temperature you choose and then holds it at that exact temperature for hours on end. Experience the pleasure of enjoying your drink, in its perfect state, from the first sip to the last drop....
            

                Ember plans to revolutionize the way the world eats and drinks. Our flagship product, the world’s most advanced temperature adjustable mug, creates an unforgettable drinking experience that will forever change the way we enjoy coffee or tea.  Ember’s patented technology rapidly cools your drink down to the temperature you choose and then holds it at that exact temperature for hours on end. Experience the pleasure of enjoying your drink, in its perfect state, from the first sip to the last drop.            
More information











            Recommendations                    




















 









 




Add Your

Event
Startup
Job Listing
Deal
Accelerator
Inv. Fund
Angel Group
Contest
Coworking




Internet of Things
Get Free Deals
Promote your own Deal
Startup Jobs
Startups
Contests
Startup Events
Investment Funds
Accelerators
R&D Tax Relief




About
F6S API
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Feedback













                © 2017 F6S Network Limited. All rights reserved.            

Powered by











