



Carlyle drops Emerging Sovereign Group emerging markets hedge fund - Business Insider


































 





 




































































































Finance























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








Carlyle is dropping a $3.5 billion emerging markets hedge fund












Greg Roumeliotis and Lawrence Delevingne, Reuters






Aug. 24, 2016,  3:22 PM



4,268




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 












The
    Carlyle Group Managing Director David Rubenstein listens to
    speakers during the 2010 meeting of the Wall Street Journal CEO
    Council in Washington, November 16, 2010.
REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst




    The partners of Emerging Sovereign Group LLC (ESG) have agreed
    to buy back the majority stake in the emerging markets-focused
    hedge fund manager that was acquired by Carlyle
    Group LP in 2011, Carlyle said on Wednesday.
  

    The move comes as Carlyle has chosen to focus more
    on credit-oriented investment strategies, such as direct
    lending, distressed debt and collateralized loan obligations,
    while ESG has remained an equities-focused hedge fund firm.
  

    ESG was founded in 2002 by former Morgan Stanley colleagues
    Kevin Kenny, Mete Tuncel and Jason Kirschner with seed capital
    from Tiger Management founder Julian Robertson. It has $3.5
    billion is assets, up from $1.25 billion when
    Carlyle acquired a controlling stake in it in
    2011.
  

    "ESG is a strong organization, has been a terrific partner to
    Carlyle and will thrive as an independent
    business... We wish Kevin Kenny and his team continued success
    in the future," Carlyle co-founder and
    co-chief executive William Conway said in a statement.
  






BI
    EXPLAINS




    Many hedge funds targeting emerging markets have struggled to
    produce stellar returns in recent years, as bets on economic
    growth in some countries such as Brazil and Russia have gone
    sour.
  

    The split with ESG will further reduce Carlyle's
    hedge fund offerings, after it shut down its hedge
    fund-of-funds manager, Diversified Global Asset Management Corp
    (DGAM), earlier this year, citing a challenging market
    environment that made it difficult to gain scale.
  

    Its remaining hedge fund units, Claren Road Asset Management
    and Vermillion, have continued to generate losses amid poor
    financial performance and investor redemptions, even as
    Carlyle has continued to invest in new
    products and strategies, Carlyle Chief Financial
    Officer Curt Buser said on the firm's latest quarterly earnings
    call last month.
  
Carlyle also said last month that it anticipated
    greater operating losses from some of the hedge funds and
    associated commodities products than it previously expected.
  

    Hedge funds, as well as distressed debt, mezzanine credit and
    direct lending offerings, are part
    of Carlyle's Global Market Strategies (GMS)
    business, which had $34.7 billion in assets under management as
    of the end of June, down 5 percent year-on-year.
  

    Buser said last month Carlyle had expected GMS to
    be a larger contributor to distributable earnings and
    fee-related earnings at this point than it actually is.
  
Carlyle had total assets under management of
    $175.6 billion at the end of June, of which $57.6 billion were
    in private equity, $37.5 billion were in real estate, and $45.7
    billion were in so-called investment solutions, such as
    fund-of-funds.
  

    (Reporting by Greg Roumeliotis and Lawrence
    Delevingne in New York; Editing by Bernard Orr)
  


Read the original article on Reuters.  Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. 

SEE ALSO: What it's like to have your world turned upside down by an insider trading conviction

BI EXPLAINS: WHAT IS A HEDGE FUND: Many don't even 'hedge'




NOW WATCH: The inventor of Roomba has created a weed-slashing robot for your garden








            More:

                                                        Carlyle Group
















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























Carlyle is dropping a $3.5 billion emerging markets hedge fund
Carlyle is dropping a $3.5 billion emerging markets hedge fund

The partners of Emerging Sovereign Group LLC...




















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Finance Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 





































	EMERGING SOVEREIGN Trademark of Emerging Sovereign Group LLC. Serial Number: 76374370 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
EMERGING SOVEREIGN










 
Get FREE email alerts













EMERGING SOVEREIGN  Trademark Information
 Emerging Sovereign Group LLC
asset management for private entities and accounts, namely seeking to provide superior non-market correlated returns to investors primarily by investing in emerging sovereign debt and outright currency investments




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
asset   management   private   entities   accounts      seeking   provide   superior   nonmarket   correlated   returns   investors   primarily   investing   emerging   sovereign   debt   outright   currency   investments    
                                    




This is a brand page for the EMERGING SOVEREIGN trademark by Emerging Sovereign Group LLC 
                                in New York, NY, 10022.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this EMERGING SOVEREIGN trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Emerging Sovereign Group LLC of the EMERGING SOVEREIGN trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the EMERGING SOVEREIGN trademark.
                           






On Friday, February 22, 2002,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        EMERGING SOVEREIGN by 
                        Emerging Sovereign Group LLC, New York, NY  10022.
                        The USPTO has given the EMERGING SOVEREIGN 
                        trademark serial  number of  76374370.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED AND RENEWED.
                        The correspondent listed for EMERGING SOVEREIGN is 
                        
                        
                                            Beth H. Alter of 
                                            SEWARD & KISSEL LLP,  ONE BATTERY PARK PLAZA, NEW YORK NY 10004 
                                .
                            The EMERGING SOVEREIGN trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for EMERGING SOVEREIGN 
                            is asset management for private entities and accounts, namely seeking to provide superior non-market correlated returns to investors primarily by investing in emerging sovereign debt and outright currency investments. 
                            





Word mark:
 EMERGING SOVEREIGN


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED AND RENEWED

6/12/2013



  Serial Number:  
76374370


  Filing Date:  
2/22/2002


 Registration Number:  
2718233 


 Registration Date:  
5/20/2003


 Goods and Services: 
asset management for private entities and accounts, namely seeking to provide superior non-market correlated returns to investors primarily by investing in emerging sovereign debt and outright currency investments


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Emerging Sovereign Group LLCNew York, NY  10022
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Supplemental


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Beth H. Alter
SEWARD & KISSEL LLP
ONE BATTERY PARK PLAZA
NEW YORK NY 10004






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/31/2002


First Use In Commerce: 
4/15/2002





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your EMERGING SOVEREIGN trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/12/2013
REGISTERED AND RENEWED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Beth H. Alter


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of EMERGING SOVEREIGN trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search emergingsovereign on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for EMERGING SOVEREIGN 




EMERGING SOVEREIGN is providing asset management for private entities and accounts, namely seeking to provide superior non-market correlated returns to investors primarily by investing in emerging sovereign debt and outright currency investments.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















EMERGING SOVEREIGN GROUP, LLC- Ratings & Rankings by Symmetric




 






























Home
About

Pricing

Login


























EMERGING SOVEREIGN GROUP, LLC



Register for more
















 EMERGING SOVEREIGN Overview



												   Emerging Sovereign Group, Llc is a hedge fund that manages 7.4 BN dollars in regulatory AUM and has 49 employees, of which 25 perform investment advisory functions. The manager's has disclosed holdings from 12/31/09 to 03/31/17. The fund's latest filing disclosed 671MM in positions, representing 9% of the manager's regulatory AUM.
												



Unlock Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration









					
					 EMERGING SOVEREIGN StockAlpha 
					
					






-5.1%





Top 25%



3yr StockAlpha
Register for more...
















Fundamental & Technical Factor Exposure
										






Market Cap
Beta
Volatility


Momentum (12M)
Momentum (6M)
Momentum (3M)


Price/Book
Price/Earnings
Price/Cash Flow


Dividend Yield
Sales Growth
Earnings Growth


ROE
ROA
ROC


EBIDTA Margin
Debt/Assets
Hedge Fund Crowding









 EMERGING SOVEREIGN Since Last Filing Return Details
																										






Ticker
Size
Sector
Stock Move

StockAlpha Attribution
Days to Liquidate
Trade Crowdedness




JD
14.21%
Cons. Disc.
45.16%

5.57%
0
11%



YUMC
11.96%
Unknown
33.13%

3.77%
1
7%





Unlock Positions and Returns Details














×
Register to Unlock



Unlock profile and also get:

Manager Positions and Return Details
Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration
Manager Performance Estimates
Top Stock Pickers Report













We take your privacy seriously. Your information will never be shared with any third party











×
Download PDF Report


								Your requested report is being generated and will be emailed to you when ready. If you do not receive the report, please check your spam folder, email info@symmetric.io or call 866-243-4178
								














FEATURED IN





















 EMERGING SOVEREIGN Founders and Key Employees






Name
Title
In Position Since







John K. Kenny
Chief Investment Officer
April-2002


Mete Tuncel
Global Macro Portfolio Manager
April-2002


Jason P. Kirschner
Global Equity Portfolio Manager
January-2005


Michelle N. Dea
Chief Operating Officer
November-2008


Kenneth A. Fahrman
Chief Risk Officer
September-2011


Thomas S. Dwan
Chief Financial Officer
January-2012


Kamand K. Daniels
Chief Compliance Officer
October-2014










 EMERGING SOVEREIGN Brokers, Custodians, Auditors and Administrators






Type
Company







Administrator
 Pro


Auditor
 Pro


Auditor
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Custodian
 Pro


Prime Broker
 Pro


Prime Broker
 Pro


Prime Broker
 Pro


Prime Broker
 Pro


Prime Broker
 Pro












 EMERGING SOVEREIGN Investment Strategy


				
					   Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss The Adviser utilizes a variety of methods and strategies to make investment decisions and recommendations.    The  methods  of analysis include fundamental research and  cyclical analysis as well  as  the  use  of  carefully  constructed  risk  management  tools  and  approaches.    The  Adviser employs the following  investment  strategies: Emerging  Sovereign  Fund  LP  (“ESF”)  and  Emerging  Sovereign  Offshore  Fund  Ltd .  (“ESOF”) each  invests  substantially  all of its  assets  in  Emerging  Sovereign  Master  Fund  Ltd.  (collectively, “ESM”).      ESM  is  a  multi-strategy  fund  that  seeks  to  provide  superior  uncorrelated  returns primarily   by  investing  globally  in  the  fixed   income,   equity,   credit,   currency  and   commodity markets.    The  Adviser  currently  anticipates  that  the  geographic  focus  of ESM  will generally be emerging  market  countries,  althoug...Unlock Full Investment Process Description







 EMERGING SOVEREIGN Portfolio Concentration




Unlock Portfolio Concentration











 EMERGING SOVEREIGN Location



520 MADISON AVE.								41ST FLOOR
NEW YORK, 
New York
UNITED STATES, 
10022








  EMERGING SOVEREIGN Contact Information



							Phone Number: 212-813-4600
							Fax Number: 212-813-4601
							Website: null









READ RECENT SYMMETRIC REPORTS





















Disclaimer



				
		The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Symmetric and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Symmetric nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance and skill metrics are no guarantee of future results. "Symmetric," "Symmetric.io" and the Symmetric logo are marks of Symmetric, Inc. Read our privacy policy here. Read our terms of use here





















 Path A		  










Emerging Sovereign Group, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:50 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Emerging Sovereign Group, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Emerging Sovereign Group, LLC is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It manages separate client focused portfolios. The firm also launches and manages hedge funds for its clients. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. The firm obtains external research to complement its in-house research to make its investments. It was founded in April 2002 and is based in New York City. Emerging Sovereign Group, LLC operates as a subsidiary of The Carlyle Group LP.


520 Madison Avenue41st FloorNew York, NY 10022United StatesFounded in 2002



Phone: 212-813-4600

Fax: 212-813-4601








Key Executives for Emerging Sovereign Group, LLC




Mr. Mete Tuncel


      	Co-Founder and Managing Director
      








Mr. Thomas S. Dwan


      	Principal and Chief Financial Officer
      








Ms. Michelle Dea


      	Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Siddhartha Ahluwalia


      	Managing Director
      








Mr. Josh Dienstag


      	Managing Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      August 24, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Emerging Sovereign Group, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Emerging Sovereign Group LLC 520 Madison Ave New York, NY Financial Advisory Services - MapQuest







































































































    Emerging Sovereign Group LLC
  

520 Madison Ave

New York
NY
10022




 Reviews



(212) 813-4600
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help























EMERGING SOVEREIGN GROUP LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    EMERGING SOVEREIGN GROUP LLC











Company number M08000001198
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 450464126
        

Company Type Foreign Limited Liability
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date 9/28/2012
        

Date Of Incorporation 3/13/2008
        

Principal Address
            101 PARK AVENUE, 48TH FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10178
            


Mailing Address 101 PARK AVENUE, 48TH FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10178
        
EMERGING SOVEREIGN GROUP LLC Principals

Manager
                Kenny J Kevin J
                 


Address
                101 PARK AVENUE, 48TH FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10178
                 







Last Annual Reports

2011 4/26/2011
            

2011 4/26/2011
            

2010 1/14/2010
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY (c)
        

Agent Address
                1201 HAYS STREET, TALLAHASSEE, FL, 32301
                

EMERGING SOVEREIGN GROUP LLC Events

1 REVOKED FOR         ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/25/2009
            


2 CANCEL ADM DISS/REV
            

filedDate 10/28/2009
            


3 REVOKED FOR         ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/28/2012
            

Description
EMERGING SOVEREIGN GROUP LLC has been set up 3/13/2008 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The EMERGING SOVEREIGN GROUP LLC principal adress is 101 PARK AVENUE, 48TH FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10178. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 101 PARK AVENUE, 48TH FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10178. 
The company`s registered agent is CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY 1201 HAYS STREET, TALLAHASSEE, FL, 32301.  
The company`s management are Manager - Kenny J Kevin J. The last significant event in the company history is REVOKED FOR         ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/28/2012. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 4/26/2011.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
EMERGING SOVEREIGN PARTNERS LLC
EMERGING SURGICAL TECHNOLOGIES, LLC.
EMERGING SURGICAL TECHNOLOGIS, LLC
EMERGING SYSTEMS CONSULTING GROUP, INC.
EMERGING SYSTEMS GROUP, INC.
EMERGING SYSTEMS INVESTMENTS, INC.













Emerging Sovereign Group LLC                                                                                             - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Commercial Physical Research



Commercial Physical Research



                            Emerging Sovereign Group LLC
                                    



 





















E 


Emerging Sovereign Group LLC                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



520 MADISON AVE FL 41 NEW YORK, NY 10022
Get Directions



(212) 813-4600
 





Business Info



 Founded 2016
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,126,291.00
 Employee Count 15
 Industries Commercial Physical Research
 Contacts Thomas Dwan                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2016, Emerging Sovereign Group Llc                                                                                             has been providing Commercial Physical Research from New York. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







E

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














