










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












       6405 W Magnolia St, PHOENIX, AZ - Owner: Empire Residential Opportunity Fund Iv Llc                Property and business record information for 6405 W MAGNOLIA ST, PHOENIX, AZ!         Arivify    Toggle navigation       Home  States  Arizona California Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Illinois Massachusetts Maryland North Carolina Pennsylvania Tennessee Texas Virginia Washington West Virginia    Support  About Us Remove Name Contact Us   Search Blog                  6405 W Magnolia St  Phoenix, AZ 85043 $ 71,500     You are here:  / States/ Arizona/ Phoenix/ 6405 W Magnolia St            Owner NameEmpire Residential Opportunity Fund Iv LlcAddress6405 W Magnolia StCityPhoenixStateAZZip Code85043Land UseResidential/rentalLand Size6050 sqft.Appraised Value$71500Assessed Value$71500Legal DescriptionPark At Terralea         6405 W Magnolia St is a parcel of land located in Phoenix, AZ and has a legal description provided by the local assessor of PARK AT TERRALEA. The Arivify.com account number for this parcel is MC-104-37-089.This parcel is owned by Empire Residential Opportunity Fund Iv Llc and can be described as a Residential/rental.The estimated market value of this property is $71500 and the the building value is an estimated $71500.For more information regarding 6405 W Magnolia St including construction details, assessments, previous owners, and sales data please look below.    AssessmentsYearValue2014$715002013$590002012$645002011$645002010$98500       Construction DetailsBuildingResidential/Rental BuildiLiving Area1740 sq/ftReplacement Cost$71500Year Built2001Building Value$71500Building AttributesDescriptionPark At Terralea Mcr 515-37High SchoolTolleson Union #214ElementaryFowler School DistrictPoolNoQuality GradeAverage (3)Bath Fixtures8Patio TypeNoneCooling TypeRefrigerationExterior WallFrame WoodCovered Parking2Recent SalesNo recent sales data.Nearby PropertiesAddressOwnerValue8142 W MAGNOLIA STNancy Lane Estate Llc$881008138 W MAGNOLIA STLopez Oscar Omar Orozco$607008134 W MAGNOLIA STRuiz Maribel P$665008130 W MAGNOLIA STTang Xinan/liang Wen$823008126 W MAGNOLIA STLeija Emilano T/terri$772008122 W MAGNOLIA STWelke Martha L/poveda Fabio F$666008118 W MAGNOLIA STEmpire Residential Opportunity Fund Iii Llc$922008112 W MAGNOLIA STMosso Araceli$682008108 W MAGNOLIA STMartin Brian/mary$873008102 W MAGNOLIA STBudzinski Thomas J/maria A$68200                              Home Search About Privacy Policy Blog Contact           © 2017 Arivify.com, All Right reserved                     

EMPIRE RESIDENTIAL COMMUNITIES FUND II, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











EMPIRE RESIDENTIAL COMMUNITIES FUND II, LLC
List of persons related to the company EMPIRE RESIDENTIAL COMMUNITIES FUND II, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of EMPIRE RESIDENTIAL COMMUNITIES FUND II, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001580414IRS Number: 462103495Company address: 6617 N. SCOTTSDALE ROAD SUITE 101 SCOTTSDALE 85250Phone number: 480-951-2207



People related to EMPIRE RESIDENTIAL COMMUNITIES FUND II, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryE WOOLF  MICHAEL6617 N. SCOTTSDALE ROAD SUITE 101SCOTTSDALEAZFelker  Richard6617 N. Scottsdale Road Suite 101ScottsdaleAZ




EMPIRE RESIDENTIAL COMMUNITIES FUND II, LLC on the Web
Related companiesEmpire American Group, LLC, Empire Angels Fund I LLC, Empire Asset Diversified Fund, LLC, EMPIRE ASSET GROUP LLC, EMPIRE AT ARCADIA GLEN, LLC, Empire at Butler North, LLC, Empire Bancorp, Inc., Empire Biotechnologies, Inc., Empire Capital Partners Enhanced, L.P., Empire Capital Partners Enhanced, Ltd., Empire Capital Partners, L.P., Empire Capital Partners, Ltd., EMPIRE CORNERSTONE BEDFORD, LP, Empire Cornerstone Bushwick One LLC, Empire Cornerstone Dean, LP












 








Empire Residential Communities Fund III, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 12:18 PM ET

Company Overview of Empire Residential Communities Fund III, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Empire Residential Communities Fund III, LLC operates in the residential real estate industry. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona.


6617 North Scottsdale RoadSuite 101Scottsdale, AZ 85250United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 480-951-2207








Key Executives for Empire Residential Communities Fund III, LLC


Empire Residential Communities Fund III, LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Empire Residential Communities Fund III, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























EMPIRE RESIDENTIAL COMMUNITIES FUND II, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      EMPIRE RESIDENTIAL COMMUNITIES FUND II, LLC
                    

•   SCOTTSDALE, AZ
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Empire Residential Communities Fund II is based out of Scottsdale.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2014-07-24.  The notice  included securities offered of Equity
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 2



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from EMPIRE RESIDENTIAL COMMUNITIES FUND II, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




empire residential communities fund ii, llc


6617 N. SCOTTSDALE ROAD

SCOTTSDALE
AZ
                                                        
                                                    85250


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      480-951-2207







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 07/24/2014
D filed on 07/11/2013
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2014-07-24
D/A
RESIDENTIAL

      Equity
    
50,000,000
23,804,310
26,195,690


2013-07-11
D
RESIDENTIAL

      Equity
    
50,000,000
0
50,000,000




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




MICHAEL E  WOOLF

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



RICHARD   FELKER

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free
























Empire Residential Communities Fund – The Empire Group LLC





























 






















 





Empire Residential Communities Fund

The Empire team, recognizing the significant buying opportunity created by the foreclosure crisis, was one of the first large-scale buyers of distressed homes in Phoenix. Between mid-2009 and early 2013, the Empire Residential Opportunity Funds raised over $125 MM and purchased over 1500 single-family foreclosures and short sales. These homes were transformed into single-family rentals, thus generating rental income that not only covered holding costs such as property taxes, insurance, maintenance, etc., but also generated net income that could be distributed to the Funds’ investors. Today, many of these assets have doubled in value, creating the backdrop for strong investment returns.
Investopedia
New York, NY
Both real estate funds and real estate investment trusts (REITs) are used when diversifying a long-term investment portfolio. A real estate fund is a type of mutual fund that primarily focuses on investing in securities offered by public real estate companies. The majority of real estate funds are invested in commercial, and corporate properties, although they also may include investments in raw land, apartments complexes and agricultural space. This type of fund can invest in properties directly or indirectly through REITs.
A REIT is a corporation, trust or association that owns or finances income-producing real estate.
Their mode of operation is similar to that of a mutual fund where investors combine their capital to buy a share of commercial real estate and then earn income from their shares. REITs’ taxable income is paid out as dividends to their shareholders, who then pay income tax on the dividends.
There are three main types or REITs, equity REITs, mortgage REITs and hybrid REITs. Equity REITs own, operate and trade hard real estate assets; Mortgage REITs trade commercial and residential mortgages; hybrid REITS are a combination of equity and mortgage REITs. The majority of revenue associated with equity REITs come from real estate property rent, while the revenue associated with mortgage REITs is generated from interest through mortgage loans.
Investments in both REITs and real estate funds have their benefits and drawbacks. The benefits of investing in REITs include their lower investment entry costs insofar that investors can invest as little as $500 or the price of one share; secondly, REITs offer a highly liquid method of investing in real estate; thirdly, REITs are highly flexible, allowing investors to invest in a range of real estate from commercial properties to shopping malls.
Real estate funds that invest in mortgage REITs provide higher yields than real estate funds that invest in equity REITs. Conversely, as equity REITs trade on assets and not on mortgage loans, capital gains are instead far more attainable for equity REITs. Mortgage REITs don’t offer as much capital gains as equity REITs because an earned capital profit cannot be attained on a loan. Mortgage REITs’ potential for capital gains are correlated against interest rates, as the higher the interest rate, the greater the gain. Conversely, the opposite also applies. If mortgage rates fall, the REIT receives diminished interest payments and thus suffers a loss of expected income. As REITs generally deliver more of an income, neither provides long-term capital appreciation. On the other hand, real estate funds that are not invested in REITS can offer capital appreciation and fund value appreciation.
Real estate fund investments allow investors to reap the same benefits they would if they were investing in a mutual fund, as they receive the same professional and portfolio management support. Real estate fund investments with direct real estate investments invest in assets while real estate funds that invest indirectly invest in REITS. An investor is, however, able to choose whether to invest in a real estate fund (that may or may not invest in REITs) or invest in REITs directly.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Empire Group of Companies
Empire Residential Opportunity Fund I, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund II, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund III, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund IV, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund V
Empire Residential Communities Fund
Empire Residential Arbitrage Fund
Empire Real Estate Asset Fund
Empire Residential Opportunity Fund I, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund II, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund III, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund IV, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund V
Follow Empire Residential Opportunity Fund I, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund II, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund III, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund IV, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund V on Facebook
Follow Empire Residential Opportunity Fund I, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund II, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund III, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund IV, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund V on Twitter
Follow Empire Residential Opportunity Fund I, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund II, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund III, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund IV, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund V on Google+
EMPIRE REAL ESTATE ASSET FUND LLC, EMPIRE RESIDENTIAL ARBITRAGE FUND I LLC EMPIRE RESIDENTIAL COMMUNITIES FUND II LLC, EMPIRE RESIDENTIAL COMMUNITIES FUND III LLC, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund II LLC, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund III LLC, EMPIRE RESIDENTIAL OPPORTUNITY FUND IV LLC, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund LLC, EMPIRE REAL ESTATE ASSET FUND LLC, EMPIRE RESIDENTIAL ARBITRAGE FUND I LLC, EMPIRE RESIDENTIAL COMMUNITIES FUND II LLC, EMPIRE RESIDENTIAL COMMUNITIES FUND III LLC, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund II LLC, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund III, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund III information, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund III LLC, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund III price, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund III reviews, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund III secondary market, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund III value, EMPIRE RESIDENTIAL OPPORTUNITY FUND IV LLC, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund LLC. According to a Form-D filed with the SEC, Empire Residential Opportunity Fund III is a limited liability company organized in 2009. Empire Residential Opportunity Fund III, LLC owns and operates residential properties. The company is based in Scottsdale, Arizona. Limited liability companies generally involve a much greater degree of risk compared to traditional investments, such as stocks, bonds or mutual funds. Interests in limited liability companies (LLC) are often sold as unregistered securities and lack the same regulatory oversight as more traditional investment products. Unfortunately, some brokers may have downplayed the risks associated with alternative investments and misled investors into thinking that they are “safe” investment products. The high sales commission brokers earn for selling interests in limited liability companies may have provided some brokers with enough incentive to push the product to unsuspecting investors. Broker dealers that sell alternative investments are required to perform adequate due diligence on all investment recommendations to ensure that each investment is suitable for the investor in light of the investor’s age, risk tolerance, net worth, financial needs, and investment experience. If a broker makes an unsuitable investment recommendations or fails to adequately disclose the risks associated with an investment they may be liable for investment losses. To determine whether you may be able to recover investment losses incurred as a result of your purchase or other offerings, receive a free consultation.





















The Empire Group LLC


























 




















					 As a group of affiliated companies spanning over 30 years, the Empire Group is recognized as one of the leading residential and commercial real estate developers in the Phoenix metropolitan market.  Over the past three decades, Empire has acquired or developed more than 100 properties in over 35 communities with a combined value in excess of $1 billion.				  
































































In 60 short months, the Phoenix metropolitan market is expected to add 500,000 new residents between 2016 and 2020, the equivalent of the entire population of Kansas City. From a real estate perspective, that growth creates the backdrop for Empire’s investment opportunity.











Residential Infill Land





Single-Family Housing



Multi-Family Housing



Distressed Housing

 


rECENT pROJECTS







The Stewart
A 19-story, luxury high-rise apartment in the heart of downtown Phoenix.

Read more







Villas at Baker Park
A 44-home private community nestled in the vibrant Arcadia neighborhood of Phoenix.

Read more







411 S. First Street
26,000 sf commercial warehouse conversion to high-tech, creative, open concept office space.

Read more






Our Team




 

Richard J. Felker
Principal
Richard Felker began his business career in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where he owned and operated furniture/appliance stores. After 10 years or so, in the early 1970s, he moved into the real estate development business in Wisconsin, and for the last 27 years he has focused on real estate developments in the Phoenix metropolitan area. During his 40 years of real estate experience, Mr. Felker has developed over 100 projects valued at over $1 Billion. Those projects have included more than 1,845 apartment units; 128 apartment units converted to condominiums; 835 condominium units, 5,110 single family lots (consisting of lots sold to builders; custom lots sold to upscale buyers and single family/townhouse homes) and more than a dozen retail/commercial/office projects. His vision, ability to recognize current and future trends, extensive contacts with lenders, brokers and municipal and community leaders and his wealth of experience in all phases of residential and commercial development, financing, construction, and property management, combined with his ability to assemble and lead great teams, have all helped create the success of his investment/development entities, collectively known as The Empire Group. These accomplishments have led him to be the recipient of nine National Awards for Excellence for his projects, including recognition for Design and Excellence by the Pacific Coast Builders Conference, Professional Builder Magazine and the National Association of Realtors; Builders Magazine “Best in the West” Award, and the MAME Award.




 

Geoffrey Jacobs
Principal
Mr. Jacobs currently serves as a Principal with The Empire Group, LLC. Mr. Jacobs started his business career in the early 1990’s with a real estate company where he helped to plan mixed-use developments in mainland China. In 1998, he accepted the opportunity to work with Richard Felker, take responsibility for the commercial real estate operations of The Empire Group, and assume an ownership position in the company. His responsibilities include (a) acquisition, financing, planning, zoning, entitlement, development, improvement, and management of all of the Empire Group’s anchored and non-anchored mixed-use, retail, and office projects, (b) supervising the leasing of the company’s projects, including ground leases, build-to-suit leases, and space leases in company-owned shops buildings to such tenants as Staples, Ace Hardware, Fresh & Easy Markets, Circle K, Jack in the Box, KFC, and others, and (c) supervision of the sale of shopping center pad sites. In addition, Mr. Jacobs was responsible for the overall development, improvement, and operation of a series of gas stations developed by The Empire Group before he arranged for and completed the sale of the gas station operations. Mr. Jacobs is a member of the International Council of Shopping Centers. In 1991, Mr. Jacobs graduated magna cum laude from the University of Southern California with a bachelor’s degree in international finance. In 1992, Mr. Jacobs graduated from the Thunderbird School of International Management, where he earned his master’s degree in international management.




 

Randy Grudzinski
Head of Capital Markets
Mr. Grudzinski currently serves as the Head of Capital Markets for the Empire Group. Since entering the alternative investments industry in 2001, Randy has structured and raised over $350 MM for private investment programs, including approximately $150 MM for eight separate, Empire-managed partnerships. By focusing on the retail investment community, Randy has built lasting and valuable relationships with hundreds of registered investment advisors and investment brokers throughout the United States, as well as the 1200+ accredited clients that they and the Empire Group serve through Empire’s various investment programs. Prior to joining the Empire team, Randy was a Senior Managing Director with Advanced Equities, Inc., where he acted as external Placement Agent for Empire’s family of Phoenix-based distressed housing funds. Mr. Grudzinski was also a Senior Vice President with GK Development, Inc., a $500 MM value-added owner and redeveloper of retail real estate properties, and the President of InvestLinc Capital Services and InvestLinc Securities, which are the merchant banking and broker-dealer divisions of The InvestLinc Group, LLC, a boutique financial services firm. Mr. Grudzinski is a High Honors graduate of the JL Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University and acts as a guest lecturer at both Kellogg and the University of Chicago’s Graduate School of Business. Mr. Grudzinski also is a graduate of DePauw University and the London School of Economics – earning his Bachelor’s Degree in Economics. Mr. Grudzinski is a FINRA registered representative with Series 22, 24, 28, 62, 63, 79 and 99 designations.




 

Rich Zacher
Principal
Mr. Zacher began his real estate career in 1987 by working with a private production homebuilder located in Phoenix, Arizona. Mr. Zacher held several positions with that company over a five-year period, focusing in the areas of market research, land acquisition, product development, financial analysis, and capital formation for the company’s projects. In 1993, Mr. Zacher joined the Phoenix division of Centex Real Estate Corporation, heading up that company’s land acquisition and development department as a senior level manager. At Centex, Mr. Zacher also coordinated and brought to market all of the company’s new residential communities. His duties at Centex ranged from identifying the specific property through the completion of the model home complex. In August 1994, Mr. Zacher formed his own company, Zacher Homes, which he ran successfully until 2008. During this 14-year period, Mr. Zacher grew his company from approximately $1,000,000 in sales to a peak level of $104,000,000 in 2004. As owner of Zacher Homes and its related entities, Mr. Zacher was involved in the development and sale of residential land, single family spec and custom homes, commercial office condominiums, multi-family rental communities, commercial office buildings, and private golf communities. His overall experience resulted in the development, construction, and sale of over $335,000,000 in real estate projects. Mr. Zacher is a native of Phoenix, Arizona, where he graduated from Brophy College Preparatory High School in 1982 and then went on to receive his Bachelors of Arts in Business Administration from Loyola Marymount University in 1986.




 

Michael E. Woolf
General Counsel
Michael Woolf has been a lawyer in Arizona since 1974. He was an undergraduate of Arizona State University where he graduated with honors in 1971 with a business degree. In 1974 he graduated from Arizona State University Law School, cum laude. Before being employed by The Empire Group as in-house counsel in 2006, Michael was a shareholder in the Phoenix law firm of O’Connor, Cavanagh, Anderson, Killingsworth, Westover and Beshears, PA and an owning shareholder in the Phoenix law firm of Mariscal, Weeks, McIntyre and Friedlander, PA. During his professional career, Michael has been a transactional lawyer with an emphasis on documenting business transactions, real estate financing, and all aspects of commercial, retail, and residential real estate, including extensive experience in construction, development, sales, brokerage, leasing and community development documentation. Michael has been honored by Phoenix Magazine as one of the top lawyers in Arizona. During his long history of representing Empire entities while with the above law firms, Michael has also represented national and local developers, homebuilders, lenders and real estate brokerage companies as well as many local non-real estate oriented businesses. Michael is currently a member of the Board of Directors of the Homebuilders Association of Central Arizona; has been a member of numerous committees formed by the Arizona Department of Real Estate to recommend changes to Arizona real estate statutes and regulations; is a member of the American Bar Association, Arizona State Bar Association, Maricopa County Bar Association; and is a member of the International Council of Shopping Centers.




 

Cindy Thimmesch
CFO
Ms. Thimmesch began her Finance career working in the hotel business for various legendary properties such as the Willard Inter-Continental and the Arizona Biltmore.  Honing her skills in budgeting, forecasting, and process improvement, her specialty was working with department managers in developing skills to achieve financial performance while maintaining operational standards.   Beginning in 1998, Ms. Thimmesch served as the Vice President, Controller and later the Vice President of Investor Relations of Visitalk.com, an internet startup dedicated to providing VOIP and Video/Data Conferencing through a permanent directory.  During the course of Business, She assisted in the raise of $45 million from Angel Investors. She coordinated SEC filings, Private Placement Memorandums, and Annual meetings for shareholders.  Additionally, she worked with Ernst & Young in implementing back office and front office integration in call accounting and financial systems.   Ms. Thimmesch worked as the Controller for Geoffrey H. Edmunds and Associates from 2004 – 2008. Projects she was involved in ranged from The Scottsdale Waterfront, a luxury 198 condominium development, to the  Ranch Cottages at Talking Rock, 48 cottages designed for luxury high country living. During her tenure at Geoffrey Edmunds, the financial operations for some projects were entirely in house:  from cash flow management, risk management, work in process, Sales tax, financials, property management, loan administration to home closings.  Others she coordinated in conjunction with various joint venture partners such as Opus West, Harvard Investments and the Pivotal Group.   Most recently, she was the Controller for Green Street Communities, an infill real estate developer and home builder.  There, she developed specialized Asset reporting for investors along with various dynamic cash flow forecasting tools that allowed for multiple scenario analysis.  Ms. Thimmesch also created budgeting and forecasting models designed to ROE needs.  Ms. Thimmesch earned a business degree with Honor from Michigan State University and holds her Master’s in Business Administration from the WP Carey School of Business at Arizona State University.  She is also a Certified Managerial Accountant (CMA).




 

Shelby Duplessis
VP of Land Development
Ms. Duplessis recently joined the Empire team as Vice President of Land Development. Prior to joining Empire, Ms. Duplessis served as a Managing Partner at CMX, a Phoenix based Civil Engineering Firm for 12 years, until its closure in 2009 and more recently at Bowman Consulting, a national Civil Engineering Firm, which she served as a Senior Project Manager for nearly 6 years. While with these firms she managed the Peoria office, which consisted of 50 plus employees, along with multiple projects and consultants.  In addition Ms. Duplessis chaired several internal departmental committees including the Community Foundation.  Ms. Duplessis has more than 18 years of experience in civil engineering, zoning, entitlement and land development. She is responsible for team management; client, project and municipality coordination; public presentation and relationships; and civil design.  Ms. Duplessis has had significant involvement with capital improvement projects for various municipalities, including the Cities of Phoenix, Avondale, Peoria, Laveen, Surprise, the Town of Gilbert, and is very knowledgeable in their processes.  Shelby received her Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering from Arizona State University in 1997 and received her Professional Engineer License from Arizona in 2001 and her Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED), Professional Accreditation in 2008.  Along with these accreditations Ms. Duplessis has continued her professional affiliations with Leadership West as an Alumni of Class XX, and now serving on the Board as Education Chair, member of the National Society of Professional Engineers, City of Peoria Historic Preservation Commissioner, previously as a member of the City of Peoria Board of Adjustments and APS Corridor and Line Siting Committee, and graduate of the Leadership in Engineering Administration Program (LEAP), American Council of Engineering Companies of Arizona in 2007 and City of Peoria Leadership Institute in 2009.  Her areas of expertise include land development, project management, facilitation and understanding of municipal capital Improvement projects, infrastructure design and improvements, cost estimating/bidding, value engineering, ROW acquisition and coordination, General Plan Amendments, property zoning & annexation, master planning, property due diligence, 404 and environmental coordination and memos of understanding and development agreement preparation and coordination.  Her notable developments in Arizona include Prasada, Desert Ridge, Sonoran Mt Ranch, Sonoran Foothills, Vistancia and Dynamite Mt Ranch.




 

Byron Crowe
Managing Director of Capital Markets
Mr. Crowe currently serves as Managing Director of Capital Markets for the Empire Group. Since entering the alternative investments industry in 1996, Byron has structured and raised over $2B for private investment programs. Prior to joining the Empire team, Byron served as CEO of Paulson Investment Company, LLC and President with Advanced Equities, Inc., where he acted as external Placement Agent for Empire’s family of Phoenix-based real estate funds. Mr. Crowe was also Founder and Executive Vice President of LaSalle St Capital Markets, Inc. which provided the Capital Markets services for LaSalle St Securities, LLC, a regional Broker Dealer with over 500 registered representatives. Mr. Crowe is a graduate of the University of Iowa earning his Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting. Mr. Crowe is a FINRA registered representative with Series 7, 24, 55, 63, and 79 designations.




 

Edward Barasch
Senior Advisor
Mr. Barasch is presently engaged as a consultant to the Empire Group of Companies, responsible for the property disposition programs of the Empire Residential Opportunity Funds.  He holds an Arizona real estate broker license.  Before returning to the Empire Group, Mr. Barasch was Vice President, Acquisitions and Director of Acquisitions (West) for Progress Residential, a large ($2.5 billion) institutional single family home rental fund, from September 2012 through June 2014.  He was responsible for the acquisition of more than 5,000 homes in 14 markets throughout the US.  Prior to joining Progress, Mr. Barasch was responsible for acquiring homes for the Empire Residential Opportunity Funds.  Mr. Barasch was semi-retired from 2000 until 2010 and was engaged as an investor in single family homes in Phoenix.  From 1979 through 2000, based in the San Francisco Bay area, he was President of GALE Services Corporation, financing and operating equipment leasing businesses (heavy duty trucks and personal computers) in the western US.    His earlier career included 8 years with ITEL Leasing Corporation where he was Vice President, Fleet Services, a business that he conceived and started.  At ITEL he was also responsible for creating ITEL do Brasil SA, the company’s entry into the Mercosur group of countries in South America.  Prior to his ITEL experience he worked for Alphanumeric Corporation, one of the companies that pioneered electronic typesetting and was also an IBM salesperson.  He graduated from Cornell University with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and attended New York University in their MBA program.




 

Paul Nunez
Director of Investor Services
Mr. Nunez serves as Director of Investor Services for the Empire Group. In this role, Mr. Nunez is responsible for investor services, operations processing, and oversight of various service providers. Prior to coming to Empire Group, Mr. Nunez has extensive experience within Financial and Investor Services and has worked within the financial services industry for over 15 years. Mr. Nunez has also worked as a Relationship Manager for Cole Capital where he was responsible for building and maintaining relationships with advisors and assisting them with their real estate investment needs. Mr. Nunez’s previous experience also includes positions with Charles Schwab and The Vanguard Group. Mr. Nunez received his bachelor’s degree in Business from Northern Arizona University was previously FINRA registered with Series 6, 7 and 63. 




 

Lauren Broeman
Controller
Ms. Broeman has worked in Commercial Construction and Manufacturing accounting and finance for over 25 years. She has acted as Consultant and Controller for multiple remote clients engaged in building, manufacturing, publishing, and construction industries. For 16 years she acted as Treasurer, Controller, and CFO for Homes & Son Contractors. Her financial management allowed her to capture a yearly gain of $100K in interest revenue for the company. As controller for building and construction companies, Lauren has expert knowledge in capital expenditures, cash flow projections, budget and revenue forecasting, as well as extensive experience and knowledge of construction procedures and cost mitigation. Her audit expertise reclaimed $65K in payable sales tax for one of her remote clients, experience she used in her very first project with Empire, the annual year-end Fund audits. Ms. Broeman joined The Empire Group of Companies at the end of 2014. As Controller, she gathers, reviews, and balances all financials for 40+ companies and prepares them for review by CFO and outside tax accountants and auditors. She performs budget vs. cost analyses for special construction projects and budget reviews for all land development.




 

Mark Kass
Director of Property Management
Mr. Kass started his real estate career in 1990 working for his brother at Kass Management Services as an onsite manager for a luxury downtown  high rise in Chicago.  In 1993, Mr. Kass joined ICM Properties, Inc., a Chicago property management firm with over $100,000,000 in assets under management.  Mr. Kass started as a leasing agent, and over the years, was promoted  to Operations Manager responsible for overseeing a portfolio  of over 1,500 units.   In 2000, Mr. Kass moved to the valley to start his own property management firm, T&M Management & TerMar Property Maintenance Services.  T&M and TerMar managed a portfolio of over 1000 single-family and multi-family assets and generated annual net revenues exceeding two million.  As Director of Property Management, Mr. Kass brings 26 years of expertise to The Empire Group.  Mr. Kass holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Liberal Arts and English from Northern Illinois University.  He holds Arizona and Illinois real estate licenses. 




 

Shona Peterson
Accounts Payable/Receivable 
DETAILS COMING SOON




 

Marissa Mudrock
Executive Assistant
DETAILS COMING SOON




 

Tracy Grewe
Land Development Coordinator




 

Dani Lanz
Director of Sales and Marketing
dani@thevillasatbakerpark.com




 

Renae Penuel
Accounting
DETAILS COMING SOON




















