







Enable Injections – Enable Your Portfolio











































About

Our Mission
Our History
Executive Team
Board of Directors
Our Awards


Technology

Delivery Device
Delivery System
Human Factors


News
Careers
Contact Us
 






Empowered, effective and enabled, everywhere they wear it.






Enable your portfolio!
Enable Injections develops and manufactures on-body delivery devices that allow your patients to self-administer high volume (up to 50 ml) and/or high viscosity therapeutics. Utilized to bring a new product to market, support lifecycle management (i.v. to s.c.; changes to dosing frequency), reduce overall healthcare costs (move from hospital to the home), or to increase product differentiation, our aim is to assist you in striving for a leadership position by innovating to improve the patient experience. Enable, enhance and differentiate your portfolio!









BIO-PHARMA ADVANTAGES

High Volume
Standard container closure
Flexible Dosing
A Platform Technology
Differentiation







USER ADVANTAGES

Discreet – small, low profile, light-weight
Automatic warming of refrigerated drug
Comfortable injection – fast or controlled
Minimum Administration Time







DISRUPTING THE NEWS
“These advanced devices make possible subcutaneous injection of up to 50 mL of even the most viscous formulation of large doses to enable, or enhance and differentiate injectable therapies.”













Delivery Device – Enable Injections











































About

Our Mission
Our History
Executive Team
Board of Directors
Our Awards


Technology

Delivery Device
Delivery System
Human Factors


News
Careers
Contact Us
 



Technology - The On-Body Delivery Device 




Quick Links

Delivery Device
Delivery System
Human Factors




The Enable injector is designed to provide the user with a safe, simple, and discreet device that provides a controlled and comfortable flow of drug at a rate that adapts to the user.
The injector design is based on over 12 years of research in minimizing injection pain with numerous Human Factors studies conducted. The Enable Injector incorporates a unique ‘pause function’ that allows the user to pause the injection at any time. There are several sizes: up to 5 ml, 10 ml, 20 ml, 30 ml, 40 ml, and 50 ml capacity. All injectors follow the simple steps shown below.




Step 1

Remove Injector from Transfer System and place on skin
Adhesive backing is automatically exposed






Step 2

Remove the safety tab
Tab can be removed in any direction






Step 3

Press Button
Needle is automatically inserted
Controlled flow of drug begins
Gauge in window shows injection progress






Step 4

Remove and dispose of the device
Button automatically retracts needle and locks-out
Audible/Tactile/Visible and discrete end-of-dose indication
Needle is never exposed



















Enable Injections And Flex Partner For Production Of Wearable High Volume Injectors - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Enable Injections And Flex Partner For Production Of Wearable High Volume Injectors






Business Wire




Feb 3, 2016 6:00 AM EST













 




























































  Enable Injections Inc., the developer and manufacturer of wearable medical devices that enable easy patient self-administration of high volume injectable drugs, has entered into a product development and manufacturing partnership with Flex (NASDAQ:FLEX), the global sketch-to-scale solutions company that designs and builds intelligent products for a connected world.  As part of the deal, Enable Injections and Flex will collaborate on the design, development and production of customized wearable injector systems for pharmaceutical company products and clinical trials.  "Effective design of wearable medical devices requires that we innovate on multiple fronts, pushing the boundaries of wearable technology, medical device development, and manufacturing processes," said Paul Humphries, president of High Reliability Solutions at Flex. "With their track record of quality and innovation, Enable Injections is an ideal partner in this process. We are proud to have been selected as Enable Injections' manufacturing partner, and thrilled to be helping bring innovative, high quality wearable medical devices to the pharmaceutical and biotech industries."  According to Enable Injections, the company's novel injectors - based on pain-free injection technology and preferred by patient panels - provide customers with numerous advantages, including:   Subcutaneous delivery of up to 50 mL doses of high volume and/or viscous biologics   Ability to monitor compliance and capture data utilizing optional Bluetooth connectivity and a mobile app to provide a connected healthcare solution   Passive warming of drug product, eliminating the 30-minute wait for refrigerated vials to reach room temperature   Automated mixing and reconstitution, reducing formulation time and drug development costs   Use of standard vials, cartridges and syringes, and existing container closures   Facilitation of in-home therapy, reducing healthcare system costs    "Flex is the recognized leader in high volume manufacturing of body-worn injection systems. We very much look forward to partnering with Flex to satisfy pharmaceutical and biotech company requirements for high reliability, high volume manufacturing," said Michael D. Hooven, Enable Injections' President and CEO.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Jim Cramer Reveals the 'Terrific Technology Company' Partnering With Nike
Nike was upgraded by Morgan Stanley.



Jim Cramer

Jul 20, 2017 11:42 AM EDT
























Fedex, Apple Are on a Roll Explains Jim Cramer
There's been a delayed response to the good news for some companies.



Jim Cramer

Jun 27, 2017 4:19 PM EDT
























Cramer: These Stocks Are Playing Catch-Up
There's been a delayed response to the good news for some companies.



Jim Cramer

Jun 23, 2017 2:22 PM EDT
























Nike and Adidas Could Be on Verge of Unleashing Something Financially Game-Changing
A Morgan Stanley analysis predicts supply chain improvements could transform sneaker stocks.



Laura Berman

Jun 7, 2017 11:59 PM EDT








































 











Trending


Starbucks Shares Are Crashing; Go Out and Buy!


Here's How You Can Get a Decent Job at Amazon on August 2


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride


Amazon's Disappointment Sinks Wall Street


Don't Buy the Hype, Twitter Isn't Dead Yet; AT&T, Verizon Prove Their Worth











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 




















News – Enable Injections











































About

Our Mission
Our History
Executive Team
Board of Directors
Our Awards


Technology

Delivery Device
Delivery System
Human Factors


News
Careers
Contact Us
 



News 




Upcoming Events

Jul, 25 - 27, 2017

                        15th Annual Congress of International Drug Discovery Science & TechnologyOsaka, Japan                      


Oct, 16 - 17, 2017

                        Wearable Drug Delivery Devices ConferenceLondon, UK                      


Oct, 19 - 20, 2017

                        Partnership Opportunities in Drug Delivery (PODD)Boston, MA                      


Nov, 7 - 8, 2017

                        The Universe of Pre-filled Syringes and Injection DevicesVienna, Austria                      


Nov, 28 - 29, 2017

                        29th annual Piper Jaffray Healthcare Conference,New York, NY                      


Jan, 22- 24, 2018

                        Drug Delivery PartnershipsPalm Beach Gardens, FL                      




Articles

ENABLE INJECTIONS FINDS FERTILE ENVIRONMENT FOR GROWTH IN GREATER CINCINNATI

                        July, 17, 2017 - REDI Cincinnati



BEYOND CONNECTIVITY: ENABLE & FLEX ANNOUNCE THE ENABLE SMART DEVICE

                        June, 2017 - ONdrugDelivery



Combination Products: Enable Injections' Large-Volume Wearable Injector Solves the Problem of Biologics Delivery

                        May, 23, 2017 - MM&M



Enable Injections Inc.: Large-Volume Injectors Differentiate Combination Products

                        May, 2017 - Drug Development & Delivery



Marketing outside the box

                        May, 2017 - PharmaTimes



Solving the problem of biologic delivery: Large volume wearable injectors

                        Apr, 13, 2017 - BiotechBlog



Expiring Biologics? Not So Fast

                        Mar, 21, 2017 - pharmaLEADERS



My Other Life with Mike Hooven

                        Mar, 17, 2017 - PM360



Disruptive Delivery Technology Partnerships Are Key to Pharmaceutical Life Cycle Management

                        Jan, 18, 2017 - Drug Development & Delivery



ENABLE INJECTIONS: A Patient-Friendly Device for the Self-Administration of Biologics

                        Dec, 22, 2016 - MedTech Strategist



These are the Cincinnati startups to watch in 2017

                        Dec, 27, 2016 - Cincinnati Business Courier



Disruptive Delivery Technology Partnerships

                        Nov,23,2016 - PM360



Sophisticated Connected Wearables: Boosting Biologics ’ Compliance, Value & Patient Satisfaction

                        Oct, 05, 2016 - Drug Development & Delivery



Pharma Company Innovation & Lifecycle Management: Delivery Devices as the New Key to Product Success

                        Sep, 19, 2016 - ONdrugDelivery



Delivery Science Can Play a Significant Role in Patient-Focused Innovation While Reducing Drug Prices, Health System Costs

                        Aug, 24, 2016 - Controlled Release Society



Industry Perspectives

                        Jul, 07, 2016 - Drug Development & Delivery


News Releases

Enable Injections Introduces First Multi-Vial/Multi-Syringe Biologics Delivery System For Several Pharma Partners at BIO 2017

                        Jun, 19, 2017 - PR Newswire



2017 Innovation & Technology Award winner: Enable Injections

                        Apr, 28, 2017 - Cincinnati Business Courier



CincyTech 2016: Here We Grow

                        Nov,15,2016 - cincytech



Enable Injections Closes $30M Series A Financing Led by ORI Healthcare

                        Oct, 05, 2016 - Business Wire



Enable Injections Completes Cincinnati Manufacturing Facility for On-Body Delivery Systems

                        Jun, 14, 2016 - Drug Development & Delivery



CincyTech predicts 600 new jobs with $30M fund

                        Apr, 18, 2016 - Cincinnati.com



Enable Injections and Flex Partner for Production of Wearable High Volume Injectors

                        Feb, 03, 2016 - BusinessWire


Clinical Trials

ENABLE INJECTIONS COMPLETES ITS FIRST-IN-HUMAN WEARABLE INJECTOR PILOT TRIAL

                        Sep, 09, 2015 - Business Wire











	Enable Injections, Inc. | Company Profiles | Company Profile | Blank Design

































































Subscriptions | Contact Us
Article Guidelines | About Us








NEWS
BACK ISSUES
EXECUTIVE INTERVIEWS
MEDIA PLANNER
RESOURCE DIRECTORY
EVENTS
SEARCH






























Enable Injections, Inc.
Posted Date: 10/26/2016


    









ENABLE INJECTIONS,
INC


2863 E.
Sharon Road


Cincinnati,
OH 45241


T:
(513) 326 -2800


E: Info@enableinjections.com
 


W: www.enableinjections.com


 


 


Meeting
the Rising Need in Delivering Biological Treatments


Enable Injections’ technology is designed
to meet the delivery needs of biologics treatments which comprise an increasing
focus in product development. The Enable Injections on-body delivery system can
address the new set of challenges and deliver these high volume, often highly
viscous therapeutics to the patient in an effective, safe, and affordable means
that cannot be addressed by legacy injection systems. Enable Injections is
introducing their line of a new class of devices to deliver these drugs
subcutaneously, by patients at home, with the potential to help revolutionize
treatment of cancer, autoimmune deficiencies,
blood disorders and a range of other conditions. Enable Injections intends to
create market leading biologics delivery devices that meet the most pressing
needs of pharmaceutical companies while enabling easy patient
self-administration.


 


The
Enable On-Body Delivery System


Founded by medical device veterans,
Enable Injections develops and manufactures medical devices for convenient
self-administration of high volume subcutaneous injectable drugs. The Enable
on-body delivery system (OBDS) consists of a single injector up to 5 ml, 10 ml,
20 /30 ml, 40 ml, and 50 ml capacity - and associated transfer


system (Syringe, Vial, or Fully-Automated
Reconstitution) that intuitively transfers drug from the original primary
container closure to the injector. Therefore, the system does not require any
change to the primary container, ensuring further drug stability studies and new
product or assembly lines are not required.


 


Enable’s
Solution for Pharma


The Enable OBDS provides the potential
solution for delivery of high volume subcutaneous products to enable, enhance,
and differentiate the biopharmaceutical portfolio. This can be achieved through
differentiating the new innovative pipeline of pharma – such as with products
of similar mechanisms of action – by improving


patient compliance/persistence to
therapy, or through life cycle management of current biological drug products.
For relevant products life cycle management opportunities supported by use of the
Enable system include facilitating the delivery of intravenous


formulations to subcutaneous delivery
or by reducing the dose frequency of current subcutaneous formulations through
increasing the dose volume.


 


Enable’s
Solution for Patients & Healthcare


The Enable OBDS is designed for the
patient to self-administer at home, potentially replacing infusions at a health
facility and improving cost effectiveness of biological therapies.
Additionally, the injector is designed to have a friendly looking appeal to
reduce anxiety; provide the smallest profile and size for highest delivery volume;
promote user mobility and be simple/intuitive to use. 








Popularity:This record has been viewed 4996 times.

       




















NEWS
BACK ISSUES
EXECUTIVE INTERVIEWS
MEDIA PLANNER
RESOURCE DIRECTORY
EVENTS
SEARCH






Copyright © 2017  Drug Development & Delivery All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy / Terms and Conditions

















Loading...










Enable Injections Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























enable injections inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Medical Equipment & Devices
Sub-Industry: Medical Devices
Enable Injections, Inc. develops and manufactures medical devices. The Company offers body-worn injectable devices including syringe and vial transfer and fully-automated reconstitution systems. Enable Injections serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

2863 East Sharon Road
Cincinnati, OH 45241
United States


Phone:
1-513-326-2800


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.enableinjections.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Michael D Hooven "Mike"


President/CEO







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












      Enable Injections Takes on $30M From ORI Healthcare  - WSJ
    
































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      ‘Skinny’ Repeal of Obamacare Fails in Senate
                    











                      U.S. GDP Advanced 2.6% in Second Quarter
                    











                      Senators Move to Block Trump From Ousting Sessions
                    











                      Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers
                    











                      Big Oil Posts Healthy Profits
                    











                      Russia to Kick Out Some U.S. Diplomats Over Sanctions
                    











                      Pakistan Prime Minister Removed From Office Over Panama Papers
                    











                        Tax Report
                      

                      Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many
                    











                      Sapphire Reserve Cards Not So Rewarding for J.P. Morgan
                    











                      Fans of Rooster Teeth Flock to Live Events
                    











                      Cheap Eggs Flood U.S. Grocery Stores
                    











                      Can Chewing Gum Boost Your Golf Game?
                    











                        Globalization in Retreat
                      

                      China’s Next Target: U.S. Microchip Hegemony
                    











                        The A-hed
                      

                      Spain Has a Debt Problem and So Now It Has a Zorro Problem
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 











                    New Money
                




Enable Injections Takes on $30M From ORI Healthcare 

 






By

Brian Gormley


Brian Gormley
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyBrian Gormley
brian.gormley@wsj.com




  Oct. 5, 2016 6:33 p.m. ET





Enable Injections Inc., which has developed a wearable product for injecting biological drugs, said it has closed a $30 million Series A round led by ORI Healthcare Fund. CincyTech, CintriFuse, Cincinnati Children’s Hospital Medical Center, and Ohio Innovation Fund also participated. Cincinnati-based Enable said its lightweight device...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









'Big Six' Leave Border Adjustment Out of Tax Principles






Most Popular Articles








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Hanging Nude Paintings in Your Home: So Out, They’re In





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









'Big Six' Leave Border Adjustment Out of Tax Principles






Most Popular Articles








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Hanging Nude Paintings in Your Home: So Out, They’re In





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 

















Enable Injections Completes Cincinnati Manufacturing Facility for On Body Delivery Systems 










































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Enable Injections Completes Cincinnati Manufacturing Facility for On Body Delivery Systems
Wearable High Volume Injectors Clinical Trials to Begin



















June 07, 2016 06:00 ET

 | Source: Enable Injections, LLC

photo-release




10ml-Injector_Mom_AbdomenPlacement.jpg


 

For teams developing injectable biologics and high volume drugs up to 50 mL, new, advanced wearable delivery technology automates lyophilization and makes development of stable, bioavailable, clinically relevant formulations easier, faster, and less costly.



SAN FRANCISCO, June  07, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Enable Injections Inc., the developer of wearable medical devices that enable easy, at-home self-administration of high volume injectable drugs and biologics, opens its new Cincinnati manufacturing facility this month, the company announced today at the BIO meeting in San Francisco. A photo accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/e7383b4a-029a-4cda-aa2e-b0e0d9545b24 Enable Injections’ advanced On Body Delivery Systems (OBDS) – based on injection technology associated with a more comfortable experience and preferred by patient panels – provide pharmaceutical and biotech companies with numerous advantages, including: Subcutaneous delivery of up to 50 mL doses of high volume and/or viscous biologicsQuick, passive warming of drug product while device fills, eliminating the 30-minute wait time for refrigerated vials to reach room temperatureAllows use of existing container closures, including standard vials, cartridges and syringes.Automated mixing and reconstitution available, reducing formulation time and drug development costsFacilitation of in-home therapy, significantly reducing healthcare system costsAbility to monitor compliance and capture data utilizing optional Bluetooth connectivity and a mobile app to provide a connected healthcare solution “Our newly certified facility with its clean room, warehousing capacity and exceptional process flow, rivals any pharmaceutical company manufacturing facility,” said Operations Manager and pharmaceutical industry veteran Tom Docherty. Small scale OBDS manufacturing has begun at the Ohio facility with clinical trials commencing in the near future. The scalable 41,000 square foot Cincinnati facility, with a second clean room planned, will manufacture device quantities of up to one million units. In February, Enable Injections and Flex entered into a product development and manufacturing partnership for large scale builds of over a million device units. “Our many pharmaceutical company partners and site visitors who are considering cross labeled or co-packaged product have been impressed,” said Eileen Rogers, VP of Operations who previously served as Senior Director of Operations at Amylin, where she also worked with Eli Lilly, Bristol Myers Squibb and AstraZeneca. “We look forward to continuing to work with partners to develop patient-friendly drug delivery technology that shows great potential to add value to the healthcare system by boosting compliance while lowering costs,” said Enable Injections CEO Michael Hooven. Please visit us at BIO booth #7437. About Enable Injections Founded in February 2010 by medical device industry veterans, Cincinnati, OH-based Enable Injections develops and manufactures wearable devices that allow easy, comfortable patient self-administration of high volume/viscosity drugs for pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry investigational use. The Enable body-worn Injector utilizes any standard container closure system, including syringe or vial; automatically warms and can automatically mix lyophilized solutions. www.enableinjections.com.Media Contact:
Edna Kaplan
781-639-1910
kaplan@kogspr.com


Related Articles
other press releases by Enable Injections, LLC








Profile

Enable Injections, LLC





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Cincinnati, Ohio, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
Media Contact:
Edna Kaplan
781-639-1910
kaplan@kogspr.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



10ml-Injector_Mom_AbdomenPlacement.jpg


(JPEG - 374 x 800)




IMAGE URL | Copy the link below
            















For teams developing injectable biologics and high volume drugs up to 50 mL, new, advanced wearable delivery technology automates lyophilization and makes development of stable, bioavailable, clinically relevant formulations easier, faster, and less costly.


Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Large
                        



Medium


Small
















Enable Injections, LLC  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        








Tags
Enable Injections
wearable high volume injectors
biologics
drug delivery
San Francisco
Cincinnati
pharmaceuticals














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.





