










 













Endesa Americas S.A. (EOCA) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for May 13, 2016 - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Endesa Americas S.A. (EOCA) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for May 13, 2016


May 12, 2016, 09:00:04 AM EDT
By NASDAQ.com News









































Shutterstock photo


Endesa Americas S.A. (
EOCA

) will begin trading ex-dividend on May 13, 2016. A cash dividend
payment of $0.425127 per share Shareholders who purchased EOCA
prior to the ex-dividend date are eligible for the cash dividend
payment. At the current stock price of $13.53, the dividend yield
is 12.57%.
The previous trading day's last sale of EOCA was $13.53,
representing a -5.45% decrease from the 52 week high of $14.31 and
a 12.75% increase over the 52 week low of $12.
EOCA is a part of the Public Utilities sector, which includes
companies such as NextEra Energy, Inc. (
NEE

) and Southern Company (
SO

).
For more information on the declaration, record and payment
dates, visit the
EOCA
Dividend History

page. Our

Dividend Calendar

has the full list of stocks that have an ex-dividend today.



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
News Headlines                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        EOCA
                                    
, 

                                        NEE
                                    
, 

                                        SO
                                    












More from NASDAQ.com News



Subscribe


















Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Booming Commercial Jet Deliveries Boost Embraer


						7/28/2017 11:52 AM
					



WisdomTree Falls Short Despite Attracting More Assets


						7/28/2017 11:52 AM
					



Deckers' Gloomy Outlook Overshadows Solid Results


						7/28/2017 11:43 AM
					














Contributor:NASDAQ.com News
Market News



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





NEE








86%



Rate It





SO








90%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































Endesa Américas S.A.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 12:24 PM ET
Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers

Company Overview of Endesa Américas S.A.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of December 1, 2016, Endesa Américas S.A. was acquired by Enersis Américas S.A. Endesa Américas S.A. engages in the generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity. It generates electricity through hydroelectric and thermal power plants. As of December 31, 2015, the company had 8,777 megawatts of installed capacity with 81 generation units in Argentina, Colombia, and Peru. It also invests in combined entities or associates that are dealing with generating, transmitting, distribution, or marketing of the electric power in Brazil. The company is headquartered in Santiago, Chile.



No. 76, Avenida Santa RosaSantiago,  8330099Chile1,329 Employees



Phone: 56 22 353 4639








Key Executives for Endesa Américas S.A.


Endesa Américas S.A. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Endesa Américas S.A. Key Developments

Endesa Américas S.A. Files Form 15
Dec 20 16
Endesa Américas S.A. has announced that it has filed a Form 15 with the Securities and Exchange Commission to voluntarily deregister its American Depositary Shares, each representing 30 shares of common stock, no par value under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.



Endesa Américas ADSs To Be Ceased Trading On The New York Stock Exchange 
Nov 21 16
Enersis Américas S.A. (the  "Company") announced that the pending merger of Endesa Américas S.A. ("Endesa Américas") and Chilectra Américas S.A. ("Chilectra Américas") into the Company (the "Merger") will be effective as of midnight (the beginning of the day) on December 1, 2016 (the "Effective Date"). Endesa Américas ADSs will cease trading on the New York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE") prior to the opening of the market on the Effective Date and will be delisted from the NYSE. However, Enersis Américas ADSs to be issued in connection with the Merger will trade on the NYSE on a "when issued" basis starting on the Effective Date and continuing until Enersis Américas shares underlying the ADSs are issued in Chile following receipt of the necessary regulatory approvals in Chile. The Company will announce the date to be established for the exchange of shares and ADSs in the Merger once it has been determined.


Endesa Américas S.A. Reports Consolidated Earnings Results for the Seven Months Ended September 30, 2016
Nov 7 16
Endesa Américas S.A. reported consolidated earnings results for the seven months ended September 30, 2016. For the period, the company reported revenue of CHF 766,289 million, sales of CHF 727,746, EBITDA of CHF 366,375 million, operating income of CHF 306,079 million, net income before taxes of CHF 271,625 million, net income from continuing operations of CHF 204,408 million, net income to owners of the parent of CHF 106,279 million or CHF 12.96 per share. Net cash flows from operating activities was CHF 347,029 million. Investment activities resulted in a CHF 93,688 million negative cash flow, mainly related to the purchase of property, plants and equipment for CHF 97,580 million.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 Aela Energia S.L. Americas Antuko Energy S.A. Americas Asesorias e Inversiones Quilicura S.A. Americas Asociación Chilena de Energía Solar AG Americas Atacama Energy SPA Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      October 29, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Endesa Américas S.A., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close















































 



 Endesa Américas Announces Spin-off By Endesa Chile Of Endesa Américas 
         










    










 













 











 



















Endesa Américas Announces Spin-off By Endesa Chile Of Endesa Américas
        																																						
              











 News provided by
Endesa Américas S.A.  
Apr 04, 2016, 21:32 ET









 Share this article




























































SANTIAGO, Chile, April 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ENDESA AMÉRICAS S.A. (NYSE:    EOCA) today announced that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") has declared effective the Registration Statement on Form 20-F filed by Endesa Américas (the "Registration Statement") in connection with the spin-off by Empresa Nacional de Electricidad S.A. (NYSE:    EOC) ("Endesa Chile") of Endesa Américas (the "Spin-off"). Each holder of record of (i) Endesa Chile common stock as of April 14, 2016 (the "Record Date"), will have the right to receive one share of Endesa Américas common stock for each share of Endesa Chile common stock held, and (ii) American Depositary Shares ("ADSs") of Endesa Chile as of the Record Date will have the right to receive one ADS of Endesa Américas for each ADS of Endesa Chile held.  








The Spin-off was approved at an Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting of Endesa Chile held on December 18, 2015. Endesa Chile shareholders will not be required to (i) pay for the shares of Endesa Américas common stock to be received by them in the Spin-Off, (ii) surrender or exchange shares of Endesa Chile common stock in order to receive Endesa Américas common stock, (iii) take any other action in connection with the Spin-Off.  
Endesa Américas and shares of Endesa Américas common stock are being registered with the Chilean Superintendence of Securities and Insurance (Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros, or the "SVS"). The SVS has not approved or disapproved of the securities (including in the form of ADSs).
Persons holding Endesa Chile ADSs in the facilities of The Depositary Trust Company ("DTC") will receive the distribution of Endesa Américas ADSs by book entry only, through the facilities of DTC on or about  April 26, 2016 (the "Distribution Date"). Persons holding Endesa Chile ADSs directly will receive the distribution of Endesa Américas ADSs in the form of certificated American Depositary Receipts ("ADRs"), representing Endesa Américas ADSs on or about the Distribution Date.
The distribution of Endesa Américas common stock and ADSs are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions including, but not limited to, registration of the shares of common stock with the SVS, the receipt of approval to list the shares of common stock on the Santiago Stock Exchange, the Valparaiso Stock Exchange and the Electronic Stock Exchange in Chile, and the other conditions summarized in the Registration Statement.
In the event there are any changes to the Record Date or the Distribution Date, Endesa Chile and Endesa Américas will publish any such changes in a press release that will also be furnished on a Form 6-K. In addition, Endesa Américas will coordinate with Citibank N.A., its depositary, to give at least 10 days' notice of any changes to the Record Date to the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") in accordance with NYSE's requirements.
There is currently no market for Endesa Américas common stock. The NYSE has authorized the listing of Endesa Américas ADRs under the symbol 'EOCA,' subject to official notice of distribution. Concurrent with the commencement of "regular way" trading of the Endesa Américas ADSs on the NYSE under the symbol 'EOCA', the ticker symbol for Endesa Chile's ADSs is expected to change from 'EOC' to 'EOCC'.
The Registration Statement filed with the SEC contains information about Endesa Américas and its businesses, details regarding the distribution of Endesa Américas ADSs and other important information. The Registration Statement is available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov (http://www.sec.gov/).
Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the completion of the Spin-Off, timing of "when-issued" and "regular-way" trading and trading on the NYSE, Santiago Stock Exchange, the Electronic Stock Exchange and the Valparaíso Stock Exchange, conditions to the distribution, and statements about the objectives of the Spin-off, Endesa Américas' strategy and other non-historical matters. These statements are based on management's current expectations or beliefs, and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause the actual results to differ materially from those indicated in our forward-looking statements. Such risks include a failure to successfully separate Endesa Américas from Endesa Chile, the satisfaction of conditions of the Spin-off, including the receipt of required approvals (including from the SVS), the ability of Endesa Américas' businesses to continue to grow and develop according to their business development plans, trends in the industries in which Endesa Américas' businesses operate, customer demand, the competitive landscape in which Endesa Américas' businesses operate, changes in regulation applicable to Endesa Américas' business, competition risk, regulatory risk, financial markets risk, operational risks, and other risks and factors, including those set forth under the heading "Risk Factors" in Endesa Américas' Registration Statement. Except as required by law, Endesa América undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Contact Information
For further information, please contact us:




Investor Relations Departmente-mail: ir.endesacl@enel.comPhone: +56-22353-4682Address: Santa Rosa 76,Santiago, Chile










To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/endesa-americas-announces-spin-off-by-endesa-chile-of-endesa-americas-300246043.html
SOURCE  Endesa Américas S.A.



 












May 02, 2016, 17:52 ET
Preview: Endesa Americas Announces The Filing Of The 2015 Annual Report On Form 20-F






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Endesa Américas Announces Spin-off By Endesa Chile Of Endesa Américas


 News provided by
Endesa Américas S.A.  
Apr 04, 2016, 21:32 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 























 



 Enersis Américas S.A. Announces Expirations and Results of Tender Offers for Common Shares and ADSs 
         










    










 













 











 



















Enersis Américas S.A. Announces Expirations and Results of Tender Offers for Common Shares and ADSs of Endesa Américas S.A. and Statutory Merger Dissenters' Withdrawal Rights Exercises
        																																
              











 News provided by
Enersis Américas  
Oct 31, 2016, 08:56 ET









 Share this article




























































SANTIAGO, Chile, Oct. 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ENERSIS AMÉRICAS S.A. ("Enersis Américas") today announced the results of its tender offers for the outstanding common shares and American Depositary Shares ("ADSs") of Endesa Américas, S.A. ("Endesa Américas") not already owned by Enersis Américas.








Enersis Américas made a tender offer in Chile for common shares of Endesa Américas other than shares held by Enersis Américas (the "Chilean Offer") and a concurrent tender offer in the United States for common shares held by U.S. holders and for ADSs held by all holders (the "U.S. Offer", and together with the Chilean Offer, the "Offers").  Each ADS represents 30 common shares of Endesa Américas.  The Chilean Offer and the U.S. Offer each commenced on September 14, 2016 and expired at 4:30 p.m., New York City time, on October 28, 2016.
No common shares and 406,062 ADSs have been tendered pursuant to the U.S. Offer. In addition, according to the definitive notice of result published today by Enersis Américas in Chile, a total of 252,998,204 common shares have been tendered pursuant to the Chilean Offer. The common shares and ADSs tendered pursuant to the Offers, represent an aggregate of 265,180,064 common shares of Endesa Américas.
All common shares and ADSs tendered in the Offers have been accepted for payment and will be paid on November 3, 2016, in accordance with Chilean practice.
Prior to the completion of the Offers, Enersis Américas owned approximately 60.0% of the common shares of Endesa Américas.  Based on preliminary results, upon purchase of the common shares and ADSs of Endesa Américas pursuant to the Offers, Enersis Américas' ownership in Endesa Américas will increase to 5,184,668,858 common shares (including those represented by ADSs) or approximately 63.2% of the total outstanding common shares of Endesa Américas, which will leave 3,017,085,722 common shares of Endesa Américas (including those represented by 6,968,704 ADSs) held by parties other than Enersis Américas.
Previously, on October 29, 2016, Enersis Américas, Endesa Américas and Chilectra Américas S.A. ("Chilectra Américas") had also announced by means of essential facts (hechos esenciales) that, as of the expiration of the statutory merger dissenters' withdrawal rights period in connection with the pending merger of Endesa Américas and Chilectra Américas with and into Enersis Américas, the statutory merger dissenters' withdrawal rights exercised by shareholders of the merging companies did not exceed: (i) 10% of the outstanding shares of Enersis Américas; (ii) 10% of the outstanding shares of Endesa Américas; and (iii) 0.91% of the outstanding shares of Chilectra Américas. Enersis Américas also announced that following the exercise of statutory merger dissenters' withdrawal rights, as of the end of such exercise period, no shareholder will own more than 65% of Enersis Américas.
This announcement is for information purposes only and does not constitute the legal announcement required under Chilean law of the final results of the Chilean Offer, which announcement is being made in Chile today.
A Schedule TO/13E-3, as amended, and a Schedule 14D-9 have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and are publicly available on the SEC website (www.sec.gov). Shareholders are encouraged to read these documents for important and more detailed information regarding the U.S. Offer.




 Contact Information 


 For further information, please contact us: 





 Pedro Cañamero 


 Investor Relations Director 


 (56-2) 2353 4682 pedro.canamerog@enel.com  








 Jorge Velis Head of Investor Relations (56-2) 2353 4552 jorge.velis@enel.com  

 Itziar Letzkus Investor Relations Associate (56-2) 2353 4681 itziar.letzkus@enel.com  





To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/enersis-americas-sa-announces-expirations-and-results-of-tender-offers-for-common-shares-and-adss-of-endesa-americas-sa-and-statutory-merger-dissenters-withdrawal-rights-exercises-300353990.html
SOURCE Enersis Américas



 






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Enersis Américas S.A. Announces Expirations and Results of Tender Offers for Common Shares and ADSs of Endesa Américas S.A. and Statutory Merger Dissenters' Withdrawal Rights Exercises


 News provided by
Enersis Américas  
Oct 31, 2016, 08:56 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 



Fitch Affirms Enersis Americas S.A.'s IDRs at 'BBB'; Outlook Stable | Business Wire


























































      Fitch Affirms Enersis Americas S.A.'s IDRs at 'BBB'; Outlook Stable
    





September 28, 2016 05:51 PM Eastern Daylight Time



CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings has affirmed Enersis Americas S.A.'s Long-Term Foreign and 
      Local currency Issuer Default Ratings (IDRs) at 'BBB', and long-term 
      national scale rating at 'AA-(cl)'. The Rating Outlook is Stable. A 
      complete list of rating actions follows at the end of this press release.
    

      KEY RATING DRIVERS
    

      The ratings affirmation follows the company's recent announcement to 
      proceed with a public acquisition of shares ("OPA" by its Spanish 
      acronym) for all shares issued by Endesa Americas S.A. The OPA expires 
      on October 28. This is one of the last steps of the company's 
      reorganization process that started last year and it is expected that 
      the merger will be effective during 2016. The ratings incorporate the 
      assumption that Enersis Americas S.A.'s organizational structure will be 
      simplified by merging the intermediary entities Endesa Americas S.A. and 
      Chilectra Americas S.A. After the transaction has been completed, Endesa 
      Americas' and Chilectra Americas' shares will be exchanged for Enersis 
      Americas' shares.
    

      The operation will be funded with a combination of cash on hand, and 
      incremental debt. Shareholders will have 30 days to exercise their 
      withdrawal rights after Enersis Americas, Endesa Americas and Chilectra 
      Americas approve the merger during their respective extraordinary 
      shareholder meetings. Today, each of the entities approved the merger. 
      Enersis Americas', Endesa Americas' and Chilectra Americas' 
      shareholders' deadline to exercise their withdrawal rights is Oct. 28, 
      2016.
    

      If shareholders exercising the withdrawal rights for Enersis Americas, 
      Endesa Americas and Chilectra Americas exceed 10.0%, 10.0% and 0.91% 
      respectively, the merger will not be formalized and the company may call 
      for another shareholders meeting to submit the merger to a new vote. 
      Fitch believes the future conclusion of the tender offer and merge of 
      Endesa Americas S.A. and Chilectra Americas S.A. into Enersis Americas 
      S.A. is neutral to the company's ratings.
    

      Enersis Americas' investment grade ratings reflect its solid business 
      platform with a strong degree of business and geographic 
      diversification, and solid financial/operational metrics. Enersis 
      Americas operates in four countries in the generation, transmission and 
      distribution businesses, yet is confronted by several economic 
      challenges facing the region, particularly in Brazil (rated 'BB', 
      Outlook Negative) and Argentina (rated 'B', Outlook Stable). The risk of 
      operating in lower rated sovereign environments is somewhat mitigated by 
      the size of the exposure to these higher risk markets; only 30% of the 
      company's 2015 pro forma EBITDA (excluding Chile) relates to 
      non-investment grade countries (Argentina and Brazil) and approximately 
      67% of the dividends paid to Enersis Americas relate to investment grade 
      countries, mainly Colombia.
    

      The Stable Outlook is driven by Enersis Americas' adequate liquidity 
      profile and credit metrics and the expectation that a balanced mix 
      between generation and distributions businesses will be maintained.
    

      Credit risks associated with the company include potential pressures 
      from the shareholder Enel to promote any extraordinary dividends, 
      possible environmental and/or political issues that could result in cost 
      overruns or modifications of projects under construction; although these 
      risks appear manageable. The ratings also consider the company's 
      dependence on dividend payments from its subsidiaries to repay its own 
      debt and incorporate the seasonal and regional cash flow volatility.
    

      STRONG LEVERAGE METRICS:
    

      On a pro forma basis, Enersis Americas maintains a strong capital 
      structure with gross leverage defined as total debt-to-adjusted EBITDA 
      of 1.5x as of December 2015. Adjusted EBITDA for 2015 was USD2.4 
      billion, versus USD3.4 billion in the predecessor company. Results 
      slightly improved during the first half of 2016 (1H16), with EBITDA of 
      approximately USD1.3 billion, which was approximately 12% higher than 
      1H15 pro forma EBITDA (excluding the Chilean operations). Argentina and 
      Brazil represented approximately 35% of the company's EBITDA generation 
      during the 1H16. Improved results for 2016 were supported by better 
      results in the generation segment in the region, coupled with better 
      results in the distribution business for Argentina and Peru which 
      partially offset the deteriorated results related of the Brazilian 
      distribution business. Fitch expects EBITDA for 2016-2019 to be 
      approximately USD2.5 billion-USD3.3 billion and gross leverage measured 
      as total debt/EBITDA to remain below 2.0x.
    

      MODERATE EXPOSURE TO BRAZIL:
    

      Fitch believes that after the spinoff and as a result of the company's 
      decision to spin-off the Chilean assets from the precedent Enersis 
      portfolio, the volatility on the company's cash flow generation has 
      moderately increased. Brazil's economic downturn led to lower 
      electricity demand and higher energy losses affecting the company's 
      distribution results, which was offset by the improved results in Peru 
      and Argentina. As of December 2015, Brazil and Argentina represented 
      approximately 30% of the company's EBITDA; Fitch believes the company's 
      exposure to Argentina and Brazil is mitigated by the company's solid 
      cash flow generation from the remaining investment grade countries, 
      which comfortably covers its hard currency denominated debt service. Per 
      Fitch's criteria, Enersis Americas applicable country ceiling is Peru's 
      of 'A-', and the ratings are not constrained by the country ceiling of 
      Brazil.
    

      MANAGEABLE INVESTMENT PROGRAM:
    

      Fitch expects capex investment for 2016-2019 to amount approximately 
      USD4 billion, with 75% invested in distribution to mainly reduce losses, 
      which would improve the company's results. Fitch also believes the 
      company's investment plan should not require additional significant 
      indebtedness given the company's solid free cash flow generation. During 
      2015, the company invested USD587 million in generation on a pro forma 
      basis (excluding the Chilean operations). The main investments in 
      generation during 2015 were related to the construction of the hydro 
      terminal El Quimbo (400 MW), in Colombia, which started operations on 
      December 2015.
    

      KEY ASSUMPTIONS
    

      Fitch's key assumptions within the rating case for Enersis Americas 
      include:
    

      --Total production of 44,000 - 47,000 GWh on average per year.
    

      Average margins per MWh for generation during 2016-2019 of: USD11 for 
      Argentina, USD40 for Brazil, USD78 for Colombia, and USD37 for Peru;
    

      --Average margins per MWh for distribution during 2016-2019 of: USD22 
      for Argentina, USD55 for Brazil, USD77 for Colombia, and USD37 for Peru;
    

      --An average of USD1 billion of annual capex;
    

      --Dividends 50% of net income.
    

      RATING SENSITIVITIES
    

      Future developments that could, individually or collectively, lead to 
      negative rating actions include:
    

      --A change in Enersis Americas' power generation business' commercial 
      policy that results in an imbalanced long-term contractual position.
    

      --A material and sustained deterioration of credit metrics (reflected in 
      a debt to EBITDA ratio greater than 3.5x and EBITDA to interest coverage 
      below 4x).
    

      --The deterioration of the macroeconomic conditions, and respective 
      sovereign ratings, in the company's key markets.
    

      --A significant increase in Enersis Americas' exposure to non-investment 
      grade countries; a downgrade of Brazil's sovereign rating would not 
      necessarily trigger a downgrade of Enersis Americas' ratings.
    

      Considerations that could lead to a positive rating action (Rating or 
      Outlook) include:
    

      --A material improvement in credit metrics that could be sustained over 
      time.
    

      --A reduction in debt levels and higher earnings retention.
    

      --An improvement in the mix of cash flow generation towards higher 
      credit quality markets would be viewed positively.
    

      Once the company establishes a long-term history of sustained gross debt 
      to adjusted EBITDA ratios under 2.5x level with a balanced geographical 
      and business mix, the company's credit ratings could be upgraded or the 
      Outlook revised to Positive.
    

      LIQUIDITY
    

      The company's liquidity continues to be solid. On a pro forma basis, the 
      company has nearly USD1.7 billion of cash and equivalents as of June 
      2016, and has available committed lines of credit totaling USD211 
      million. This compares favorably with short-term financial debt of 
      USD814 million for the same period.
    

      FULL LIST OF RATING ACTIONS
    

      Fitch has affirmed the following ratings:
    

      Enersis Americas S.A.
    

      --Long-Term Foreign and Local Currency Issuer Default Ratings (IDRs) at 
      'BBB';
    

      --International senior unsecured bond ratings at 'BBB';
    

      --Long-term national scale rating at 'AA-(cl)';
    

      --National senior unsecured bond ratings at 'AA-(cl)';
    

      --Short-term national scale rating at 'N1+';
    

      --National short-term debt rating at 'N1+';
    

      --National Equity Rating at 'Primera Clase Nivel 1 (cl)'.
    

      The Rating Outlook is Stable.
    

      Date of Relevant Rating Committee: Sept. 27, 2016
    

      Additional information is available on www.fitchratings.com.
    

      Applicable Criteria
    

      Criteria for Rating Non-Financial Corporates (pub. 27 Sep 2016)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/885629


      Additional Disclosures
    

      Dodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Form
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=1012346


      Solicitation Status
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=1012346


      Endorsement Policy
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/jsp/creditdesk/PolicyRegulation.faces?context=2&detail=31


      ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND 
      DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING 
      THIS LINK: HTTPS://WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. 
      IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE 
      AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEB SITE AT WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM. 
      PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA, AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS 
      SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS 
      OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE, AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES 
      AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE CODE OF CONDUCT SECTION OF 
      THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE 
      RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR 
      RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY 
      CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH 
      WEBSITE.
    

      Copyright (c) 2016 by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and its 
      subsidiaries. 33 Whitehall Street, NY, NY 10004. Telephone: 
      1-800-753-4824, (212) 908-0500. Fax: (212) 480-4435. Reproduction or 
      retransmission in whole or in part is prohibited except by permission. 
      All rights reserved. In issuing and maintaining its ratings and in 
      making other reports (including forecast information), Fitch relies on 
      factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from 
      other sources Fitch believes to be credible. Fitch conducts a reasonable 
      investigation of the factual information relied upon by it in accordance 
      with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of 
      that information from independent sources, to the extent such sources 
      are available for a given security or in a given jurisdiction. The 
      manner of Fitch's factual investigation and the scope of the third-party 
      verification it obtains will vary depending on the nature of the rated 
      security and its issuer, the requirements and practices in the 
      jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and sold and/or the 
      issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public 
      information, access to the management of the issuer and its advisers, 
      the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit 
      reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals, actuarial reports, 
      engineering reports, legal opinions and other reports provided by third 
      parties, the availability of independent and competent third- party 
      verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the 
      particular jurisdiction of the issuer, and a variety of other factors. 
      Users of Fitch's ratings and reports should understand that neither an 
      enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can 
      ensure that all of the information Fitch relies on in connection with a 
      rating or a report will be accurate and complete. Ultimately, the issuer 
      and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information 
      they provide to Fitch and to the market in offering documents and other 
      reports. In issuing its ratings and its reports, Fitch must rely on the 
      work of experts, including independent auditors with respect to 
      financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax 
      matters. Further, ratings and forecasts of financial and other 
      information are inherently forward-looking and embody assumptions and 
      predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified 
      as facts. As a result, despite any verification of current facts, 
      ratings and forecasts can be affected by future events or conditions 
      that were not anticipated at the time a rating or forecast was issued or 
      affirmed.
    

      The information in this report is provided "as is" without any 
      representation or warranty of any kind, and Fitch does not represent or 
      warrant that the report or any of its contents will meet any of the 
      requirements of a recipient of the report. A Fitch rating is an opinion 
      as to the creditworthiness of a security. This opinion and reports made 
      by Fitch are based on established criteria and methodologies that Fitch 
      is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings and reports 
      are the collective work product of Fitch and no individual, or group of 
      individuals, is solely responsible for a rating or a report. The rating 
      does not address the risk of loss due to risks other than credit risk, 
      unless such risk is specifically mentioned. Fitch is not engaged in the 
      offer or sale of any security. All Fitch reports have shared authorship. 
      Individuals identified in a Fitch report were involved in, but are not 
      solely responsible for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are 
      named for contact purposes only. A report providing a Fitch rating is 
      neither a prospectus nor a substitute for the information assembled, 
      verified and presented to investors by the issuer and its agents in 
      connection with the sale of the securities. Ratings may be changed or 
      withdrawn at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of Fitch. 
      Fitch does not provide investment advice of any sort. Ratings are not a 
      recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any security. Ratings do not 
      comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any security 
      for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of 
      payments made in respect to any security. Fitch receives fees from 
      issuers, insurers, guarantors, other obligors, and underwriters for 
      rating securities. Such fees generally vary from US$1,000 to US$750,000 
      (or the applicable currency equivalent) per issue. In certain cases, 
      Fitch will rate all or a number of issues issued by a particular issuer, 
      or insured or guaranteed by a particular insurer or guarantor, for a 
      single annual fee. Such fees are expected to vary from US$10,000 to 
      US$1,500,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent). The assignment, 
      publication, or dissemination of a rating by Fitch shall not constitute 
      a consent by Fitch to use its name as an expert in connection with any 
      registration statement filed under the United States securities laws, 
      the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 of the United Kingdom, or 
      the securities laws of any particular jurisdiction. Due to the relative 
      efficiency of electronic publishing and distribution, Fitch research may 
      be available to electronic subscribers up to three days earlier than to 
      print subscribers.
    

      For Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and South Korea only: Fitch Australia 
      Pty Ltd holds an Australian financial services license (AFS license no. 
      337123) which authorizes it to provide credit ratings to wholesale 
      clients only. Credit ratings information published by Fitch is not 
      intended to be used by persons who are retail clients within the meaning 
      of the Corporations Act 2001.
    


Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystCinthya OrtegaDirector+1-312-606-2373orSecondary 
      AnalystFrancisco MercadalAssociate Director+562 2499 
      3340orCommittee ChairpersonDaniel R. Kastholm, CFAManaging 
      Director+1-312-368-2070orMedia RelationsElizabeth 
      Fogerty, +1 212-908-0526elizabeth.fogerty@fitchratings.com















Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystCinthya OrtegaDirector+1-312-606-2373orSecondary 
      AnalystFrancisco MercadalAssociate Director+562 2499 
      3340orCommittee ChairpersonDaniel R. Kastholm, CFAManaging 
      Director+1-312-368-2070orMedia RelationsElizabeth 
      Fogerty, +1 212-908-0526elizabeth.fogerty@fitchratings.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up






















Endesa Américas Announces Spin-off By Endesa Chile Of Endesa Américas

















































Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In



























Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In











Endesa Américas Announces Spin-off By Endesa Chile Of Endesa Américas

April 04, 2016 21:32

SANTIAGO, Chile, April 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ENDESA AMÉRICAS S.A. (NYSE: EOCA) today announced that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") has declared effective the Registration Statement on Form 20-F filed by Endesa Américas (the "Registration Statement") in connection with the spin-off by Empresa Nacional de Electricidad S.A. (NYSE: EOC) ("Endesa Chile") of Endesa Américas (the "Spin-off"). Each holder of record of (i) Endesa Chile common stock as of April 14, 2016 (the "Record Date"), will have the right to receive one share of Endesa Américas common stock for each share of Endesa Chile common stock held, and (ii) American Depositary Shares ("ADSs") of Endesa Chile as of the Record Date will have the right to receive one ADS of Endesa Américas for each ADS of Endesa Chile held.  The Spin-off was approved at an Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting of Endesa Chile held on December 18, 2015. Endesa Chile shareholders will not be required to (i) pay for the shares of Endesa Américas common stock to be received by them in the Spin-Off, (ii) surrender or exchange shares of Endesa Chile common stock in order to receive Endesa Américas common stock, (iii) take any other action in connection with the Spin-Off.  Endesa Américas and shares of Endesa Américas common stock are being registered with the Chilean Superintendence of Securities and Insurance (Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros, or the "SVS"). The SVS has not approved or disapproved of the securities (including in the form of ADSs).Persons holding Endesa Chile ADSs in the facilities of The Depositary Trust Company ("DTC") will receive the distribution of Endesa Américas ADSs by book entry only, through the facilities of DTC on or about  April 26, 2016 (the "Distribution Date"). Persons holding Endesa Chile ADSs directly will receive the distribution of Endesa Américas ADSs in the form of certificated American Depositary Receipts ("ADRs"), representing Endesa Américas ADSs on or about the Distribution Date.The distribution of Endesa Américas common stock and ADSs are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions including, but not limited to, registration of the shares of common stock with the SVS, the receipt of approval to list the shares of common stock on the Santiago Stock Exchange, the Valparaiso Stock Exchange and the Electronic Stock Exchange in Chile, and the other conditions summarized in the Registration Statement.In the event there are any changes to the Record Date or the Distribution Date, Endesa Chile and Endesa Américas will publish any such changes in a press release that will also be furnished on a Form 6-K. In addition, Endesa Américas will coordinate with Citibank N.A., its depositary, to give at least 10 days' notice of any changes to the Record Date to the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") in accordance with NYSE's requirements.There is currently no market for Endesa Américas common stock. The NYSE has authorized the listing of Endesa Américas ADRs under the symbol 'EOCA,' subject to official notice of distribution. Concurrent with the commencement of "regular way" trading of the Endesa Américas ADSs on the NYSE under the symbol 'EOCA', the ticker symbol for Endesa Chile's ADSs is expected to change from 'EOC' to 'EOCC'.The Registration Statement filed with the SEC contains information about Endesa Américas and its businesses, details regarding the distribution of Endesa Américas ADSs and other important information. The Registration Statement is available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov (http://www.sec.gov/).Caution Concerning Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the completion of the Spin-Off, timing of "when-issued" and "regular-way" trading and trading on the NYSE, Santiago Stock Exchange, the Electronic Stock Exchange and the Valparaíso Stock Exchange, conditions to the distribution, and statements about the objectives of the Spin-off, Endesa Américas' strategy and other non-historical matters. These statements are based on management's current expectations or beliefs, and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause the actual results to differ materially from those indicated in our forward-looking statements. Such risks include a failure to successfully separate Endesa Américas from Endesa Chile, the satisfaction of conditions of the Spin-off, including the receipt of required approvals (including from the SVS), the ability of Endesa Américas' businesses to continue to grow and develop according to their business development plans, trends in the industries in which Endesa Américas' businesses operate, customer demand, the competitive landscape in which Endesa Américas' businesses operate, changes in regulation applicable to Endesa Américas' business, competition risk, regulatory risk, financial markets risk, operational risks, and other risks and factors, including those set forth under the heading "Risk Factors" in Endesa Américas' Registration Statement. Except as required by law, Endesa América undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.Contact InformationFor further information, please contact us:Investor Relations Departmente-mail: ir.endesacl@enel.comPhone: +56-22353-4682Address: Santa Rosa 76,Santiago, ChileTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/endesa-americas-announces-spin-off-by-endesa-chile-of-endesa-americas-300246043.htmlSOURCE  Endesa Américas S.A. 




Related Stories


Endesa Chile Announces Effectiveness Of Form 20-F Registration Statement For Spin-off Of Endesa Américas
PR Newswire
            04/04 21:44 ET
        

Endesa Américas Announces Spin-off By Endesa Chile Of Endesa Américas
PR Newswire
            04/04 21:32 ET
        

Empresa Nacional de Electricidad reports 9M15 results
SA Breaking News
            11/02 18:53 ET
        

Endesa Chile Announces the Filing of the 2014 Annual Report on Form 20-F
PR Newswire
            05/05 09:04 ET
        

Endesa Chile reports Q1 results
SA Breaking News
            04/28 23:02 ET
        



Advertisement














{{root.upsell.info.feature_headline}}.

            {{root.upsell.info.feature_description}}
            
Please note that this feature is only available as an add-on to YCharts subscriptions.
            

Please note that this feature requires full activation of your account and is not permitted during the free trial period.
            













            {{root.upsell.info.call_to_action}}
        

            No credit card required.
        


Already a subscriber?
Sign in.
            




























Endesa Americas (NYSE:EOCA) Graham Number 




























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 




















 EOCA- NYSE (USA) Also traded in: Chile, GermanyEndesa Americas SA ADR



Not Rated

Top Ranked Predictable Companies
 
$13.15     0(0%)  1:01AM EDT








Market Cap : 
			3.6 B
Enterprise Value : 
			
P/E(TTM) : 
			
P/B : 
			

















$13.15 (1y: -6%)



+ Add to Portfolio
Email Alerts
Stock PDFRSSWebsite FilingsDownloadBatch DownloadManual of Stocks™ Web APPManual of Stocks™Sorry. Only PremiumPlus Member can access this feature.Free Trial





This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





NYSE:EOCA has been successfully added to your Stock Email Alerts list.
You can manage your stock email alerts here.




NYSE:EOCA has been removed from your Stock Email Alerts list.



Please enter Portfolio Name for new portfolio.


SummaryGuru Trades30-Y FinancialsAnalysisDCFInteractive ChartDividendInsiderOwnershipHeadlinesCompareChecklistDefinitions






Switch to:















Fundamental

 Altman Z-Score Beneish M-Score Book Value per Share Dividends per Share E10 Earnings per Share (Diluted) EBITDA per Share Enterprise Value EPS without NRI FFO per Share Financial Strength Float Percentage Of Total Shares Outstanding Free Cash Flow per Share Insider Ownership Institutional Ownership Market Cap (M) Net Cash per Share Net Current Asset Value Net-Net Working Capital Operating Cash Flow per Share Owner Earnings per Share (TTM) Piotroski F-Score Predictability Rank Profitability Revenue per Share Scaled Net Operating Assets Short Interest Short Percentage of Float Tangible Book per Share Total Debt per Share 


Valuation Ratio

 3-Year Average Share Buyback Ratio Asset Turnover Cash Conversion Cycle Cash-to-Debt COGS-to-Revenue Current Ratio Days Inventory Days Payable Days Sales Outstanding Debt-to-Equity Earnings Yield % Earnings Yield (Joel Greenblatt) % Effective Interest Rate on Debt % Equity-to-Asset EV-to-EBIT EV-to-EBITDA EV-to-Revenue Forward PE Ratio Forward Rate of Return (Yacktman) % Goodwill-to-Asset Interest Coverage Inventory Turnover Inventory-to-Revenue LT-Debt-to-Total-Asset PB Ratio PE Ratio PE Ratio PE Ratio without NRI PEG Ratio Price-to-Free-Cash-Flow Price-to-Operating-Cash-Flow Price-to-Owner-Earnings Price-to-Tangible-Book PS Ratio Quick Ratio Return-on-Tangible-Asset Return-on-Tangible-Equity ROA % ROC % ROC (Joel Greenblatt) % ROE % ROIC % Shiller PE Ratio Short Ratio Sloan Ratio % WACC % 


Profitability

 FCF Margin % Gross Margin % Net Interest Margin (Bank Only) % Net Margin % Operating Margin % 


Price

 Earnings Power Value (EPV) Graham Number Intrinsic Value: DCF (Earnings Based) Intrinsic Value: DCF (FCF Based) Intrinsic Value: Projected FCF Margin of Safty % (DCF Earnings Based) Median PS Value Net Cash per Share Peter Lynch Fair Value 


Dividends

 3-Year Dividend Growth Rate 5-Year Dividend Growth Rate 5-Year Yield-on-Cost % Dividend Payout Ratio Dividend Yield % Dividend-Payout-to-FFO Forward Dividend Yield % 


Income Statement

 Advertising Cost of Goods Sold Credit Losses Provision Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization EBIT EBITDA EPS (Basic) EPS (Diluted) Fees and Other Income Gross Profit Interest Expense Interest Income Net Income Net Income (Continuing Operations) Net Income (Discontinued Operations) Net Interest Income Net Investment Income Net Policyholder Benefits/Claims Non Interest Income Non-Recurring Items Operating Income Other Income (Expense) Other Noninterest Expense Other Operating Expense Policy Acquisition Expense Pre-Tax Income Preferred Dividends Research & Development Revenue Selling, General, & Admin. Expense Shares Outstanding (Diluted Average) SpecialCharges Tax Expense Tax Provision Total Premiums Earned 


Balance Sheet

 Accounts Payable & Accrued Expense Accounts Receivable Accumulated Depreciation Additional Paid-In Capital Buildings And Improvements Capital Lease Obligation Capital Surplus Cash And Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents Cash, Cash Equivalents, Marketable Securities Common Stock Construction In Progress Current Portion of Long-Term Debt Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs Equity Investments Fixed Maturity Investment Future Policy Benefits Goodwill Gross Property, Plant and Equipment Intangible Assets Inventories, Finished Goods Inventories, Other Inventories, Raw Materials & Components Inventories, Work In Process Land And Improvements Long-Term Debt & Capital Lease Obligation Marketable Securities Money Market Investments Net Loan Other Assets for Banks Other Current Assets Other Current Liabilities Other Liabilities for Banks Other Long Term Assets Other Long-Term Liabilities Paid-In Capital Policyholder Funds Preferred Stock Property, Plant and Equipment Retained Earnings Securities & Investments Shares Outstanding (EOP) Short-term investments Total Assets Total Current Assets Total Current Liabilities Total Deposits Total Equity Total Inventories Total Liabilities Treasury Stock Unearned Premiums Unpaid Loss & Loss Reserve 


Cashflow statement

 Capital Expenditure Cash Flow for Dividends Cash Flow from Discontinued Operations Cash Flow from Financing Cash Flow from Investing Cash Flow from Operations Cash Flow from Others Cash From Discontinued Investing Activities Cash From Other Investing Activities Change In Inventory Change In Receivables Change In Working Capital Cumulative Effect Of Accounting Change Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization FFO Free Cash Flow Net Change in Cash Net Foreign Currency Exchange Gain Net Income From Continuing Operations Net Intangibles Purchase And Sale Net Issuance of Debt Net Issuance of Preferred Stock Net Issuance of Stock Purchase Of Business Purchase Of Investment Purchase Of Property, Plant, Equipment Sale Of Business Sale Of Investment Sale Of Property, Plant, Equipment Stock Based Compensation 










                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    
























Endesa Americas SA (NYSE:EOCA)
Graham Number
=GURUF("NYSE:EOCA","Graham Number")

$N/A (As of Sep. 2016)
Graham Number is a figure that measures a stock's fundamental value by taking into account the company's earnings per share and book value per share. The Graham number is the upper bound of the price range that a defensive investor should pay for the stock. According to the theory, any stock price below the Graham number is considered undervalued, and thus worth investing in.
As of today, the stock price of Endesa Americas SA is $13.15. Endesa Americas SA's graham number for the quarter that ended in Sep. 2016 was $N/A. Therefore, Endesa Americas SA's Price to Graham Number ratio for today is 0.88.
Graham Number is a combination of asset valuation and earnings power valuation. It is a very conservative way of valuing a stock.

Definition
Graham Number is a concept based on Ben Graham's conservative valuation of companies.
Endesa Americas SA's Graham Number for the fiscal year that ended in Dec. 2015 is calculated as



Graham Number


=sqrt of (22.5*Tangible Book Value per Share*EPS without Non-Recurring Items (NRI))


=sqrt of (22.5*5.427*0.933556705403)


=10.68



Endesa Americas SA's Graham Number for the quarter that ended in Sep. 2016 is calculated as



Graham Number


=sqrt of (22.5*Tangible Book Value per Share*EPS without Non-Recurring Items (NRI) (TTM))


=sqrt of (22.5*7.198*1.39042684284)


=15.01



* All numbers are in millions except for per share data and ratio. All numbers are in their local exchange's currency.

Explanation
Ben Graham actually did not publish a formula like this. But he wrote in The Intelligent Investor (1948 version) regarding to the criteria for purchases:
Current price should not be more than 15 times average earnings of the past three years.
Current price should not be more than 1.5 times the book value last reported. However, a multiplier of earnings below 15 could justify a correspondingly higher multiplier of assets. As a rule of thumb we suggest that the product of the multiplier times the ratio of price to book value should not exceed 22.5. (This figure corresponds to 15 times earnings and 1.5 times book value. It would admit an issue selling at only 9 times earnings and 2.5 times asset value, etc.)
Unlike valuation methods such as DCF or Discounted Earnings, the Graham number does not take growth into the valuation. Unlike the valuation methods based on book value alone, it takes into account the earnings power. Therefore, the Graham Number is a combination of asset valuation and earnings power valuation.
In general, the Graham number is a very conservative way of valuing a stock. It cannot be applied to companies with negative book values. 
Endesa Americas SA's Price to Graham number Ratio for today is calculated as



Price to Graham number=Share Price (Today)/Graham number (Q: Sep. 2016 )


=13.15/15.01


=0.88



* All numbers are in millions except for per share data and ratio. All numbers are in their local exchange's currency.

Be Aware
Please keep these in mind:
1. Graham Number does not take growth into account. Therefore it underestimates the values of the companies that have good earnings growth. We feel that if the earnings per share grows more than 10% a year, Graham Number underestimates the value.
2. Graham Number punishes the companies that have temporarily low earnings. Therefore, an average of earnings makes more sense in the calculation of Graham Number.
3. Graham Numbers underestimates companies that are light with book.

Related Terms
Earnings per share without Non-Recurring Items (NRI), Intrinsic Value (DCF Projected), Intrinsic Value (DCF), Intrinsic Value (DE), Tangible Book Value per Share, Earnings Per Share, Total Equity, Net Income, Total Shares Outstanding

Historical Data
* All numbers are in millions except for per share data and ratio. All numbers are in their local exchange's currency.
Endesa Americas SA Annual Data



Dec12Dec13Dec14Dec15

grahamnumber
0.000.000.000.000.000.000.00670.68644.2510.68


Endesa Americas SA Quarterly Data



Dec13Dec14Sep15Dec15Mar16Jun16Sep16

grahamnumber
0.000.000.000.000.000.000.0096.3414.890.00














Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK

















               BNamericas - Latin America's Business News, Information and Research Center for the Global Economy                                          About us   Contact    Store    Advertising   Customized Research    BNamericas Wire   Help   Language:   EN    English  Spanish      Start a Free Trial                   News Projects Companies Reports Data                        Close  Recovery Password    Email for your account           Send password                                        News  Mining Peru  Peru's Kuczynski replaces mining, energy minister  The president replaces his energy and mines minister as he attempts to jump start investment projects at the start of his second year in office.            Content Feed               Intelligence Series  ICT Chile  How Chile is Working to Make ICT a Way of Life   Chile's telecom regulator Subtel is presiding over LatAm regulators' association Regulatel during 2017, and has said that the emphasis will be on international roaming agreements, evolution towards a ...                        News  ICT Brazil  ICT: The week in 10 stories A week of financial results, movement in the MVNO space and in Colombia operators Claro and Movistar may have to pay out a combined US$1.55bn following a landmark court ruling.                     News  Electric Power Brazil  Eletrobras readies sale of wind, transmission projects Brazil's state-run power holding company expects a valuation of the assets to conclude next month.                      News  Mining Mexico  Mexico's Minera Frisco back in the black The Carlos Slim-miner reports positive earnings, lifted by higher metal prices and the peso's decline against the US dollar.        GET FULL ACCESS TO BNAMERICAS SUBSCRIBER      Enter email   Start a Free Trial                      News  Banking Brazil  Temer's approval rating hits rock bottom  A combination of corruption scandals and poor economic performance continues to hurt the Brazilian president's popularity.                       News  Banking Brazil  Lending still on the wane as Brazil economy stutters  Despite negative figures in the first half, certain signs of stabilization have emerged.                       News  Oil & Gas Colombia  Ecopetrol rules out spill from latest pipeline attack  But Colombia's state oil company has notified authorities of possible water contamination after the latest attack on the Caño Limón-Covenas line.                       News  ICT Brazil  Brazil's Oi flirts with cannibalization in separating VoD from pay TV  It is the first time in Brazil that a local pay TV provider, teaming up with media companies and content producers, has offered VoD content in plans independent from pay TV.                      News  Oil & Gas Mexico  Pemex posts quarterly profit despite output drop  In Q2 Mexico's NOC posted its first three-consecutive quarterly profit since 2006, but oil, gas and petrochemical production all declined                       News  Insurance Brazil  Brazilian reinsurer IRB raises US$630mn from IPO  The amount raised could be increased due to the sale of an extra lot of shares.                       Feature  Insurance Chile  Chile Insurance Report   BNamericas takes an in-depth look at Chile's insurance sector.                       News  Infrastructure Colombia  Colombia launches tender for Medellín cable car line  The project will be totally funded by the city government. The official budget is US$100mn and the contract is expected to be awarded by October.                       News  Oil & Gas Ecuador  Ecuador secures US$1.15bn in upstream investment pledges  The planned injections are part of renegotiated service contracts.                       News  Banking Brazil  Santander Brasil's Q2 earnings up on lower provisions  The bank saw a decline in its non-performing loan ratio in the period.                       News  ICT Regional  Everis placing its bets on Latin America  The company opened digital hubs focusing on healthcare, software development, IoT, virtual reality and artificial intelligence.                       News  Mining Brazil  Vale 'uncomfortable' with Brazil's mining bill  Changes will bring legal uncertainties, Vale CEO Fabio Schvartsman said in a conference call on Thursday.          1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57              Featured Content                   Feature  Oil & Gas Venezuela  TREND: Liberalization underway in Venezuela's oil sector   State oil company PDVSA owes over US$24bn to services companies, which are increasingly opting to negotiate directly with PDVSA's joint-venture partners, an expert tells BNamericas.                       Q&A  Metals Argentina  High-performance alloys 'key' to increased market share   BNamericas spoke with Termomecanica's industrial director Luiz Henrique Caveagna about the company's initiave on special alloys, unveiled this week.                       Opinion Piece  Venezuela  Venezuela on the precipice   If he recognized the vote, President Maduro could claim that most people are in favor of (or at least not opposed to) the constituent assembly process.                        Q&A  Water & Waste Guatemala  Water funds: An innovative governance framework for water protection   BNamericas spoke with The Nature Conservancy to learn more about water funds, a model the NGO has perfected to involve different stakeholders in the development of solutions for water protection.                  Feature  Infrastructure Brazil  Operator Series: Brazil's Triunfo embarks on asset sales   With the planned sale of assets, the company seeks to return to its toll road-focused roots.                       Q&A  ICT Regional  Why is the mainframe still relevant today?   IBM's Pierre Marchand talks about the client feedback that IBM took into account in designing and updating its latest mainframe and why mainframes are still so relevant for large enterprises worldwide.                     Feature  ICT Argentina  Spotlight: Refarming spectrum to harvest efficiency   Mobile carriers are increasingly turning to technology that allows the combination of different bands to increase coverage, boost quality and gain efficiency.                     Q&A  Oil & Gas Brazil  A new oil producer with big plans for small fields   Brazil's oil and gas market has been adding new small and mid-sized producers, such as Dimensional Engenharia, which has decided to include in its portfolio the Vale do Quiricó field, in the Recôncavo basin. Company director Vinicius Benevides spoke about the plans for the mature field.                     Q&A  Banking Chile  Can Chile return to the days of 6% GDP growth?   BNamericas asks former central bank president Rodrigo Vergara for his views on how the next administration can stimulate the economy, what the country's growth potential is, and more.                     Q&A  Mining Colombia  'We needed to touch rock bottom'   ACM president Santiago Ángel Urdinola talks with BNamericas about what Colombia must do if it is to become a mining country.                       Feature  Insurance Chile  Why banks must transform digitally   Banks should focus on providing an experience rather than a product, delegates at a Chilean conference on digital transformation were told.                       Q&A  Insurance Brazil  How do Brazil's insurers deal with spike in cargo, vehicles theft?   Julio Cesar Rosa from general insurance federation FenSeg tells BNamericas how insurance companies in troubled states like Rio de Janeiro are coping with greater levels of crime.                       Q&A  ICT Argentina  OData: Datacenter collocation rationalizes companies' capex   BNamericas spoke to the CEO of Brazilian company OData, a provider of wholesale collocation services, about its datacenter internationalization plans.                  Q&A  Petrochem Brazil  Electrifying LatAm: A second wind for fossil fuels?   BNamericas speaks to Bobby Cusmano, the business development head of US services firm Progen, about opportunities in Latin America's largely untapped off-grid power market.                     Q&A  ICT Mexico  'The zero interconnection rate dispute will put the telecoms reform to the test'   BNamericas spoke to Simón Marsi, CEO of unified communications supplier C3ntro Telecom, about the current state of telecom infrastructure in Mexico and his company's plans to launch an MVNO using the country's wholesale shared network.                      Feature  Water & Waste Mexico  Troubled waters: Mexican dam projects surrounded by controversy   BNamericas takes a look at the reasons why some of Mexico's major dam projects are currently in the eye of the storm.                       Q&A  ICT Argentina  What would be the impact of eliminating Chile-Argentina roaming?   The head of Chilean regulator Subtel talks about the benefits that eliminating roaming charges between Chile and Argentina would have for both economies.                       Q&A  Electric Power Brazil  Abragel seeks 1,000MW of new small hydropower plants per year   In an interview with BNamericas, Brazil's small hydropower producers association talks about expectations surrounding future energy auctions.                       Q&A  ICT Brazil  Improving business intelligence for drugstores   BNamericas talked to Danish business intelligence firm Targit about its decision to team up with Itec Brazil to integrate anaytics into ERP software for the pharmaceutical retail segment.                        Feature  Electric Power Argentina  Scarce financing, underdeveloped projects impede RenovAr progress   Commercial banks remain wary of providing traditional project finance to renewable energy projects in Argentina, a consultant tells BNamericas.         Load more Load more            Intelligence Series           ICT   Chile   How Chile is Working to Make ICT a Way of Life  Chile's telecom regulator Subtel is presiding over LatAm regulators' association Regulatel during 2017, and has said that the emphasis will be on international roaming agreements, evolution towards a ...         /bna:banner_advertising advertising="bna.subscriber.model.Advertising@1f171fe4" idContenido="0" onlyfree="true" type="BOX_3" mobileAdv="false"/>   Most Read    News  Companies  Projects         Chile LNG terminal poised for approval   Chile approves controversial US$160mn LNG project   Panama thermo developer refiles EIS for US$900mn project   Colombia LNG plant study call falls through   TREND: Liberalization underway in Venezuela's oil sector        Flow Valve Sistemas e Ingenieria Limitada   ISOTRON S.A.U.   China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation Limited (CRSC)   Gas Energy Latin America   Prime Energía SpA       Sulpay thermo plant    Pampilla Refinery Revamp   Vaca Muerta Formation   Tajin Pipeline   Nazca wind farm                                                     BNamericas                                             Close  Recovery Password    Email for your account           Send password                                                                                       Close Company set   Create an empty set: Create your set and start adding companies manually.        Create Set         Close  Confirm   Are you sure?    Cancel   Delete          Close Company Sets settings        Show as homepage  Add to dropdown menu         All companies       Recently added       Last updated                      Close   My Company Sets                                      Close Company set   Create an empty set: Create your set and start adding companies manually.        Create Set         Close  Confirm   Are you sure?    Cancel   Delete          Close Company Sets settings        Show as homepage  Add to dropdown menu         All companies       Recently added       Last updated                      View my Company Sets         List    All Companies (6828)                      Company Name    Country    Sector    Type    Last updated    Address    Phone    General Email    Web Page       Llanos Oil SAS   Colombia   Infrastructure,Oil & Gas                       Subsecretaría de Energía y Minería - Gobierno de Mendoza   Argentina   Oil & Gas                       Agencia de Inversiones de Neuquén   Argentina   Electric Power,Infrastructure,...                       Gasmarket S.A.   Argentina   Oil & Gas                       Hualpén Gas S.A.   Chile   Oil & Gas                       Administración Portuaria Integral de Veracruz S.A. de C.V.   Mexico   Infrastructure                       Jamaica Co-operative Credit Union League Limited (JCCUL)   Jamaica   Banking                       Gasco S.A.   Chile   Oil & Gas                       Grupo Security S.A.   Chile   Banking,Insurance                       Agencia Nacional de Alianzas de Desarrollo de Infraestructura Económica   Guatemala   Infrastructure                       Monterrico Metals plc   Hong Kong   Mining                       La Previsora S.A., Compañía de Seguros   Colombia   Insurance                       Compañía Minera del Pacífico S.A.   Chile   Metals,Mining                       Bahia Mineração Ltda.   Brazil   Mining                       Companhia Espírito Santense de Saneamento   Brazil   Water & Waste                       Ministry of Energy and Energy Industries   Trinidad & Tobago   Electric Power                       Federação Nacional de Seguros Gerais (FenSeg)   Brazil   Insurance                       Orica Nitratos Perú S.A.   Peru   Infrastructure                       Consorcio AB Esmeraldas   Spain   Water & Waste                       Concesionaria AT-AT, S.A. de C.V.   Mexico   Infrastructure                           0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 111 112 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 120 121 122 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 141 142 143 144 145 146 147 148 149 150 151 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 159 160 161 162 163 164 165 166 167 168 169 170 171 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 183 184 185 186 187 188 189 190 191 192 193 194 195 196 197 198 199 200 201 202 203 204 205 206 207 208 209 210 211 212 213 214 215 216 217 218 219 220 221 222 223 224 225 226 227 228 229 230 231 232 233 234 235 236 237 238 239 240 241 242 243 244 245 246 247 248 249 250 251 252 253 254 255 256 257 258 259 260 261 262 263 264 265 266 267 268 269 270 271 272 273 274 275 276 277 278 279 280 281 282 283 284 285 286 287 288 289 290 291 292 293 294 295 296 297 298 299 300 301 302 303 304 305 306 307 308 309 310 311 312 313 314 315 316 317 318 319 320 321 322 323 324 325 326 327 328 329 330 331 332 333 334 335 336 337 338 339 340 341               Close Select the columns to display     Country Sector Type Last updated Address Phone General Email Web Page     Save           Close Download       Download all columns Download visible columns        Excel CSV     Download             Added Companies   Find new Projects   Please type more than 2 characters to search ...   Added Companies:     Add to set            Close Company set        Advanced Filters : Create your dynamic set using advanced filters like category services, sector, others.    × Info! Select an Advanced Filter item     Sector Country   By sector keywords    By general keywords             By sector keywords:     Reset         Find Prev   Find Next               By general keywords:     Reset         Find Prev   Find Next                  Loading...                  Create Set Edit Set                                ASK US        Close  Contact Us     How can we help you? Your questions and comments are important to us. Tell us what the topic is and we’ll give you our options       Select    Please, select a subject Comments on Content Products and Services Customer Service Center       Message           Send           Close  Contact Us     How can we help you? Your questions and comments are important to us. Tell us what the topic is and we’ll give you our options       Name  Email  Company  Select   Please, select a subject Customer Service Events Newsroom Advertising Subscriptions Marketing & Business Development Jobs Finance & Administration Other Webstore   Message           Send           Close  Login or register      Login   Username        Password (Forgot It?)           Remember me      The password is incorrect    Login      Not a subscriber?  Click on the button below to create your account and get immediate access to thousands of articles. Start a Free Trial             Close  Ask us a question    This is a Free Account. If you want to have full access please  Start a free trial    Ask us   Send us your feedback            Ask us a question       Start a free trial            Rate our new design    Relevance of information    Ability to find what you're looking for    Overall satisfaction    Were you able to accomplish your task?    Please select Yes No       Send                  Close  Share this content    Facebook  Twitter  Linkedin  Google+            x Close  Restricted Access    This is a Free Account. If you want to have full access please Start a Free Trial     Email address    Start a Free Trial   Already a subscriber? Please, Sign In            Close  Ask us a question    This is a Free Account. If you want to have full access please  Start a Free Trial           Ask us a question  The message is required, and cannot be empty    Start a Free Trial                  Close  Methodology & Procedures   Definitions Projects covered include state-owned and private projects in the Infrastructure, Electric Power, Oil & Gas (excluding upstream), Water and Waste, and Mining sectors. Where applicable, a project is considered as such until the end of construction and ramp-up to full capacity (with the exception of mining projects, where the date of commissioning signifies the end of the project). Projects must have a:  a) Start date b) Estimate for completion c) Initial investment estimate  Data For state-owned projects, initial information about the start date and estimates for completion and investment are taken from original signed contracts, along with addendums and annexes. If original contracts cannot be obtained, information is taken from public documents, presentations, news articles from BNamericas archives, and external sources. In cases where contracts are subject to approval by legislators, the start date is the date of the law or legislative approval. In the case of private projects, information is taken from public sources, such as stock exchange filings, annual reports, company presentations, third party research and press releases. In judging the timing of investment decisions for private projects, great care was taken to differentiate between large projects receiving environmental approval and proceeding directly to construction, and smaller projects where the investment decision hinges on securing financing. Best care is taken to ensure that recorded data is correct at the time of entry and that each entry is backed with a relevant source. The greatest care possible was taken to ensure consistency of information in order make a like-for-like comparison in project costs. Insofar as the figures rely on disclosure by the organization or company responsible, the figures can be considered to be conservative in nature. No attempt was made to adjust figures for inflation during the course of research or for consideration of the time value of money. Validation In the case of state-owned projects, validation is carried out where possible with either a member of the consortium, EPC contractor, a relevant state agency or advisors to either party. Currency Projects costs are measured in US dollars. Where project costs are measured in a local currency, amounts are converted to US dollars at the date of the relevant announcement, signature or report.  Severity of deviation from original estimates The severity of deviation from original estimates is defined according to set criteria. Timing    Status Condition     Ahead of time 95% of original estimate or below (measured in months)   On time 95% to 105% of original estimate   Minor changes 105% to 120% of original estimate   Medium changes 120% to 160% of original estimate   Major changes Over 160% of original estimate    Budget    Status Condition     Ahead of budget 95% of original budget estimate or below   To budget 95% to 105% of original budget estimate   Minor changes 105% to 120% of original budget estimate   Medium changes 120% to 140% of original budget estimate   Major changes Over 140% of original budget estimate    Changes in Scope Changes in scope beyond the start date are not accounted for. Language definitions Where guidance is non-specific as to dates for completion, the following is used. Project to be completed by 2018 = December 31, 2017 Project to be completed in 2018 = December 31, 2018                                                   Endesa S.A. (Endesa España) - BNamericas                                                         About us   Contact    Store    Advertising   Customized Research    BNamericas Wire   Help   Language:   EN    English  Spanish      Start a Free Trial                   News Projects Companies Reports Data                        Close  Recovery Password    Email for your account           Send password                 ×   This information is available only to subscribers.  Start a free trial, to unlock the full potential of a subscription to BNamericas.Already a subscriber? Please, login.     Start a Free Trial Now!         Home Companies Company Profile            Oil & Gas Electric Power  Spain  Endesa S.A.        Notify me   Bookmark       Sets     Share           Shared! The content has been shared, if you want to share this content with other users click here.          Message Almost ready! Add a message to the shared content          ¡Oops! An error has occurred, please try again.       Share! Share this content by entering the name and email of the recipient                    Share Share again             Create note    Ask us                                       Shortcut: Description Company Info Key Contacts Shareholders Related Projects Related News      Company Detail       Description    Endesa S.A. is a Spanish power holding, part of the multinational group Enel since 2009. It owns and operates electric power generation, distribution, transmission and trading assets located mainly in Spain, Portugal and Morocco. The company owns 174 power plants, and operates a 317,675km distribution and transmission network supplying electricity to more than 11 million customers. Endesa is also engaged in secondary activities including natural gas transportation and distribution, coal mining, exploration and asset management. Incorporated in 1944, the company is headquartered in the city of Madrid.         Subscribe to Access Active Companies and Potential Clients BNamericas subscribers not only have access to the thousands of active companies in Latin American business development, but also key contacts and custom contact look-up services.    Privately held, publically traded and state-owned companiesInternational, regional and local firmsShareholders and subsidiaries, JV partners and consortiumsOperators, contractors and equipment providersGovernmental and regulatory agencies50,000 published C-level contactsCustom contact research to uncover sales prospects          Start a Free Trial   Already a subscriber? Please, login       Award-winning and trusted the world over,  Business News Americas  is the only English and Spanish business intelligence resource for  project  ,  news  ,  analysis  and business contacts focused on and produced in Latin America. This company profile is one of thousands of companies included in the  BNamericas directory  of active and up-and-coming companies.  Contact us today! Phone:+56 (2) 2941-0300       Related Projects      Name Stage Sector Country      Locked content   Electric Power    Locked content      Dear visitor, this table includes insights that is only available for subscribers                    Shareholders    Need further information?        Company Name Sector Country Relation       Locked content    Shareholder       Dear visitor, this table includes insights that is only available for subscribers                   Connected Companies             Related News       2015-09-30    Electric power company      2014-12-22    Abengoa awarded Chile transmission projects      2014-12-03    Argentina's Santa Fe combined-cycle plant starts up      2014-12-01    Argentina watch: Wärtsilä, solar tender, Vuelta de Obligado, Salta NCRE      2014-11-06    Argentina thermo plant startup imminent - ministry      2014-10-30    Distribution segment losses hurt Chile's Enersis      2014-10-21    IN BRIEF: Endesa shareholders accept Enel offer         2014-10-08    IN BRIEF: Endesa appoints new CEO      2014-10-03    Enersis to re-capitalize ailing Argentina thermo plant      2014-10-01    IN BRIEF: Endesa CEO resigns             All More                      Company Info     Tradename Endesa España  Address Ribera del Loira #60, Madrid, Spain Company Type  Operator Provider  Phone 34-91-2131000,34-91-2131102  Fax 34-91-5638181 Email  atencionalcliente@endesaonline.com   Website  GO             Key Contacts    Need a contact name?        Locked content General Director, Infrastructure, Planning and Management     Locked content General Director, Purchasing     Locked content Generation Director          Locked content Nuclear Energy Director    Locked content Renewable Energy Director    Locked content Director General of Energy Management    Locked content Director General of Sustainability, Planning and Control    Locked content Investment Management            All More        Advertising                               GO                                 Close  What We Offer            Name Description            * To learn more about Enhanced Company Profile, please click here.             Close  Key Contacts           Position Name Contact     General Director, Infrastructure, Planning and Management Locked content   General Director, Purchasing   Generation Director   Nuclear Energy Director   Renewable Energy Director   Director General of Energy Management   Director General of Sustainability, Planning and Control   Investment Management                     Close  Shareholders           Relation Company Name Sector Country      Shareholder   Locked content          × Dear visitor, this table includes insights that is only available for subscribers .                    Close  Subsidiaries           Relation Company Name Sector Country            × Dear visitor, this table includes insights that is only available for subscribers.                    Close  Related Projects           Sector Name Stage Country Type Investment     Electric Power   Locked content                     Close  Related News             Date Title Sector Country      2015-09-30     Electric power company    Electric Power   Regional     2014-12-22     Abengoa awarded Chile transmission projects    Electric Power   Chile     2014-12-03     Argentina's Santa Fe combined-cycle plant starts up    Electric Power   Argentina     2014-12-01     Argentina watch: Wärtsilä, solar tender, Vuelta de Obligado, Salta NCRE    Electric Power   Argentina     2014-11-06     Argentina thermo plant startup imminent - ministry    Electric Power   Argentina     2014-10-30     Distribution segment losses hurt Chile's Enersis    Electric Power   Argentina,Brazil,...     2014-10-21     IN BRIEF: Endesa shareholders accept Enel offer    Electric Power   Caribbean,Central America,...     2014-10-08     IN BRIEF: Endesa appoints new CEO    Electric Power   Caribbean,Central America,...     2014-10-03     Enersis to re-capitalize ailing Argentina thermo plant    Electric Power   Argentina,Chile     2014-10-01     IN BRIEF: Endesa CEO resigns    Electric Power   Chile,Regional          «    1 (current)   2 3 ... 106 107 108  »                  Close  Company's Services       Company's Services        Services > Contracting > Operation         Services > Power generation         Electricity generation supplies > Electricity         Services > Electric power distribution         Services > Steel manufacturing > Coal exploration         Oil and gas equipment - midstream > Oil and gas transport equipment         Services > Natural gas distribution         Services > Mine extraction > Coal mining         Services > Electric power transmission                    Close  Unlock this content      We are sorry. You have no more credits available :(   0/Company Profile Your current credit balance is:   You have not added any company.days left until your credit is updated.          Subscribe              Close  E-mail to a Friend       Endesa S.A.      Name:    Your email address:     Your friend's e-mail address:    Add personalized message:             Send             Close  Create note             Company-wide    Private    250 characters available.         Need help? We have two types of notes: company-wide, that can be viewed by your whole team; and private, only by you.  Create note              Close  My notes        Search        Company-wide    Private       No hay notas  Load more     Create note                          Delete             July 28, 2017                                             