



People directory - Last Names - Ender















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
E

Ender




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Please select a first name!

A Ender
Addovine Ender
Adelaide Ender
Adriane Ender
Ahmed Ender
Alan Ender
Albert Ender
Alden Ender
Alexa Ender
Alfred Ender
Alirca Ender
Allan Ender
Allen Ender
Allison Ender
Alveta Ender
Alvin Ender
Amelia Ender
Amy Ender
Andrea Ender
Andrew Ender
Andy Ender
Angela Ender
Angie Ender
Anita Ender
Anitamarie Ender
Anne Ender
Anthony Ender
Ardelle Ender
Arlene Ender
Arlin Ender
Arline Ender
Arnold Ender
Art Ender
Arthur Ender
Audrey Ender
B Ender
Barb Ender
Barbara Ender
Beatrix Ender
Bella Ender
Ben Ender
Beth Ender
Betty Ender
Beverly Ender
Bill Ender
Blume Ender
Bob Ender
Bonnie Ender
Brad Ender
Bradley Ender
Brandy Ender
Brent Ender
Brian Ender
Bridget Ender
Brooke Ender
Bruce Ender
Bruno Ender
Bryan Ender
Buddy Ender
Bulent Ender
C Ender
Cara Ender
Carl Ender
Carol Ender
Carolyn Ender
Carri Ender
Carribel Ender
Casey Ender
Catherine Ender
Cecil Ender
Charlene Ender
Charlotte Ender
Cheryl Ender
Chris Ender
Christa Ender
Christoph Ender
Christophe Ender
Christopher Ender
Cindy Ender
Claire Ender
Clara Ender
Claudia Ender
Clay Ender
Clayton Ender
Cliff Ender
Clifford Ender
Cody Ender
Colleen Ender
Connie Ender
Conrad Ender
Constance Ender
Corina Ender
Cortland Ender
Craig Ender
Curtis Ender
D Ender
Daavid Ender
Dale Ender
Dan Ender
Daniel Ender
Daniela Ender
Dave Ender
David Ender
Davis Ender
Deadra Ender
Dean Ender
Deanna Ender
Deb Ender
Debbie Ender
Deborah Ender
Debra Ender
Deeadra Ender
Delinda Ender
Della Ender
Delphine Ender
Denise Ender
Deniz Ender
Dennis Ender
Deryl Ender
Diane Ender
Diann Ender
Dick Ender
Dieter Ender
Dolfi Ender
Donald Ender
Donna Ender
Dorothy Ender
Dorothye Ender
Dory Ender
Doug Ender
Douglas Ender
E Ender
Ed Ender
Eddie Ender
Edna Ender
Edward Ender
Eileen Ender
Elayne Ender
Elizabeth Ender
Elke Ender
Ellen Ender
Elma Ender
Elmer Ender
Ercia Ender
Eric Ender
Erica Ender
Erick Ender
Erik Ender
Erika Ender
Erna Ender
Estrella Ender
Eugene Ender
Eva Ender
Evelyn Ender
Evelyne Ender
F Ender
Farrell Ender
Feffery Ender
Florence Ender
Frances Ender
Francis Ender
Frank Ender
Fred Ender
Frederick Ender
Fri Ender
Fritz Ender
G Ender
Gary Ender
Gayle Ender
Gene Ender
George Ender
Georgette Ender
Gerald Ender
Gerard Ender
Gerry Ender
Gertrude Ender
Gilbert Ender
Gina Ender
Glen Ender
Glenn Ender
Gloria Ender
Greg Ender
Gregory Ender
H Ender
Hadas Ender
Hamid Ender
Hari Ender
Harold Ender
Harry Ender
Hayim Ender
Heidi Ender
Helen Ender
Henriette Ender
Henry Ender
Herbert Ender
Herman Ender
Hildegard Ender
Hilma Ender
Holly Ender
Hollys Ender
Hope Ender
Huseyin Ender
J Ender
Jack Ender
Jackie Ender
Jackle Ender
Jacqueline Ender
James Ender
Jamie Ender
Janell Ender
Janet Ender
Janette Ender
Janice Ender
Janna Ender
Jason Ender
Jay Ender
Jean Ender
Jeanette Ender
Jeanne Ender
Jeannie Ender
Jeff Ender
Jeffrey Ender
Jenn Ender
Jennifer Ender
Jens Ender
Jeorgiann Ender
Jeremy Ender
Jessica Ender
Jessical Ender
Jill Ender
Jillann Ender
Jm Ender
Joan Ender
Joann Ender
Joanna Ender
Jocille Ender
Joe Ender
Joel Ender
Joey Ender
John Ender
Jon Ender
Jonathan Ender
Jonathon Ender
Jordan Ender
Jos Ender
Joseph Ender
Joshua Ender
Jospeh Ender
Joy Ender
Joyce Ender
Judit Ender
Judith Ender
Judy Ender
Julianne Ender
Julie Ender
June Ender
K Ender
Karen Ender
Katherine Ender
Kathryn Ender
Kathy Ender
Katrinia Ender
Keith Ender
Kelly Ender
Kenneth Ender
Kevin Ender
Kim Ender
Kimberly Ender
Kirkor Ender
Klaus Ender
Kristen Ender
Kristin Ender
Kristina Ender
Kyle Ender
L Ender
Lajos Ender
Lambert Ender
Landis Ender
Larry Ender
Laura Ender
Laurie Ender
Leah Ender
Lee Ender
Leo Ender
Leona Ender
Leroy Ender
Leslie Ender
Lesly Ender
Lester Ender
Levent Ender
Liia Ender
Lila Ender
Lilian Ender
Lillian Ender
Lily Ender
Linda Ender
Lisa Ender
Loel Ender
Lois Ender
Lonise Ender
Lori Ender
Louanne Ender
Louis Ender
Louise Ender
Lyle Ender
Lynda Ender
Lynette Ender
Lynn Ender
Lynne Ender
M Ender
Madeline Ender
Magaly Ender
Mahlan Ender
Mamie Ender
Manfred Ender
Mara Ender
Marcella Ender
Marcio Ender
Marco Ender
Margaret Ender
Margie Ender
Maria Ender
Marian Ender
Marilyn Ender
Marin Ender
Marjorie Ender
Mark Ender
Markus Ender
Marshall Ender
Martin Ender
Marvin Ender
Mary Ender
Matt Ender
Matthew Ender
Matthias Ender
Max Ender
Mayer Ender
Meador Ender
Mehmet Ender
Melanie Ender
Melissa Ender
Melodie Ender
Melvin Ender
Menase Ender
Meredith Ender
Merilyn Ender
Merrit Ender
Merritt Ender
Michael Ender
Michale Ender
Michele Ender
Michelle Ender
Mike Ender
Mikel Ender
Mildred Ender
Milton Ender
Misty Ender
Mohamed Ender
Monique Ender
Morano Ender
Moreles Ender
Morten Ender
Murat Ender
Myrna Ender
N Ender
Nancy Ender
Natalia Ender
Nathan Ender
Neil Ender
Nelle Ender
Nicholas Ender
Norbert Ender
Norman Ender
Olaf Ender
Otto Ender
P Ender
Palmer Ender
Pam Ender
Pamela Ender
Pat Ender
Patrice Ender
Patricia Ender
Patrick Ender
Paul Ender
Paula Ender
Pauline Ender
Peggy Ender
Penny Ender
Peter Ender
Philip Ender
Philippe Ender
Phillip Ender
Phyllis Ender
Phyylis Ender
Priscilla Ender
R Ender
Rachel Ender
Rae Ender
Ralph Ender
Ray Ender
Raymond Ender
Rebecca Ender
Refka Ender
Regina Ender
Reina Ender
Renate Ender
Rene Ender
Rennie Ender
Rhoda Ender
Rhonda Ender
Rich Ender
Richard Ender
Rick Ender
Rita Ender
Rob Ender
Robert Ender
Robin Ender
Robt Ender
Robyn Ender
Roger Ender
Ron Ender
Ronald Ender
Rosa Ender
Rosalind Ender
Rosemary Ender
Roxane Ender
Roy Ender
Ruth Ender
Ryan Ender
S Ender
Sally Ender
Samantha Ender
Sandra Ender
Sarah Ender
Saul Ender
Scot Ender
Scott Ender
Selma Ender
Seymour Ender
Shanna Ender
Shannon Ender
Sharen Ender
Sharon Ender
Sheila Ender
Sheri Ender
Shoshana Ender
Siegfried Ender
Sigrid Ender
Sigris Ender
Simsek Ender
Sinone Ender
So Ender
Sol Ender
Stella Ender
Stephanie Ender
Stephen Ender
Steve Ender
Steven Ender
Stuart Ender
Sue Ender
Sumiyo Ender
Susan Ender
Sven Ender
Sylvia Ender
T Ender
Tamara Ender
Tami Ender
Taml Ender
Teresa Ender
Terry Ender
Thelma Ender
Theodore Ender
Theresa Ender
Thomas Ender
Tiffany Ender
Tiina Ender
Tim Ender
Timothy Ender
Todd Ender
Tom Ender
Tommer Ender
Tootie Ender
Traugott Ender
Trevor Ender
Trey Ender
Trisha Ender
Trudy Ender
V Ender
Valborg Ender
Valerie Ender
Vay Ender
Vicki Ender
Victoria Ender
Vigay Ender
Virginia Ender
Vivian Ender








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017







Insider Trading - Ender Farrell M. - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Ender Farrell M.





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-04Purchase
2016-11-0708:29 am
Independence Realty Trust Inc
IRT
Ender Farrell M.President
2,000
$7.904
$15,808
90,721(DirectIndirect)
View


2015-06-03Purchase
2015-06-044:18 pm
Independence Realty Trust Inc
IRT
Ender Farrell M.President
3,000
$8.678
$26,033
40,580(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-02-23Tax Withholding
2016-02-254:12 pm
N/AN/A
Independence Realty Trust Inc
IRT
Ender Farrell M.President
4,439
$6.8
92,141(Direct)
View


2016-02-23Tax Withholding
2016-02-254:12 pm
N/AN/A
Independence Realty Trust Inc
IRT
Ender Farrell M.President
1,420
$6.81
92,141(Direct)
View


2016-02-12Option Award
2016-02-124:49 pm
N/AN/A
Independence Realty Trust Inc
IRT
Ender Farrell M.President
56,000
$0
96,580(Direct)
View


2015-02-18Option Award
2015-02-195:08 pm
N/AN/A
Independence Realty Trust Inc
IRT
Ender Farrell M.President
25,000
$0
75,000(Direct)
View


2015-02-18Tax Withholding
2015-02-195:08 pm
N/AN/A
Independence Realty Trust Inc
IRT
Ender Farrell M.President
1,420
$9.52
75,000(Direct)
View


2015-02-18Option Award
2015-02-195:08 pm
N/A2020-02-18
Independence Realty Trust Inc
IRT
Ender Farrell M.President
75,000
$9.35
75,000(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 11:23:56 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Farrell M Ender - Bala Cynwyd, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Farrell M Ender in Bala Cynwyd, PA


Farrell M Ender

                                                                           Intelius found that Farrell M Ender  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Bala Cynwyd, PA.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Farrell M Ender is in his 40s

Farrell Has Lived In

Bala Cynwyd, PA
Charlotte, NC
Villanova, PA

Farrell's Relatives

Jessica Safian
Anita Ender
Robin Ender
Refka Ender







Farrell M Ender



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
Senior Vice President at RAIT Financial Trust



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Farrell? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Farrell, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Farrell M Ender
Get a Criminal Check on Farrell M Ender
Get a Public Record Report on Farrell M Ender
Get a People Search Report on Farrell M Ender


Farrell M Ender's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Farrell M Ender has lived as well as Farrell M Ender's phone numbers and email addresses.




Farrell M Ender Has Lived in 2 States
Pennsylvania Address for Farrell M Ender


14 W L***** L* 

Bala Cynwyd, PA


Has Lived In

Bala Cynwyd, PA
Charlotte, NC


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Farrell M Ender

(215) ***-**** - Philadelphia, PA 
(610) ***-**** - Villanova, PA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Farrell M Ender

f***********r@***.com


Get Email Report




Farrell M Ender's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Farrell M Ender's academic history.  Find out which schools Farrell M Ender attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Farrell M Ender received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Farrell M Ender Has Attended 2 Schools
James Madison University 1994 – 1998               Farrell M Ender has a Bba in Finance               
Harriton High School               1990 – 1994                              


Farrell M Ender's Professional Information
Information regarding Farrell M Ender's professional history.  Find out previous places Farrell M Ender has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Farrell M Ender Has Worked at 4 Places
Company: RAIT Financial Trust
               Title: Senior Vice President
Company: Independence Realty Trust, Inc
               Title: President
Farrell M Ender's Experience
Title: Senior Vice President
               Company: RAIT Financial Trust
Job Details
               RAIT Financial Trust manages a portfolio of real estate related assets, provides a comprehensive set of debt financing options to the real estate industry and invests in real estate related assets. RAIT's management uses its experience, knowledge and relationship network to seek to generate and manage real estate related investment opportunities for RAIT and for outside investors.
Title: President
               Company: Independence Realty Trust, Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $100 mil to less than $250 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500. Independence Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:IRT) is a real estate investment trust that seeks to own well-located apartment properties in geographic submarkets that it believes support strong occupancy and the potential for growth in rental rates. IRT seeks to provide stockholders with attractive risk-adjusted returns, with an emphasis on distributions and capital appreciation.
Additional Professional Information on Farrell M Ender

 See Farrell M Ender's LinkedIn Profile



Farrell M Ender's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Farrell M Ender


Farrell M Ender's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Farrell M Ender's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Farrell Ender
Username Matches

                  FarrellEnder
                  EnderFarrell
                  Farrell.Ender
                  Ender.Farrell
                  Farrell_Ender
                  Ender_Farrell
                  Farrell-Ender
                  Ender-Farrell
                  FEnder
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
F Ender







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Farrell M Ender - Philadelphia, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Farrell M Ender in Philadelphia, PA


Farrell M Ender

                                                                           Intelius found that Farrell M Ender  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Philadelphia, PA.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Farrell M Ender is in his 40s

Farrell Has Lived In

Philadelphia, PA
Charlotte, NC
Villanova, PA

Farrell's Relatives

Jessica Safian
Anita Ender
Robin Ender
Refka Ender







Farrell M Ender



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
Senior Vice President at RAIT Financial Trust



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Farrell? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Farrell, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Farrell M Ender
Get a Criminal Check on Farrell M Ender
Get a Public Record Report on Farrell M Ender
Get a People Search Report on Farrell M Ender


Farrell M Ender's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Farrell M Ender has lived as well as Farrell M Ender's phone numbers and email addresses.




Farrell M Ender Has Lived in 2 States
Pennsylvania Address for Farrell M Ender


232 M***** S* 

Philadelphia, PA


Has Lived In

Philadelphia, PA
Charlotte, NC


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Farrell M Ender

(215) ***-**** - Philadelphia, PA 
(610) ***-**** - Villanova, PA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Farrell M Ender

f***********r@***.com


Get Email Report




Farrell M Ender's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Farrell M Ender's academic history.  Find out which schools Farrell M Ender attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Farrell M Ender received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Farrell M Ender Has Attended 2 Schools
James Madison University 1994 – 1998               Farrell M Ender has a Bba in Finance               
Harriton High School               1990 – 1994                              


Farrell M Ender's Professional Information
Information regarding Farrell M Ender's professional history.  Find out previous places Farrell M Ender has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Farrell M Ender Has Worked at 4 Places
Company: RAIT Financial Trust
               Title: Senior Vice President
Company: Independence Realty Trust, Inc
               Title: President
Farrell M Ender's Experience
Title: Senior Vice President
               Company: RAIT Financial Trust
Job Details
               RAIT Financial Trust manages a portfolio of real estate related assets, provides a comprehensive set of debt financing options to the real estate industry and invests in real estate related assets. RAIT's management uses its experience, knowledge and relationship network to seek to generate and manage real estate related investment opportunities for RAIT and for outside investors.
Title: President
               Company: Independence Realty Trust, Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $100 mil to less than $250 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500. Independence Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:IRT) is a real estate investment trust that seeks to own well-located apartment properties in geographic submarkets that it believes support strong occupancy and the potential for growth in rental rates. IRT seeks to provide stockholders with attractive risk-adjusted returns, with an emphasis on distributions and capital appreciation.
Additional Professional Information on Farrell M Ender

 See Farrell M Ender's LinkedIn Profile



Farrell M Ender's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Farrell M Ender


Farrell M Ender's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Farrell M Ender's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Farrell Ender
Username Matches

                  FarrellEnder
                  EnderFarrell
                  Farrell.Ender
                  Ender.Farrell
                  Farrell_Ender
                  Ender_Farrell
                  Farrell-Ender
                  Ender-Farrell
                  FEnder
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
F Ender







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Farrell M. Ender - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Farrell M. Ender
President at Independence Realty Trust, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Farrell M. Ender? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Farrell M. Ender's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Farrell M. Ender's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Farrell M. Ender's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Farrell M. Ender through your network of contacts.
												








Farrell M. Ender's Executive Work History


Current


President, 
Independence Realty Trust, Inc.


Past
To view Farrell M. Ender's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
41

 
 


Farrell M. Ender's Biography



Farrell M. Ender, age 41, has served as the President of IRT since August 2014.  Mr. Ender also served as the President of IRA from April 2013 to December 2016, as Senior Vice President of RAIT, the parent of IRA and IRT's largest stockholder, from October 2007 through December 2014 and as Vice President of RAIT from October 2002 through October 2007. His experience includes acquisition, property management, construction management and disposition of apartment properties. In his capacity as Senior Vice President of RAIT, Mr. Ender was responsible for investing and structuring both debt and equity financing in commercial real estate properties ...
(Read More)

			Farrell M. Ender, age 41, has served as the President of IRT since August 2014.  Mr. Ender also served as the President of IRA from April 2013 to December 2016, as Senior Vice President of RAIT, the parent of IRA and IRT's largest stockholder, from October 2007 through December 2014 and as Vice President of RAIT from October 2002 through October 2007. His experience includes acquisition, property management, construction management and disposition of apartment properties. In his capacity as Senior Vice President of RAIT, Mr. Ender was responsible for investing and structuring both debt and equity financing in commercial real estate properties for RAIT. During that time period, Mr. Ender invested over $1.2 billion on behalf of RAIT of which $833 million was directed into 65 apartment properties containing over 14,000 units. Previously, as a Vice President in RAIT's underwriting department, Mr. Ender was responsible for performing due diligence and underwriting for approximately $300 million of investments. Before joining RAIT, from 1999 to 2002 Mr. Ender held various real estate positions at Wachovia/Maher Partners, The Staubach Company and Toll Brothers. Mr. Ender received a BBA with a major in finance from James Madison University.
		
Source: Independence Realty Trust, Inc. on 04/04/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Farrell M. Ender's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Farrell M. Ender. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Farrell M. Ender's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Farrell M. Ender's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Farrell M. Ender through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Farrell M. Ender


















Farrell M. Ender's Connections (8)





Sign up now to view Farrell M. Ender's 8 connections »









James J. Sebra
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Independence Realty Trust, Inc.









Robert F. McCadden
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust









Scott F. Schaeffer
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Independence Realty Trust, Inc.









William C. Dunkelberg
Former Board Member, Independence Realty Trust, Inc.









Sharon M. Tsao
Former Board Member, Independence Realty Trust, Inc.









DeForest B. Soaries
Board Member, Independence Realty Trust, Inc.









Mack D. Pridgen
Board Member, Independence Realty Trust, Inc.









Richard H. Ross
Board Member, Independence Realty Trust, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



















Ender's Game (2013)


























































 






 

IMDb




More





All
Titles
TV Episodes
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots










Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes




MOVIES

In Theaters
Showtimes & Tickets
Latest Trailers
Coming Soon
Release Calendar
Top Rated Movies
Most Popular Movies

CHARTS & TRENDS

Box Office
Oscar Winners
Most Popular by Genre



TV & VIDEO

IMDb TV
On Tonight
Top Rated TV Shows
Most Popular TV Shows
Watch Now on Amazon
DVD & Blu-Ray

SPECIAL FEATURES

Amazon Originals
Streaming
Comic-Con
IMDb Picks
Superheroes







Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos




CELEBS

Born Today
Celebrity News
Most Popular Celebs

PHOTOS

Latest Stills
Latest Posters
Photos We Love



EVENTS

Awards Central
Oscars
Golden Globes
Sundance
Cannes
Comic-Con
Emmy Awards
Venice Film Festival
Toronto Film Festival
Festival Central
Tribeca
All Events







News &
Community





LATEST HEADLINES



            Box Office: ‘Atomic Blonde’ Explodes With $1.5 Million, Topping ‘Emoji Movie,’ on Thursday
2 hours ago




            Priyanka Chopra Developing Comedy Series About Bollywood Star at ABC (Exclusive)
1 hour ago




            Leonard Landy, ‘Our Gang’ Actor, Dies at 84
17 hours ago






NEWS

Top News
Movie News
TV News
Celebrity News
Indie News

COMMUNITY

Contributor Zone
Polls






Watchlist




        RECENTLY ADDED
    
























The leading information resource for the entertainment industry
Find industry contacts & talent representation
Manage your photos, credits, & more
Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
Go to IMDbPro


|


                Help





















Sign in with Facebook


                Other Sign in options
            









 







 





IMDb >
Ender's Game (2013)






Watch It
Own the rights?
Buy it at Amazon

More at IMDb Pro


Update Data

Quicklinks
main detailscombined detailsfull cast and crewcompany creditsreviewsexternal reviewsawardsuser ratingsparents guideplot summarysynopsisplot keywordsmemorable quotestriviagoofssoundtrack listingcrazy creditsmovie connectionsFAQbox office/businessrelease datesfilming locationstechnical specsliterature listingsNewsDesktaglinestrailers and videospostersphoto galleryofficial sitesmiscellaneousphotographsvideo clips

Top Links
trailers and videosfull cast and crewtriviaofficial sitesmemorable quotes
Overview
main detailscombined detailsfull cast and crewcompany credits
Awards & Reviews
user reviewsexternal reviewsawardsuser ratingsparents guide
Plot & Quotes
plot summarysynopsisplot keywordsmemorable quotes
Did You Know?
triviagoofssoundtrack listingcrazy creditsalternate versionsmovie connectionsFAQ
Other Info
box office/businessrelease datesfilming locationstechnical specsliterature listingsNewsDesk
Promotional
taglines
trailers and videos
posters
photo gallery
External Links
showtimesofficial sitesmiscellaneousphotographssound clipsvideo clips




    
    
    Ender's Game (2013) More at IMDbPro »







Photos
(See all 122 | slideshow)


Videos
(see all 8)










































Share this page:







 


ad feedback




Overview



User Rating:









6.7/10 
           
           
             195,875 votes »
        
        
      




Your Rating:









Saving vote...
Deleting vote...


/10
              (delete
             | history)
          

Sorry, there was a problem




Popularity: Down 23% in popularity this week. See why on IMDbPro.

Director:

Gavin Hood



Writers (WGA):

Gavin Hood (screenplay)
Orson Scott Card (based on the book Ender's Game by)



Contact:

View company 
contact information for Ender's Game on 
IMDbPro.



Release Date:

1 November 2013 (USA)
 See more »



Genre:

Action | Fantasy | Sci-Fi See more »



Tagline:

This is not a game See more »



Plot:

Young Ender Wiggin is recruited by the International Military to lead the fight against the Formics, a genocidal alien race which nearly annihilated the human race in a previous invasion. Full summary » | Full synopsis »



Plot Keywords:


Alien
 | 
Future
 | 
Military
 | 
Battle
 | 
Colonel

See more »





Awards:

1 win
&
6 nominations
See more »



NewsDesk:
(1647 articles)


'Dunkirk' Heading Toward $51M Debut, 'Girls Trip' Strong, 'Valerian' Sinks  (From BoxOfficeMojo.com. 20 July 2017, 11:07 AM, PDT)

Horror Highlights: Terror Films Teams Up with iflix, Monster Hunt DVD, The Passing, The Thing In The Woods, Philip K. Dick Sci-Fi Film Fest  (From DailyDead. 8 June 2017, 7:08 AM, PDT)

Horror Highlights: Horror Popsicle Pins, Charlie Sheen at Wizard World, The Follower, Philip K. Dick Science Fiction Film Fest, Sci-Fi-London Film Fest  (From DailyDead. 13 April 2017, 8:54 AM, PDT)




User Reviews:

Depends on the viewer
See more (573 total) »


 Cast  (in credits order) (complete, awaiting verification)  Asa Butterfield ... Ender Wiggin Harrison Ford ... Colonel Graff Hailee Steinfeld ... Petra Arkanian Abigail Breslin ... Valentine Wiggin Ben Kingsley ... Mazer Rackham Viola Davis ... Major Gwen Anderson Aramis Knight ... Bean Suraj Partha ... Alai (as Suraj Parthasarathy) Moises Arias ... Bonzo Madrid Khylin Rhambo ... Dink Meeker Jimmy 'Jax' Pinchak ... Peter Wiggin (as Jimmy Jax Pinchak) Nonso Anozie ... Sergeant Dap Conor Carroll ... Bernard Caleb J. Thaggard ... Stilson (as Caleb Thaggard) Cameron Gaskins ... Slattery (Leopard Army) Stevie Ray Dallimore ... John Wiggin Andrea Powell ... Theresa Wiggin Brandon Soo Hoo ... Fly Molo Kyle Clements ... Young Mazer Rackham Wendy Miklovic ... Female Doctor Jasmine Kaur ... Professor Han Soto ... Lieutenant Soto Edrick Browne ... Eros Tech Officer Hendee Tony Mirrcandani ... Admiral Chjamrajnagar Christopher Coakley ... Stilson Buddy #1 Chase Walker ... Stilson Buddy #2 Gavin Hood ... Giant rest of cast listed alphabetically: Joseph Angelette ... Member of Rat Army (uncredited)Clayton Barth ... Featured Extra in Mess Hall (uncredited)Alex Bartz ... Launchie - Eros Cadet (uncredited)Noëlle Renée Bercy ... Dragon (uncredited)Maris Black ... Soldier Rat Army (uncredited)Blake Burt ... Stilson's Posse (uncredited)Matt Cipro ... Soldier (uncredited)Cameron Fachman ... Cadet Wallace (uncredited)Dawson Fletcher ... Launchie / Dragon Platoon / Eros (uncredited)Brandon Guttuso ... Griffin Cadet (uncredited)Kelvin Harrison Jr. ... Salamander (uncredited)Jessica Harthcock ... Launchie / Dragon Platoon / Eros (uncredited)King Hoey ... Cadet / Launchie (uncredited)Elton LeBlanc ... Retired Soldier (uncredited)Jacob Leinbach ... Mick (uncredited)Ty Parker ... Salamander / Dragon (uncredited)Malik Peters ... Launchie / Dragon (uncredited)Giovanni Silva ... Tech Officer Mihailov (uncredited)Griffin Smith ... Cadet / Centipede Army (uncredited)Hunter Stansberry ... Salamander / Eros (uncredited)Yung Swizz'Agg ... Sammy (uncredited)Joseph Uzzell ... Medic (uncredited) Directed by Gavin Hood   Writing credits (WGA)Gavin Hood (screenplay by)Orson Scott Card (based on the book Ender's Game by)Produced by Orson Scott Card .... producer  Robert Chartoff .... producer  David Coatsworth .... executive producer  Deborah Del Prete .... executive producer  Lynn Hendee .... producer  Aaron Johnston .... associate producer  Alex Kurtzman .... producer  Bill Lischak .... executive producer  Linda McDonough .... producer  Roberto Orci .... producer  Gigi Pritzker .... producer  Ted Ravinett .... executive producer  Venkatesh Roddam .... executive producer  Mandy Safavi .... executive producer  Ed Ulbrich .... producer  Ivy Zhong .... executive producer  Original Music by Steve Jablonsky   Cinematography by Donald McAlpine   Film Editing by Lee Smith   Zach Staenberg   Casting by John Papsidera   Production Design by Sean Haworth   Ben Procter   Art Direction by Greg Berry   A. Todd Holland (supervising art director)  Clint Wallace   Set Decoration by Peter Lando   Costume Design by Christine Bieselin Clark   Makeup Department Chris Burgoyne .... tattoo application   Stacey Butterworth .... wig maker   Becky Cotton .... makeup artist  Daina Daigle .... hair stylist  Karri Farris .... key makeup artist   Kathrine Gordon .... hair dept. head   LaToya Henderson .... makeup artist  (as LaToya Green) Erica Kyker .... assistant makeup artist  (as Erica Dewey) Dee Leveque .... assistant hair stylist   Robin Mathews .... makeup artist  Lali Peer .... makeup artist: motion capture  Trefor Proud .... makeup department head   Remi Savva .... makeup artist  Betty Lou Skinner .... key hair stylist   Production Management David Coatsworth .... unit production manager  Christy Dimmig .... post-production supervisor  Thane Watkins .... production supervisor  Bryan Yaconelli .... executive in charge of production  Mark W. McCoy .... vice president feature post production (uncredited)  Cecil O'Connor .... production manager: BC Unit (uncredited)  Jason Pomerantz .... production manager: IMAX version (uncredited)  Chris Ranta .... executive in charge of production (uncredited)  Second Unit Director or Assistant Director Maria Battle-Campbell .... second assistant director  Mick MacKay .... first assistant director: second unit  Michael Musteric .... second second assistant director  Hirotatsu Taniguchi .... additional second assistant director   Garrett Warren .... second unit director  Kim H. Winther .... first assistant director  Art Department C. Scott Baker .... set designer  Jason Beale .... digital coordinator   Andrew M. Casbon III .... scenic artist  Dianne Chadwick .... graphic designer   Christy M. Corb .... construction medic   Duncan Crawford .... sculptor   Richard F. Creedon .... propmaker   Matthew L. Crowson .... set dresser  Saul Cruthirds .... laborer   Mick Cummings .... set decoration buyer   Paul Cunningham .... set dresser  Cosmas A. Demetriou .... digital set designer   Colin Dennis .... general foreman   James Doh .... storyboard artist  Adam Dougherty .... sculptor   Russ Doyle .... greensman  Benjamin Edelberg .... senior digital set designer   Dan Engle .... modeler gang boss   Zachary Fannin .... graphic designer   Jaime Fernandez .... on-set dresser   Stephen Finders .... props  Sarah Forrest .... set designer  Tom Frohling .... lead digital set designer   Rick Gamez .... prop fabricator   Collin Grant .... storyboard artist  Damon Green .... propmaker foreman   Amy Heinz-Barnett .... set designer  (as Amy Heinz) Brock Helfer .... set dressing gangboss   Anthony J. Henderson .... sculptor   Chris Hopkins .... sculptor   Bruce Jackson .... welder   Ryan Jacoby .... plaster foreman   Henry Stuart John .... set construction foreman  (as Stuart John) Tommy John .... painter   Jamey Johnson .... construction location foreman   Kent Jones .... paint foremen   Noelle King .... set designer  Lisa M. Kittredge-Rodriguez .... construction controller  (as Lisa M. Kittredge) Lisa M. Kittredge-Rodriguez .... supervising construction auditor  (as Lisa M. Kittredge) April LaBranche .... set decoration coordinator   Twig Leveque .... property and set master   David Vyle Levy .... senior concept artist   Ken Lewis Jr. .... plasterer   Andrew H. Lewis .... mold shop   Landon Lott .... prop illustrator   Daniel A. Maes .... set dresser  Dave Merry .... lead greensman   Steven Messing .... concept designer   Rochelle Meyer .... art department coordinator  (as Rochelle Harvey) Michael Meyers .... illustrator  James Miller .... lead sculptor  (as Jamie Miller) Jon K. Miller .... model maker   Don Miloyevich .... prop master  Robert J. Moore Jr. .... set dresser  Scotty Morris .... set dresser  John Naehrlich .... leadman  Cenay Oekmen .... concept artist   Ken Palkow .... prop fabricator   Brett Phillips .... model maker: art department   Anshuman Prasad .... set designer  Jack Reeves .... stand-by painter   Virle S. Reid .... assistant property master  Bert Rodriguez .... construction foreman  Bert Rodriguez .... propmaker foreman   Doug Rosenberger .... general foreman   Phil Saunders .... illustrator  Michelle Schluter-Ford .... assistant set decorator   David Shauger .... propmaker gangboss   Robert O. Simons .... illustrator  Aaron Sims .... concept artist   Jason Soles .... lead plaster   Frank Spadafora .... painter   Tully Summers .... creature designer   Anthony Syracuse .... construction coordinator   Randy Syracuse .... propmaker foreman   Ash Thorp .... graphic designer   Lionel Toyer .... laborer   Dwayne Turner .... storyboard artist  Miccah Underwood .... art department production assistant   Brian A. Waits .... set designer  Frank White .... welder foreman   Ray L. Wilkerson .... prop maker/welder   Lyndell Wolff .... carpenter  Ben Woodworth .... painter   Paul Alix .... props builder (uncredited)  Edward Skade .... sculptor (uncredited)  Sound Department Christopher Alba .... supervising foley editor   Ron Bartlett .... re-recording mixer  Derek Casari .... adr engineer   Lori Castro .... sound department: Mix assistant   Dane A. Davis .... sound designer  Dane A. Davis .... supervising sound editor  Stephanie Flack .... Co-Supervising Sound Editor   Tim Gomillion .... sound recordist  Hilda Hodges .... foley artist  Steven Huerstel .... utility boom   Matthew W. Kielkopf .... first assistant sound editor   Eric Lindemann .... sound designer  Brad Lokey .... boom operator: second unit  David Lucarelli .... adr recordist   Jay Meagher .... sound mixer  Alyson Dee Moore .... foley artist  Jordan O'Neill .... Datasat sound mastering engineer   Tom Ozanich .... additional re-recording mixer   Michael Piotrowski .... boom operator  Michael Piotrowski .... sound mixer: second unit  Erin Michael Rettig .... dolby atmos re-recording engineer   John Roesch .... foley artist  Michael Schapiro .... sound editor  (as Michael C. Schapiro) David A. Whittaker .... sound effects editor  Ryan Young .... adr recordist  (as Ryan D. Young) Special Effects by Bianca Appice .... special effects crew   Roland Blancaflor .... special effects technician: specialty costumes  Jay Busch .... special effects technician  Erdwin J. Clausen Jr. .... special effects utility   Brian Clawson .... fabricator   Mitch Cornel .... special effects technician  Yves De Bono .... special effects supervisor  Juan Diaz Jr. .... special effects buyer  (as Juan Diaz) Scott Dwyer .... special effects technician  Alec Gillis .... alien creature effects   Jacob Gillman .... special effects purchaser   Ken Gorrell .... special effects  Franco Goss .... specialty props   Jared Guenther .... special effects technician  Jonn Herzberger .... special effects mechanical engineer   Joel Hobbie .... special effects technician  Mik Kastner .... special effects technician  Pete Kelley .... special effects technician: Quantum Creation FX  Michael McGee .... props  Heidi Mistic .... special effects technician: body shopper  Tim Phoenix .... special effects  Valek Sykes .... special effects makeup   Delphine Tandonnet .... special effects crew   Cale Thomas .... painter: Quantum FX   George Troester .... special effects technician  Kenneth Van Order .... special effects shop foreman   Tom Woodruff Jr. .... alien creature effects   Jody Schoffner .... special effects department (uncredited)  Visual Effects by Alex Maldonado M. .... executive creative producer   Omaikel Alfaro .... rotoscoping artist: DDMG   Peter Allendale .... compositor: Comen VFX   Luis Almazan .... motion graphics artist   Daniel Lorenzo Alvarez .... rigger   David An .... visual effects editor  (as David Hsin) Anuj Anand .... lead lighting technical director   Hazra Anup .... matchmove artist   Ryan Apuy .... visual effects artist   Kenneth Armstrong .... compositor: Comen VFX   Austen Armus .... production services supervisor   Nicole Arnell .... roto/paint artist: Digital Domain   Abhishek Arya .... lead matchmove artist   Abhishek Arya .... lead matchmove artist.   Artin Aryaei .... compositor: Digital Domain   Ivan Asen .... Pipeline coordinator   Tohda Asuka .... cg supervisor: Digital Domain   Dmitri Bajenov .... effects animator: The Embassy   Zeljko Barcan .... cg supervisor: Reliance MediaWorks   Austin Basile .... visual effects editor: The Embassy   Joel Bautista .... compositor: Digital Domain   Monica Rodriguez Bautista .... digital paint/roto artist   Ryan Beagan .... Mocap stage technician   Paul Beaudry .... lead motion graphics animator   Eric M. Beaver .... digital compositor   Aaron Beebe .... production coordinator  Joel Behrens .... compositing supervisor: Digital Domain   Frank Belardo .... digital modeler: Digital Domain   Ronaldo Benaraw .... Mocap stage technician   Jonathan Benayoun .... pipeline technical director: DigitalDomain   Benjamin H. Bernard .... lead visual effects artist   Lisa Beroud .... visual effects producer: Digital Domain   Greg Berridge .... digital effects   Rebecca Bever .... software engineer   Michael Blackbourn .... cg supervisor: The Embassy   Dan Bodenstein .... effects artist: Digital Domain   Ricardo Bonisoli .... texture artist   Michael Bovberg .... digital compositor: Digital Domain   Kane Brassington .... paint fix artist   Mark Breakspear .... visual effects supervisor: Method Studios Vancouver  Dean Broadland .... lead pipeline technical director   Matt Brumit .... digital compositor: Digital Domain   Shauna Bryan .... visual effects executive producer   Daniel Buck .... lighting artist   Nathan Budarick .... rigger   Sirius Buisson .... lighting technical director: Digital Domain   Brian Burks .... previs artist   Benjamin Burr .... lead compositor: Goldtooth Creative   Matthew E. Butler .... visual effects supervisor  John Cairns .... compositing supervisor: Method Vancouver   Simon Carlile .... cg lighting artist   Tim Carras .... visual effects supervisor: Comen VFX  David Casey .... compositor: The Embassy   Sarah Cave .... senior digital production coordinator: Digital Domain   Melissa Cell .... digital production administrator: Digital Domain   Min Hyun Cha .... digital compositor   Charles-Felix Chabert .... effects animation supervisor   Chris Chalaire .... digital paint: DDMG   Viki Chan .... on-set/data integration lead   Nardeep Chander .... fx artist: Digital Domain   Alexis Chapman .... digital compositor: method studios   Paul Chapman .... compositor: digital domain   Kathy Chasen-Hay .... visual effects consultant   Vincent Cheng .... integration artist: digital domain   Vincent Cheng .... layout artist: digital domain   Mark Chernausek .... digital production administrator   Vanessa Cheung .... digital matte painter   Arun P. Chidambaram .... lightning td   Jesse James Chisholm .... texture photographer: Digital Domain   Johnson Chuang .... matchmove artist: Method Studios   Mihai Cioroba .... lead effects technical director: Digital Domain   Rafael Colon .... digital compositor: Digital Domain   Joshua D. Comen .... visual effects producer: Comen VFX   Brian Connor .... compositing supervisor: Digital Domain   Paul Copeland .... asset supervisor: The Embassy   Miquel Àngel Corominas Pla .... fx technical director: post23   Sophia Coronado .... 3D integration artist: Digital Domain   Alexander Costa .... digital paint lead: DDMG   Jan Philip Cramer .... animation director: Digital Domain   Brandon Criswell .... lead compositor: Comen VFX   Jonathan Cronk .... operations: Comen VFX   Timothy Crowley .... visual effects data wrangler   Brian Cuartero .... compositor: Comen VFX   Lluïsa Cuchillo .... digital compositor: post23   Chris Cummins .... Mocap coordinator   Scott Dace .... senior animator: Digital Domain   Rhea Darch .... matchmove artist   Markus Daum .... visual effects: rigger  Enoch Davis .... digital production administrator: Digital Domain   Frankie De Leonardis .... digital compositor   Hugo Debat-Burkarth .... look development: Digital Domain   Paul Debevec .... light stage senior supervisor   Damien Delaunay .... lighting artist   Mark Della Rosa .... animator: Digital Domain  Max Dennison .... visual effects supervisor: Reliance  Julien Depredurand .... fx artist: Digital Domain   Francois-Maxence Desplanques .... fx td   Eric J. Dima-ala .... matte painter & digital environment artist: Digital Domain   Megan Dolman .... digital artist: Digital Domain   Raul Dominguez .... senior modeler   Alia Dong-Stewart .... motion capture artist   Anand Dorairaj .... digital compositor: Digital Domain   Keegan Douglas .... compositor: Digital Domain   Jason Dowdeswell .... head of production: Digital Domain   Jonathan DuGuay .... digital production administrator   Chris Duncan .... matte painter: Digital Domain   Daniel Dupre .... integration artist   Robert East .... visual effects artist   Abdullah Ecirli .... digital compositor: Digital Domain   Brendan Eddy .... CG artist: Comen VFX   David Edwards .... matte painter   Jason Edwards .... senior modeler   Brent Elliott .... look development   Kat Elliott .... visual effects sequence coordinator: Digital Domain   Eric Ennis .... visual effects artist   Nick Epstein .... CG supervisor   Zachary Epstein .... production accountant  Jeremy Ezekiel .... digital compositor: Digital Domain   Steven Fagerquist .... digital compositor   Jordan Fast .... texture & lighting artist   Christine Felman .... vfx production coordinator   Victor Manuel Fernandez .... digital paint: DDMG   Kiel Figgins .... previz animator: Digital Domain   Matthieu Fiorilli .... senior rigger   David Fowler .... head of cg: Reliance Mediaworks/Digital Domain   Frederick Fowles .... senior creature technical director   Thomas H. Frederick .... 3d integration camera assistant: Digital Domain   Thomas H. Frederick .... mocap camera operator: Digital Domain   Janet Freedland .... roto/paint artist   Albert Garcia Gil .... digital compositor: Post23   Jordi Garcia Jimenez .... digital effects supervisor: post23   Danny Garcia .... lead integration artist   Alvaro Gasco .... modeler: Post23   Dawn Gates .... digital paint/roto artist: Digital Domain   Sheik Ghafoor .... digital production administrator: digital domain   Sirak Ghebremusse .... render wrangler: Digital Domain   Tristam Gieni .... effects animator: The Embassy   Swen Gillberg .... second unit visual effects supervisor: Digital Domain   Andrea Giordano .... texture artist   Rizza Go .... outsource visual effects producer: Digital Domain   Derik Gokstorp .... pipeline technical director   Jose Luis Gomez Diaz .... software: Digital Domain   Claudio Gonzalez .... digital paint lead: DDMG   Esther Gonzalez .... digital notetaker   Jorge Carlos Gonzalez .... digital modeler: Digital Domain  (as Jorge Gonzalez de Cossio E.) Adrian Graham .... Pipeline Technical Director: Digital Domain   Jason Gray .... visual effects systems administrator   Gavin Gregory .... visual effects producer   Annemarie Griggs .... visual effects producer   Björn Gromoll .... texturing: lighting -TD   Kathleen Haase .... Light Stage Producer   Kirstin Hall .... digital compositor: Digital Domain   Don Ho Han .... digital production administrator   Jayse Hansen .... lead motion graphics designer   Ian A. Harris .... compositor: Digital Domain   Andrew Harvey .... r&d developer   Alex Hatfield .... nuke technical director: Digital Domain   James G. Hebb .... managing director: The Embassy   Winston Helgason .... visual effects producer: The Embassy   Claas Henke .... concept design   Sonia Henkel .... visual effects coordinator  (as Sonia Gilmore) Garman Herigstad .... visual effects artist   Hans Heymans .... lead rigger   David Hodgins .... digital effects supervisor   Eva Hoentzsch .... recruiter: Digital Domain   Dennis Hoerter .... key grip  David Horsley .... visual effects artist: dynamics & lighting   Daryn Houston .... digital production administrator: Digital Domain   Jeffrey John Howard .... animation production coordinator: Digital Domain   Josh Huitema .... render i/o: method studios   Christoffer Hulusjö .... pipeline technical director: Method Studios Vancouver   Lina Hum .... digital artist   Stu Hunter .... paint/roto artist   Ryan Hurd .... visual effects artist   Neil Huxley .... art director / motion graphics supervisor: Digital Domain   Kenneth Ibrahim .... massive td: Digital Domain   Ilamuruguselvan .... digital compositor: Digital Domain   Daniel J. Ingram .... outsource technical director: Digital Domain   Anna Ivanova .... texture artist: Digital Domain   Stephen James .... senior compositor: Digital Domain Vancouver   Montu Jariwala .... data integration artist: digital domain   Patrick Jarvis .... digital paint dept. supervisor: DDMG   Manovigianek Jehman .... pipeline technical director: Method Studios Vancouver   Eugene Jeong .... rigging td: Digital Domain   Hanjoo Jeong .... effects technical director: Digital Domain   Sergio Jimenez .... visual effects producer: post23   Zahid Jiwa .... digital compositor: Method Studios   Inki Jo .... lighting artist: Digital Domain   John Johansson .... software engineer: Digital Domain   Roger Johnson .... video assist engineer   Steve Johnston .... visual effects: Digital Domain  Hannah Josepher .... modeler: Digital Domain   Himanshu Joshi .... effects animator: The Embassy   Mark Justison .... compositor: Digital Domain   Georg Kaltenbrunner .... fx supervisor: Digital Domain   Neehar Karnik .... technical director   Nitant Karnik .... digital compositor: Digital Domain   John Kasprzak .... previz artist   Raechel Kasprzak .... visual effects sequence coordinator: Digital Domain   Stephen Kelloway .... animator  Alexis Kellum-Creer .... studio manager: The Embassy   Wayne Kennedy .... asset supervisor   Jenna Kerr .... associate production manager   Louis Kim .... digital compositor: Digital Domain   Woonam Kim .... layout lead: Digital Domain   Raymond C. King .... visual effects artist   Pency Kinnard .... digital compositor   Doron Kipper .... visual effects data wrangler   Karly Klaybor .... production assistant  Jamal Knight .... digital compositor: Digital Domain   Scott Ko .... compositing production coordinator: Digital Domain   Karl Kohlman .... visual effects artist   Lenz Kol .... digital compositor   Michelle Korczak .... roto/paint artist: Digital Domain  (as Michelle Skrzyniarz) Aaron Kramer .... lighting artist   Arun Krishnan .... matchmove artist   Ross Krothe .... lighting artist: Digital Domain   Magnolia Ku Lea .... animator  Amit George Kuruvilla .... senior effects technical director: Digital Domain   Evan Kwan .... roto/paint artist: Digital Domain   Wanda Kwok .... roto/paint artist   Donna Lanasa .... lighting technical director   Mike Larrabee .... paint supervisor   Mårten Larsson .... associate digital effects supervisor   Julien Lasbleiz .... visual effects artist   Nha Hoan Le .... digital artist: Digital Domain   Pier Lefebvre .... matte painter   Eric D Legare .... animation technical director   Simon Legrand .... visual effects  Snowy Leo .... lead lighting artist: digital domain   Vincenzo Leombruno .... character technical director: post23   Chun Ho Ray Leung .... modeller   Shahar Levavi .... animation lead   Jamie Lewis .... vfx intern: Digital Domain  (as James Lewis) Linghao Li .... technical director: Digital Domain   Lionel Lim .... compositor: The Embassy   Kevin Lingenfelser .... lead compositor: Digital Domain   James S. Little .... FX TD: Digital Domain   Ting Lo .... texture paint lead   Wai Kwong Lo .... lighting artist  (as Ken Lo) Juan David Lopez .... digital compositor   Andrew Lowell .... visual effects artist   Michael Lowes .... effects lead: The Embassy   Sam Loxton .... effects technical director   Tarin Lucas .... roto artist: DDMG   Rasely Ma .... integration artist   Susan Ma .... production manager: The Embassy  Andreas Maaninka .... lead digital modeler: Digital Domain   Dawn Brooks Macleod .... visual effects producer: Goldtooth Creative   Brynn Macpherson .... systems support   Steven J. Madonna .... systems administration   Gabriel Mandala .... compositor   Rebecca Manning .... lead digital compositor   Mitchell Marciales .... CG artist   Adam Marisett .... animator: The Embassy  Matt Marshall .... digital production administrator   Kevin McGill .... camera operator  Krista McLean .... lead matte painter   Chris McLeod .... visual effects coordinator   Steve McLeod .... visual effects editor: method studios   Rick McMahon .... digital compositor   Scott Meadows .... previsualization supervisor   Landon Medeiros .... digital compositor: Digital Domain   Greg Meeres-Young .... head of lighting   Gabriela Mejia .... visual effects artist   Michael Melchiorre .... senior compositor   Mark Michaels .... Head of 2D: Reliance MediaWorks   Ryo Mikai .... effects technical director   Steve Miller .... visual effects editor   Alexandre Millet .... look dev & lighting lead: Digital Domain   Damon Milman .... technical director: cfx   Natt Mintrasak .... animation technical director: Digital Domain   Miguel Miranda .... visual effects artist   Young Joon Mok .... roto artist   Jim Moorhead .... digital integration   Cathy Morin .... texture artist: Digital Domain   Betsy Mueller .... lighting lead   Chris Mulcaster .... modeller: Digital Domain   Rémi Munier .... character rigger: Digital Domain   Rémi Munier .... cloth technical director: Digital Domain   Howie Muzika .... modeler: Digital Domain   Ben Myers .... motion graphic artist   Daisuke Nagae .... digital artist   Maia Neubig .... rigger   Vinh Nguyen .... digital compositor   Chris Nichols .... senior texture painter   David Niednagel .... visual effects outsource supervisor   Sam Nixon .... lead layout/integration artist   Quico Noizeux .... digital compositor: Post23   Thomas Nugent .... compositor   Collette Nunes .... visual effects editor   Ciaran O'Connor .... digital compositor: Digital Domain   Michael Hugh O'Donnell .... assistant visual effects editor   Conor O'Mara .... visual effects  Jan Oberhauser .... pipeline technical director   Cenay Oekmen .... digital artist   Kym Olsen .... digital compositor   Sai Win Myint Oo .... fx artist: Digital Domain   Rob Ostir .... previsualization artist   Marc Ostroff .... head of production accounting: DD   Christopher Page .... lead animator: Digital Domain   Jinnie Pak .... visual effects producer: Method Studios Vancouver   Oliver Palmer .... pipeline technical director: Digital Domain   Earl Paraszczynec .... CG supervisor   Hojin Park .... compositor: digital domain   Michael J. Parker .... lighting artist  (as Mike Parker) Navarro Parker .... interface artist   Angela Pascal .... visual effects coordinator: Comen VFX   Parag Patel .... visual effects artist   Vishal Patel .... senior effects technical director   Anuj Patil .... senior compositor: Digital Domain   Joe Patterson .... systems administration: The Embassy   Simon Payne .... rigging head of department   Carlos Pedroza .... previs artist   Stephen Pepper .... visual effects supervisor: The Embassy  Patrick Perez .... pre-viz & layout   Hayley Perkins .... visual effects coordinator   Chi Pham .... visual effects systems administrator   Rémi Pierre .... visual effects  Nico Primak .... visual effects production assistant: Digital Domain   Esdras Prudente .... rotoscope lead: Method Studios Vancouver   Francis Puthanangadi .... digital compositor: Digital Domain   Benjamin Rabaste .... lighting / technical director   A.J. Raitano .... camera operator  Michael Ralla .... digital compositor: Digital Domain Venice   Lara Ramirez .... visual effects editor   Mohammad Rastkar .... layout artist   Rick Ravenell .... visual effects artist   Ryan Reeb .... visual effects  Thomas Reppen .... visual effects artist   Ron Rhee .... Mocap artist   Daniel Rhein .... environment artist: Digital Domain   Mauricio D. Ricaldi .... roto/paint artist   Michael Richardson .... digital coordinator: Digital Domain   Tim Riley .... effects artist   Christine Carnegie Rinaldi .... rotoscope artist  (as Christine Carnegie) Gabriela Rios .... Mocap production supervisor   Sean Rivet .... lighting artist   Gary Roberts .... virtual production supervisor   James William Roberts .... senior visual effects artist   Sharon Roberts .... visual effects coordinator: Method Studios   Pau Rocher .... senior compositor: digital domain   Marco Romeo .... character technical director: post23   Lesley Rooney .... texture artist   Marc Roth .... effects animator: The Embassy   Sue Rowe .... visual effects supervisor  Alvin Roxas .... production coordinator: digital domain  Randy Ruan .... digital compositor   Greg Ruane .... digital production administrator   Greg Rulfs .... visual effects coordinator: Digital Domain   Katya Ruslanova .... digital compositor: Digital Domain  (as Ruslanova Katya) Brian Rust .... digital compositor   Kalman Ruszkai .... visual effects artist  (as Ruszkai Kálmán) Kody Sabourin .... VFX exec producer: Goldtooth   Imran Sajid .... lighting technical director   Ryo Sakaguchi .... computer graphics supervisor: Digital Domain   Ronald Samson .... lead lighting technical director   Ronald Samson .... lighting technical director   David Sanchez .... cg modeler   Ran Sariel .... pipeline supervisor: The Embassy   Lukas Sarralde .... digital paint: Digital Domain   Sathiyakumar .... matchmove artist   Kim Savory .... animator: The Embassy  Elizabeth Schafer Knovick .... graphics producer   Philippe G. Schibler .... visual effects artist: Post23   Jeremy Schichtel .... mocap artist: Digital Domain   Brian Schultz .... digital artist   John Christopher Scott .... production coordinator: DDMG  Shaun Scott .... lead look development technical director: Digital Domain London   Diana Sear .... digital artist: Digital Domain   Oliver Seemann .... matte painter   Jason Selfe .... senior compositor   Rasoul Shafeazadeh .... lead matte painter   Manesh Shafiei .... media systems: Digital Domain   Manesh Shafiei .... systems support: Digital Domain   Rommel Shamoun .... compositor: Digital Domain   Som Shankar .... integration supervisor: Digital Domain   Steven S. Shapiro .... pipeline supervisor   Damon Shelton .... senior motion capture pipeline engineer   Louis Silverstein .... digital notetaker   Anna Silvey .... texture artist   Joao Sita .... digital compositor: Digital Domain   David Skorepa .... texture artist: Digital Domain   Stephan Skorepa .... texture/lighting artist: Digital Domain   Bryan Smeall .... lead compositor: Digital Domain   Dan Smiczek .... effects animation artist: Digital Domain   Edmond Smith III .... visual effects artist   Andrew Smith .... visual effects editor: Digital Domain   R. Matt Smith .... digital compositor: Digital Domain   Glenn Snyder .... simulation lead: Comen VFX   Marque Pierre Sondergaard .... texture artist   Yoan Souligoux .... fx artist: Digital Domain   John C. Sparks .... visual effects artist: Digital Domain   Marcus Speaker .... digital coordinator   Nancy St. John .... senior visual effects producer   Daniel Stern .... visual effects artist   Andrew Stillinger .... digital paint: DDMG   Trevor Strand .... visual effects lead compositor   Bradey Strong .... lighting lead: The Embassy   Dusan Strugar .... CG supervisor   Sujil Sukumaran .... fx artist: Digital Domain   Shuichi Suzuki .... cg modeler: Digital Domain   Åsa Svedberg .... lighter   Christina Takahashi .... production coordinator: Digital Domain  Kazuki Takahashi .... lighting technical director   Hanzhi Tang .... cg supervisor: Digital Domain   Martin Tardif .... senior lighting artist: Digital Domain   Adam Tate .... visual effects coordinator   Julien Taton .... pipeline technical director   Ryan M. Taylor .... texture artist: digital domain   Scott Tessier .... visual effects artist   John Textor .... executive: Digital Domain   Chonnanit Na Thalang .... compositor: Comen VFX   Mark Thielen .... crowds lead   Guillaume Thimus .... lighting td: Digital Domain London   Robert Charles Thomas .... visual effects  Stephen Thornhill .... texture artist   Alexander Tirasongkran .... Matchmove/ Layout TD   Anna Tonrungroj .... digital compositor   Remy Torre .... fx technical director   Izzy Traub .... motion graphics artist   Emerito Trevino .... pipeline td: Digital Domain   Hardik Trivedi .... machmove artist   Mark Trowbridge .... data management: Method Studios   Curtis Tsai .... digital production manager: Method Studios Vancouver   Benjamin Tse .... digital production administrator   Hiroshi Tsubokawa .... effects animation supervisor   Ryan Uhrich .... motion graphics artist   Ron Underdahl .... on set data integration   Ryan Valade .... visual effects editor: Digital Domain   Simon van de Lagemaat .... lighting supervisor: The Embassy   Kevin Vanderjagt .... digital producer: Digital Domain   Luke Wakeford .... modeler: Digital Domain   Ed Walters .... roto/paint artist: Digital Domain   Nelson Wang .... rigger   Renee Ward .... producer: vfx  Stephanie Warner .... layout coordinator: Digital Domain   April Warren .... virtual production lab supervisor   Daniel Weber .... HMC wrangler   Keith Weilmuenster .... digital artist   Shelley Welch .... layout artist   Holly Wenger .... Integration Artist   Nicole A. West .... effects technical director   Chelsea Whittet .... visual effects artist   Trevor Wide .... lead texture painter: Digital Domain   Ryan Wilk .... visual effects coordinator: Digital Domain   Kevin J. Williams .... previz artist   Ian Wilson .... systems support: Digital Domain   Jody Wilson .... associate production manager   Jeff Wolverton .... visual effects artist   Steve Won .... digital producer: Digital Domain 3.0   Megan Wong .... production coordinator: Digital Domain  Samson Sing Wun Wong .... lighting artist: digital domain   Andrew Wood .... visual effects  Trevor Wyatt .... rotoscope and matchmove coordinator: method studios   Dacklin Young .... tracker/matchmover   Xueming Yu .... light stage supervisor   Anthony Zalinka .... effects artist: Digital Domain   Eric Zhang .... texture artist: digital domain   Tong Zhou .... lighting artist: digital domain   Barry Zubel .... senior systems administrator   Roxanne Zuckerman .... integration artist   Christopher S. Allen .... digital painter (uncredited)  Scott Allen .... head of information technology (uncredited)  Brett Ellis .... visual effects artist: Digital Domain (uncredited)  Guy Hauldren .... 3D scanning (uncredited)  Goran Kocov .... matchmove artist (uncredited)  Sullivan Richard .... matte painter (uncredited)  Oded Rosenblum .... systems coordinator: Digital Domain (uncredited)  Carlos Rubio .... digital compositor (uncredited)  Karen N. Sickles .... studio production manager: Digital Domain (uncredited)  Kim Smith .... senior texture artist (uncredited)  Mariangela Suma .... visual effects production assistant: Reliance MediaWorks-Digital Domain (uncredited)  Ash Thorp .... digital artist (uncredited)  Stunts Kevin Abercrombie .... stunts  Kristina Baskett .... stunts  Hunter Baxley .... utility stunts   Emily Brobst .... stunts  Ashleigh Dejon .... stunt double  Ashleigh Dejon .... stunts  Chris J. Fanguy .... utility stunts   Christopher M. Fanguy .... stunt double  Colin Follenweider .... stunts  Alice Ford .... stunt performer  Marci Franklin .... stunt equipment dresser   Jeff Galpin .... utility stunts   Mark Ginther .... assistant stunt coordinator   Crista Marie Jackson .... stunts  Norman Kent .... stunt performer  Nito Larioza .... utility stunts   Brian Machleit .... stunts  Cliff McLaughlin .... stunts  J. Travis Merendino .... stunt rigger  (as Travis Merindino) Sarah Molasky .... stunts  Jack Montague .... stunt double  J.J. Perry .... stunts  Preston Schrag .... utility stunts   Myke Schwartz .... aerial coordinator   Laurie Singer .... utility stunts   Jill Stokesberry .... stunts  Erik Thirsk .... stunt double: Harrison Ford  Mallory Thompson .... stunt performer  Alicia Vela-Bailey .... stunt double  Alicia Vela-Bailey .... stunts  Garrett Warren .... stunt coordinator   Camera and Electrical Department Phillip Abeyta .... fixtures technician  (as Phil Abeyta) Will Arnot .... Steadicam operator  Will Arnot .... camera operator: "a" camera  Patrick Barnes .... technocrane operator   Dwayne Barr .... dolly grip: "a" camera  Adam Barth .... key video engineer   Chris Bolton .... digital imaging technician: additional   Giovanni Bommarito .... additional grip   Bryan Booth .... dimmer board operator   Scott Calcagno .... additional grip   Alfred Castillo .... best boy grip  Dorian A. Celestain .... lighting technician  Larry Cottrill .... lighting technician  Brandon Dauzat .... first assistant camera: skydive unit  Matthew W. Davis .... camera operator: "c" camera  Eric DePoorter .... rigging grip   Joe Engelbrecht .... grip  Peter Enneking .... additional lighting programmer   Corey Erwin .... additional grip   Chad Eshbaugh .... 2nd techno tech   Chad Eshbaugh .... technocrane operator   Kevin Fannon .... additional grip   Chris Flowers .... rigging electrician   Richard Foreman Jr. .... still photographer  Tonja Greenfield .... second assistant camera: b camera  Nicholas Groetsch .... video utility   Tim Guffin .... second assistant camera  Chris Haarhoff .... camera operator  Mark Haas .... rigging tie down grip   Adam Harrison .... best boy rigging electric   Ronald Hersey .... director of photography: second unit, aerial director of photography  John C. Hoffler Jr. .... additional second assistant camera   Kevin Hogan .... fixtures technician   Kyle Jenkins .... video utility   Oren Jones .... fixtures   Oren Jones .... lighting technician  Lonnie Kahoe .... dolly/crane grip   Kyle Bono Kaplan .... stills assistant   Justin LeBlanc .... electrician  Kevin Lippincott .... fixtures foreman   Steve Mathis .... gaffer  Kevin Matz .... fixtures technician   Patrick McArdle .... first assistant camera: "a" camera  David Mellow .... first assistant camera: splinter unit  Chris Milani .... best boy  Glenn E. Moran .... rigging gaffer   Robert Morrison .... dolly and crane grip: "b" camera   Tim Nagasawa .... digital imaging technician   Gaylen Nebeker .... qtake operator   Robert S. Nielsen .... lighting technician  Jerone A. Ordon Sr. .... grip  Max Patrucco .... rigging grip   Les Percy .... key rigging grip   Rob Pierson .... grip  Nancy Piraquive .... second assistant camera: splinter unit  Jonathan Plaeger .... Rigging grip   Brian Posslenzny .... electrician  Raman Rao .... gaffer: second unit  Donald Reynolds Jr. .... key grip  Brooks Robinson .... camera operator: "a" camera  Brooks Robinson .... steadicam operator  Donald Roth .... rigging grip   Jan Ruona .... first assistant camera: "b" camera  Dylan Rush .... lighting technician  Jacob Sauerbrey .... fixtures technician   Codie Scott .... grip  Gary W. Shaw .... rigging grip   James Allen Sheppard .... video utility: second unit   Frank R. Sims .... rigging grip forman: New Orleans  (as Frank Sims) Robby Terry .... lighting technician  Remi Tournois .... additional camera operator   John Trapman .... aerial director of photography: second unit   Scott Wetzel .... video assist  Jerry Wheat .... rigging electrician   Alex P. Willson .... additonal grip   Steven J. Winslow .... aerial camera technician: Wescam Camera   Animation Department Victor Barbosa .... animator  Marc Beaujeau .... animator  Liz Bernard .... animator: Digital Domain  Mattias Brunosson .... animator  Juan Couto .... animator  Rex Fang .... animator  Andrew J. Farrell .... animator  Allen Foster .... pre-viz artist   David Humphreys .... animator: Digital Domain  Mariya Kalachova .... animator: Digital Domain  John Kasprzak .... animator  Ryan Leeper .... animator  David Llopis .... character animator: animation segment   Lee McNair .... lead animator   Pericles Michielin .... senior character animator: Digital Domain   Roy Sato .... previz artist   Frankie Stellato .... animator  Jeff Struthers .... animator  Ash Thorp .... animation director   Terry Veer .... animator  Christopher Walsh .... animator  Christopher Walsh .... character animator   Alasdair Willson .... motion designer   Evelyn Yoa .... animator  Casting Department Jennifer Cram .... casting associate  Kate Dowd .... casting: uk  Lauren Evans .... casting  Dylan Jury .... casting assistant  Patty Majorczak-Connolly .... adr voice casting   Lucy Rands .... casting assistant: uk  Dana Salerno .... casting assistant  Dana Salerno .... local casting associate   Mark Sussman .... adr voice casting   Alexis Winter .... extras casting  (as Alexis Allen) Costume and Wardrobe Department Frank Avanzo .... set supervisor   Ashley Beatty .... specialty costumer   Linda Benavente-Notaro .... key specialty costumer   Phillip Boutte Jr. .... concept artist   Dawn Brown .... costume concept artist   Tamara Carlson .... key specialty costume fabricator   Jessica Carpenter .... costumer  Alexandra Casey .... assistant costume designer  Kevin Chen .... costume illustrator   Erica Ciaglia .... cutter/fitter   Samantha Coatsworth .... costume pa  (as Samatha Coatsworth) Sophia Coronado .... specialty costume fabricator   Dawn Dininger .... costumer  Heather Ferrell .... seamstress  Heidi Hafer .... cutter/fitter   Claudia Hardy .... specialty costumer   Eric Harris .... Specialty Costume Helmet construction supervisor/on set helmet supervisor   Emily Heyman .... additional costumer   Aurora Knox .... seamstress  Sarah P. Koeppe .... costumer  Alan Lashbrook .... costume maker   Brittany Lathan .... costume assistant   Dena Matranga .... on-set supervisor   Cass McClure .... foam technician: specialty costumes  Becca Miller .... specialty costumer   Dan Moore .... costume supervisor  Misti Moreaux .... additional costumer   Lauren Nicotera .... costume buyer   Maureen O'Heron .... costume shopper   Rob Phillips .... head ager/dyer   Melissa Reed .... costumer  Erica Rice .... costume production assistant   Adrian Romo .... specialty costume fabricator   Jenn Rose .... specialty costume fabricator   Dorotka Sapinska .... first assistant costume designer   Gloria Shih .... concept artist   Sarah Sky .... seamstress  Maria K.M. Sundeen .... key specialty costumer   Patricia Villalobos .... costumer  Alan Villanueva .... costume concept artist   Brian Wade .... specialty costumes sculptor fabricator   Rachel A. Walker .... assistant ager/dyer   Jen Wasson .... key set costumer   Eddie Yang .... specialty costume designer   Sarah Yellin .... costumer  Jody Schoffner .... costumer (uncredited)  Editorial Department Tony Bacigalupi .... first assistant editor  Jason Beale .... digital image technician: Outpost   Matt Blackshear .... digital intermediate editor  (as Matthew Blackshear) Des Carey .... digital intermediate executive producer   Michael Cioni .... digital intermediate supervisor   Matt Coatsworth .... post-production coordinator   Jeremy Vincent Coman .... post-production assistant   Emily Eddey .... digital intermediate producer   Monique Eissing .... conform editor   Katie Fellion .... digital intermediate producer   Morgan Gjovik .... assistant editor  Nicholas Lareau .... outpost engineer   John Lee .... first assistant editor  Ian McClarren .... post-production assistant   Ryan McKeague .... digital intermediate assist   Keenan Mock .... digital intermediate assist   Justin Powell .... post-production coordinator   Paul Rehder .... digital intermediate assist   Ian Vertovec .... digital intermediate colorist   Daniel André .... digital cinema mastering: IMAX (uncredited)  Fulvio Valsangiacomo .... assistant editor (uncredited)  Location Management Bill Burns .... location manager: second unit  Sean J. Donnelly .... location manager  Jason Waggenspack .... location manager  Music Department John Barrett .... protools scoring engineer   Michael K. Bauer .... music editor: temp score  Jeffrey Biggers .... score mixer   Lori Castro .... technical score engineer   Alex Gibson .... music editor  Gavin Greenaway .... conductor  Isobel Griffiths .... orchestral contractor   Philip Klein .... additional orchestrator   Penka Kouneva .... lead orchestrator   Steve Mair .... musician: double bass   Dorina Markoff-McNulty .... musician   Alain Mayrand .... additional orchestrator   Michael Parlett .... musician   Larry Rench .... orchestrator  Jacob Shea .... composer: additional music  Jill Streater .... uk music librarian   Transportation Department Virgil Bienemy .... driver  Thea Brown .... driver  Jerrin Comeaux .... driver  Bart Figueiredo .... driver  Earl R. Hurst Sr. .... transportation captain  Randy Kinyon .... transportation coordinator  Greg Mitchell .... driver: honeywagon  Nick W. Pastrano .... driver: construction  Len Roberts .... driver  June Wischler .... transportation co-captain   Edward Wrayton .... transportation captain  Christy Zeller .... transportation dispatcher   Other crew Victoria Acosta .... travel coordinator   Will Addison .... additional set production assistant  (as William Addison) Kirk Baily .... adr loop group   Molly Bannan .... base camp production assistant   Blake Bertrand .... adr loop group   Alex Betuel .... key set production assistant   Patrick Brazile .... production assistant  Raymond Bulinski .... craft service  Siham Butakmani .... international marketing & publicity   Alison Cannon .... financial controller   Tom Carson .... production coordinator  Austin Chandra .... adr loop group   Matt Coatsworth .... assistant to executive producer   Cristie Schoen Codd .... head caterer  (as Cristie Schoen) David Cowgill .... adr loop group   Alana Crow .... additional legal services   Lisa Curtis .... assistant production coordinator   Angel De La Vina .... additional set production assistant   Ideene Dehdashti .... additional set production assistant   Joe DiGiovanni .... adr/voice talent   Donna Farmer .... production accountant  Erik Feig .... production executive   Samuel Foster .... production office assistant   Claire Frederiksen .... stand-in: Andrea Powell  Jeff Galpin .... marine coordinator   Elan Garfias .... adr voices   Tyler Gibbs .... stand-in  Tom Goodrich .... studio teacher   David Guilbeau .... craft service: CaftsMaster  (as David 'Cajun' Guilbeau) Gabriel Gator Guilbeau .... craft service  (as Gabriel Guilbeau) Karl Guilbeau .... craft service  Dan Gutierrez .... set production assistant  Noah Harden .... adr actor   Michael J. Harker .... completion bond company representative   Kelvin Harrison Jr. .... photo double: Khylin Rhambo  (as Kelvin Harrison) Paul W. Hazen .... additional legal services   Michael Heintzelman .... Prop PhotographerArchivist: Amalgamated Dynamics   Taylar Hender .... adr loop group   Todd M. Hofacker .... assistant: Ben Kingsley   Bridget Hoffman .... adr loop group   Charles Howes .... studio teacher   Bill Johnson .... prop alien organs   Kaylee Johnson .... set production assistant  Ken Jones .... production assistant  George J. Steiner Jr. .... set production assistant  Tom Just .... manager: Business & Legal Affairs: OddLot Entertainment   Austin Kane .... adr loop group   Darren Kelly .... key set production assistant: additional photography   Stacy Keppler .... executive of creative development: Oddlot Entertainment   Stephen C. Knight .... production secretary  Ernst W. Laurel .... first assistant accountant   Stacy Lauricella .... accounting clerk   Brian C. Lauziere .... additional set production assistant   John Lavis .... set medic  Phyllis LaVoie .... assistant to producer  Carl Lawson .... production secretary  Renee LeBlanc .... utility stand-in   Robin Lee .... systems administrator: Digital Domain 3.0   Donis Leonard Jr. .... adr loop group   Dirk Q. Long .... head caterer   Patty Majorczak-Connolly .... adr loop group   Alex Mandelberg .... adr loop group   Brad Dirk Martin .... key set production assistant   Stephen Meagher .... craft service  Aaron Michiel .... executive vice president: business & legal affairs; OddLot Entertainment   Lauri Mills .... studio teacher   Jason Moloney .... digital artist   Rosemary Monroe .... stand-in: Abigail Breslin  Jack Montague .... stand-in  Joey Monteiro .... SVP International Marketing & Publicity   Joshua Perez-Leduc .... production assistant  Kristin Peterman .... production assistant  Jess Platt .... dialect coach  Michael Provost .... acting double   Michael Provost .... acting double: Asa Butterfield   Brie Puneky .... assistant to cast   Timothy Scott Ralston .... screening operations executive   Bradley Randall .... production assistant  Anne Rapp .... script supervisor  John Rhodes .... development assistant   Brett Roedel .... production assistant  Rufus Rosendo .... second assistant accountant   Blake Roussel .... production secretary  Diego Savoia .... adr actor   Dee Schuka .... post production accountant   John Semedik .... production accountant  Jake Short .... adr loop group   Gunnar Sizemore .... adr actor   Diane Slattery .... unit publicist  Andrea Smith .... global director of motion picture logistics, ALTOUR travelr   James Smith .... vice president of development   Adam M. Stone .... product placement coordinator   Cat Stone .... product placement coordinator   Mark Sussman .... adr loop group   Shane Sweet .... adr loop group   Carmen Tabanyi .... script supervisor: splinter unit  Erik Thirsk .... photo double for Harrsion Ford   Nicole Tiernan .... additional set production assistant   Tomkats .... caterer  Joy Trahan .... craft service  Chanda Venable .... production staff   Milan Walls-Smith .... adr loop group   Kelsey Wheeler .... aerial coordinator/pilot   Tyler Winther .... production assistant  Yvette Zarlenga .... payroll clerk   Regan B. Pederson .... counsel (uncredited)  Justin Wolfe .... production assistant (uncredited)  Thanks Ivar Combrinck .... special thanks   Production CompaniesOddLot EntertainmentSummit Entertainment (presents)Chartoff ProductionsTaleswapperK/O Paper ProductsDigital DomainDistributorsConstantin Film (2013) (Germany) (theatrical)Diamond Films (2014) (Argentina) (theatrical)E1 Films Canada (2013) (Canada) (theatrical)Eagle Pictures (2013) (Italy) (theatrical)Entertainment One Benelux (2014) (Netherlands) (theatrical)Entertainment One (2013) (Spain) (theatrical)Entertainment One (2013) (UK) (theatrical)Feelgood Entertainment (2014) (Greece) (theatrical)Golden Village Pictures (2013) (Singapore) (theatrical)Icon Film Distribution (2013) (Australia) (theatrical)Lionsgate (2013) (USA) (theatrical)Metropolitan Filmexport (2013) (France) (theatrical)NOS Audiovisuais (2013) (Portugal) (theatrical) (as ZON Audiovisuais)Pro Video Film & Distribution Kft. (2013) (Hungary) (theatrical)Summit Entertainment (2013) (USA) (theatrical)Viva International Pictures (2013) (Philippines) (theatrical)Walt Disney Company Nordic (2013) (Norway) (theatrical)Walt Disney Studios Japan (2014) (Japan) (theatrical)Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures Norway (2013) (Norway) (theatrical)Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures (2013) (Finland) (theatrical)Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures (2013) (Sweden) (theatrical)Aurum Producciones (2013) (Spain) (all media)Entertainment One Benelux (2014) (Netherlands) (DVD)Entertainment One Benelux (2014) (Netherlands) (DVD) (Blu-ray)Entertainment One (2014) (UK) (DVD)Entertainment One (2014) (UK) (DVD) (Blu-ray)Film1 (2014) (Netherlands) (TV) (limited)Highlight Film (2014) (Germany) (DVD)Highlight Film (2014) (Germany) (DVD) (Blu-ray)Leeding Media (2013) (China) (all media)Lionsgate Home Entertainment (2014) (USA) (DVD)Lionsgate Home Entertainment (2014) (USA) (DVD) (Blu-ray)Mongkol Major (2013) (Thailand) (all media)Netflix (2015) (Norway) (video) (VOD)Paris Filmes (2013) (Brazil) (all media)Perfect World Pictures (Beijing) (2013) (China) (all media)RTL Entertainment (2016) (Netherlands) (TV) (RTL5)Sierra / Affinity (2013) (Non-USA) (all media)Sun Distribution (2013) (Non-USA) (all media) (Latin America)Sundream Motion Pictures (2014) (Hong Kong) (DVD)Sundream Motion Pictures (2014) (Hong Kong) (DVD) (Blu-ray)Tanweer Films (2011) (India) (all media)Tanweer Films (2013) (Bangladesh) (all media)Tanweer Films (2013) (Bhutan) (all media)Tanweer Films (2013) (India) (all media)Tanweer Films (2013) (Nepal) (all media)Tanweer Films (2013) (Pakistan) (all media)Tanweer Films (2013) (Sri Lanka) (all media)Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment (2014) (Norway) (DVD) (Blu-ray)Special EffectsBehold 3DComen VFX (visual effects)Digital DomainEmbassy, TheGoldtooth CreativeQuantum Creation FX (specialty costumes)XYZ-RGB (3D scanning)post23 (3D animation)Other Companies5th Kind  digital asset managementAbsolut Video  HD video assist equipment byBlue Hawk Aviation  aviation technical advisorChapman/Leonard Studio Equipment  camera carChapman/Leonard Studio Equipment  camera dolliesDanetracks  sound design and editorialDigital Post Services  digital asset servicingDirect Tools & Fasteners  expendablesDolby Laboratories  sound mixEmotiv  neuro device consultingEvent Restroom  restroomsExchange Communications  IT/communications (uncredited)Hertz Entertainment Services  equipment rentalsKodak  motion picture filmLight Iron  digital intermediateLight Iron  mobile dailies provided by OutpostMythology 500 Management  thanksPanavision  camera equipment provided byPictorvision  Eclipse Aerial Camera SystemRoad Rebel  production travelScarlet Letters  titlesScenechronize  production management softwareSilver Screen Rentals  climate control (as Silver Screen Supply)Silver Screen Rentals  location equipment/rentals (as Silver Screen Supply)Stone Management  product placementStudio Solutions Group  Film Rights AcquisitionTomkats Catering  cateringTrevanna Post  post production accountingVarèse Sarabande  soundtrackVisual Icon  exclusive clip and still licensing (uncredited)
 Additional DetailsAlso Known As: See more » MPAA:Rated PG-13 for some violence, sci-fi action and thematic material. Parents Guide:View content advisory for parents Runtime:114 min Country:USALanguage:EnglishColor:Color Aspect Ratio:2.35 : 1 See more »Sound Mix:Dolby Digital  | Datasat  | Dolby Atmos  | Auro 11.1 Certification:Argentina:13  | Australia:M  | Canada:PG (British Columbia) | Denmark:11  | Finland:K-12  | Germany:12  | Hong Kong:IIA  | Hungary:12  | India:UA  | Ireland:12A  | Italy:T  | Japan:G  | Mexico:B  | Netherlands:12  | Norway:11  | Philippines:PG-13  | Portugal:M/12  | Singapore:PG  | South Korea:12  | Sweden:11  | Switzerland:14  | UK:12A (original rating) | UK:12 (video) | USA:PG-13 (certificate #48560)Filming Locations:Michoud Assembly Facility - 13800 Old Gentilly Road, New Orleans, Louisiana, USASee more »Company:OddLot EntertainmentSee more »Did You Know? Trivia:Each of the "stars" in the battle room, objects used for cover against laser fire from the opposing team, weighed 13,000 lbs.See more » Goofs:Factual errors: The launch acceleration is much too high. It appears to be about 6g, which would probably have caused a number of the cadets to black out. The Saturn V that launched the Apollo astronauts reached a very brief peak acceleration of 4g with the 1st stage. The other stages didn't produce more than 2g (stage 2) or 0.75g (stage 3).See more » Quotes:[first lines] Ender Wiggin:Fifty years ago an alien force known as the Formics attacked Earth. Tens of millions died. It was only through the sacrifice of our greatest commander that we avoided total annihilation. We've been preparing for them to come back ever since. The International Fleet decided that the world's smartest children are the planet's best hope. Raised on war games, their decisions are intuitive, decisive, fearless. I am one of those recruits.See more » Movie Connections:Referenced in "Bum Reviews: Ender's Game (#6.7)" (2013)See more » Soundtrack:Peace Sword in B Minor (Open Your Heart)See more »

FAQ
Is the film based on two books?

What was the point of the zero gravity training?

See more »



User Reviews   (Review this title)




110 out of 202 people found the following review useful.

Depends on the viewer, 9 November 2013



Author:
f_all_spammers

from United States



If you haven't read the book they did an excellent job with the special
effects and graphics. Things very much reflect the current American
viewpoint on military behavior and the representative mix of races and
gender at the battle school. If you like the book, the mutation of fundamental points of the story
makes this movie a complete waste of time. It has been warped into
basically an action movie with only a shell of meaning. After loving
the book for so many years I found myself repeatedly saying outloud,
"WTF!".!Spoilers! I have no idea why they moved the entire formic invasion
into the atmosphere instead of leaving it spread throughout the solar
system. I have no idea why Dap got changed into a drill sergeant
instead of being a substitute mother figure. I have no idea why they
wussied out on Bonzo's death scene. I have no idea why Bernard lost his
french accent and his broken arm and became a supporter of Ender. I
have no idea why they allowed Ender to contact Valentine while in
school. I have no idea why they erased the colonization movement after
the war and had Ender find the cocoon in walking distance of the
military base. I have no idea why a key part of general training in the
book, the mind game, became something specifically authorized for Ender
instead of everyone. I don't know why in the giant's drink game they
made all the drinks look the same instead of having the variety
described in the book. At least they didn't have Ender getting
romantic.




Was the above review useful to you?






See more (573 total) »


Related Links
 Full cast and crew Company credits External reviews News articles IMDb Action section IMDb USA section



Edit pageYou may report errors and omissions on this page to the IMDb database managers. They will be examined and if approved will be included in a future update. Clicking the 'Edit page' button  will take you through a step-by-step process.











 





 






IMDb Everywhere











Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!
IMDb Mobile site



Follow IMDb on
            


















Home

Top Rated Movies

Box Office

TV

Coming Soon

Site Index

Search

In Theaters




Contact Us



News


Press Room

Advertising

Jobs




IMDbPro
Box Office Mojo
Withoutabox


Conditions of Use

Privacy Policy

Interest-Based Ads









Copyright © 1990-2017
      

IMDb.com, Inc.



An  company.

    




      Amazon Affiliates
    





Amazon Video
Watch Movies &TV Online






Prime Video
Unlimited Streamingof Movies & TV






Amazon Germany
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon Italy
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon France
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon India
Buy Movie andTV Show DVDs






DPReview
DigitalPhotography






Audible
DownloadAudio Books









 
























ENDER FARRELL M. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      ENDER FARRELL M.
                    

•   PHILADELPHIA, PA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Ender Farrell M. is based out of Philadelphia.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from ENDER FARRELL M., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




ender farrell m.


C/O INDEPENDENCE REALTY TRUST, INC.

PHILADELPHIA
PA
                                                        
                                                    19104









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 03/01/2017
4 filed on 02/27/2017
4 filed on 11/07/2016
4 filed on 02/25/2016
4 filed on 02/12/2016
4 filed on 06/04/2015
4 filed on 02/19/2015
3 filed on 08/06/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















