










 













 




Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 12:24 PM ET

Company Overview of Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview



4265 San Felipe8th FloorHouston, TX 77027-2920United States



Phone: 713-993-4675

Fax: 713-993-4698








Key Executives for Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P.


Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P. -  Management Team, Executives, Board Members - Equilar Atlas 











 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In
















Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P.

View Full Profile


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view profiles of Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P. management team, executives and board members. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY the most recent Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P. executives and board members.
												FOLLOW changes in Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P. executives' and board members' employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P. executives and board members through your network of contacts.
												







Executives (1)

Formers (7)








															Stay current on Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P. executives »
															


 







Andrew B. Linbeck
Co-Principal Executive Officer


View Full Profile









															Stay current on former Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P. executives and board members »
															


 







A. Haag Sherman
															
Former Board Member


View Full Profile









CHRISTOPHER R. ARNOLD
															
Principal Financial Officer


View Full Profile









John A. Blaisdell
															
Principal Executive Officer


View Full Profile









Roy V. Washington
															
Former Chief Compliance Officer


View Full Profile









Jeremy L. Radcliffe
															
Secretary


View Full Profile









ADAM THOMAS
															
Former Secretary


View Full Profile









John E. Price
															
Former Principal Financial Officer


View Full Profile








 



Search

Search for over 80,000 public and private companies, universities and non-profits in the Equilar Atlas real-time database.





/bio



													Example: Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P.
















Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P. Connections





															View the complete list »
														




Endowment Master Fund LP
(1 Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P.  Executive)
														




Endowment Registered Fund L P
(1 Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P.  Executive)
														




Endowment TEI Fund, L.P.
(1 Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P.  Executive)
														




Endowment Institutional Tei Fund W, L.P.
(1 Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P.  Executive)
														








About Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P.





Type
Public




Ticker
XXXXX













			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993














Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P.  Funding details


Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001478268IRS Number: 271402213Trading symbol: Address: 4265 SAN FELIPE 8TH FLOOR HOUSTON 77027Phone number: 713-993-4675Former name: Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P., date of change: 2009-12-08



Latest news
Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P. raised $9,691,351 from 35 investors on 2016-06-02.



Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-06-02Amended Form DIndefinite$8,599,748Indefinite$100,0003506b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]Minimum Investment Amount may be waived.2016-06-02Amended Form DIndefinite$9,691,351Indefinite$100,0003506b[SEC Filing]Minimum Investment Amount may be waived.2014-03-14Amended Form DIndefinite$28,833,642Indefinite$100,00017306b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]Minimum Investment Amount may be waived.2013-03-14Amended Form DIndefinite$42,247,407Indefinite$100,00017306[SEC Filing]Minimum Investment Amount may be waived.2012-03-14Amended Form DIndefinite$49,494,778Indefinite$100,00019906[SEC Filing]Minimum Investment Amount may be waived.2011-03-15Amended Form DIndefinite$35,990,409Indefinite$100,00012006[SEC Filing]Minimum Investment Amount may be waived.2010-02-16New Form DIndefinite$4,100,000Indefinite$100,000606[SEC Filing]Minimum Investment Amount may be waived.
Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P. raised $8,599,748 in total.



Directors and Executives of Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P.
Key People in Endowment Institutional Fund, L.P.:

N/A The Endowment Fund GP, L.P.John BlaisdellAndrew LinbeckA. ShermanRoy WashingtonJohn PriceAdam ThomasPaul BachtoldChristopher ArnoldJeremy Radcliffe
Similar companiesENDOWMENT CAPITAL L P, Endowment ASP Fund, a series of Alternative Strategies Platf, ENDOWMENT DOMESTIC FUND LP, ENDOWMENT DOMESTIC QP FUND LP, ENDOWMENT EXEMPT FUND II LP, ENDOWMENT EXEMPT QP FUND II L P, ENDOWMENT MASTER FUND L P, ENDOWMENT REGISTERED FUND L P, Endowment TEI Fund, L.P., Endowment Institutional TEI Fund W, L.P., Endowment PMF Master Fund, L.P.








Last visited companies: TYHEE GOLD CORP, TalentSky, Inc., Team Leads Management, LLC, VAXum, LLC, loanDepot.com, LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















BSA Commingled Endowment Fund LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























bsa commingled endowment fund lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Institutional Financial Svcs
Sub-Industry: Institutional Brokerage
Bsa Commingled Endowment Fund, LP is headquartered in the United States. The company's line of business includes providing investment information and advice to companies and individuals.




Corporate Information
Address:

1325 W Walnut Hill Ln
Irving, TX 75038
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.scouting.org























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Salient Private Access Fund


















 



    Welcome to the Salient Private Access Fund's Client Service Website.   THE MATERIALS HEREIN ARE INTENDED SOLELY FOR THE PRE-QUALIFIED RECIPIENT OF THE PASSWORD AND NEITHER THE MATERIALS NOR THE PASSWORD MAY BE TRANSMITTED (IN ANY FORM) TO ANY OTHER PERSON WITHOUT THE SALIENT PRIVATE ACCESS FUND'S SPECIFIC WRITTEN CONSENT FOLLOWING PRE-QUALIFICATION. THE INFORMATION ON THIS WEB SITE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY AN INTEREST IN ANY INVESTMENT FUND OR FOR THE PROVISION OF ANY INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT OR ADVISORY SERVICES. ANY SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION MAY ONLY BE MADE BY MEANS OF A CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE OFFERING MEMORANDUM RELATING TO A PARTICULAR FUND OR INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT CONTRACT AND ONLY IN A MANNER CONSISTENT WITH FEDERAL AND APPLICABLE STATE, SECURITIES LAWS. 2016 Tax Statements ATTENTION: 2016 Tax Statements are now available at http://salientprivateaccessfund.com/taxstatements/login.aspx.   However, if you have invested in the Salient Private Access Fund through Merrill Lynch or US Trust, your statement will not be available on this site. Please direct all questions related to your 2016 Tax Statement directly to your Merrill Lynch or US Trust Financial Advisor.   






                            Log In
                        







User ID




(usually your Email Address)




Password









 
                            



















Small Institution Endowment Fund LP- Privcap



















































































































Context for Private Capital Investing













 








Privcap / Fundraising & Performance / “Working the Network” for PE Allocations 





 


September 22, 2014
Interviewed by: Tom Franco
Produced in partnership with: 
			
			
										MVision
 

Video Clip
Login to view full video


“Working the Network” for PE Allocations

It’s unusual for a private school with a small endowment, but the Choate Rosemary Hall School has a two-person office to handle investments. John Burditt is one of them; he discusses the limits to small institutions’ private equity investments, why networking is key, and where he sees opportunity ahead.
 

It’s unusual for a private school with a small endowment, but the Choate Rosemary Hall School has a two-person office to handle investments. John Burditt is one of them; he discusses the limits to small institutions’ private equity investments, why networking is key, and where he sees opportunity ahead.
 “Working the Network” for PE Allocations
With John Burditt of Choate Rosemary Hall 
Tom Franco, CD&R: We’re here with John Burditt, chief investment officer of the Choate Rosemary. Do I have that right?
John Burditt, Choate Rosemary Hall: Choate Rosemary Hall.
Franco: Great. Let’s start at the beginning. How did you get to Choate and in the seat you’re in now?
Burditt: Basically, my career started at Chase Manhattan as a commercial banker. I did that for seven years and moved from there into higher education in the CFO role. I’ve worked for three different institutions over the years and eventually joined Choate in 1997 as the CFO. Fast-forward until about 2005–06, we began discussing a lot. Like at most small institutions, the CFO was handling a million different things and the endowment investing, along with a committee.
We really wanted somebody full-time dedicated to the school’s endowment working for the school, working with the committee. So, I agreed to build that function that we hadn’t had before and we hired a new CFO in my place. Since the beginning of 2007, I’ve been the CIO. I started out by myself and worked several years by myself. Now, we’re three people in the office, another investor person and a support person.
Franco: So, you’ve grown the platform. Tell us how you think about asset allocation. You’re a relatively small endowment. You have limited resources.
Burditt: Yes.
Franco: How do you think about asset allocation? How did you think about jumping into private equity investing?
Burditt: Even though we’re very small, we believe the principles of asset allocation apply to an institution of almost any size. The question becomes whether you can have access to all the diversified asset classes, being small, and whether you have the capabilities of doing that. So, our asset allocation is similar to a very large university, but we thought we had specific capabilities that would allow us to do that effectively.
We decided we would start with fund-to-fund relationships because we wanted to get to know the space first. So, we have very selectively chosen a couple of fund-to-fund relationships in the case of private equity, work with common fund. And they’ve been very helpful in giving us exposure to the asset class while they initially make all the decisions, of course, of how we’re invested.
But I’ve moved along the timeline as we develop more expertise and confidence. Working together with some of our alumni, our trustees, and other people, we begin to feel we wanted to move and start making some direct investments. We’ve made three so far over the last three to four years and we believe that—at least in domestic, private equity—we will continue to focus on the domestic-direct program. In terms of things like international, particularly emerging markets, we don’t feel we have the capability to travel and do those things to support that. So, we would continue using fund-to-funds for that.
Franco: Let’s start with the issue of access. I think this is a Choate issue, but it might be broadly applicable to similarly situated institutions looking at making commitments to private equity.
Burditt: The access has gotten a bit easier in some of the top tier firms than it was before. But even there, we feel it’s a relationship we want to have with a private equity firm. We think they want to have a relationship with really solid investors long-term, people who are like-minded to them. So, we present ourselves that way to the private equity firms we’re interested in working with.
We often have an introduction to those firms, again, through our network. It could be a part of our alum network, part of what I call our “peer-institution” network, but we talk to a lot of other pure institutions, mostly in the higher-education arena. Often, they are willing to help us make the connections with the right people. Because we are very small. We’re going to make an allocation that will be probably below the stated minimum the firm definitely would do.
Franco: So, you work the network?
Burditt: We work the network.
Franco: Tell us a bit about the process that you and your team go through to evaluate the manager. What are the key factors in terms of evaluating?
Burditt: We want people who are firms of very high integrity, people who have a passion for what they do and are what we call less focused on gathering assets to earn a lot of fee income and money. But, they have the commitment to controlling fund size and to generating high returns, which is what we’re interested in, of course. So, another aspect of that is to make sure that whenever we’re looking at a manager, we look a lot at the alignment of interest between how the manager sits in the relationship and the investments and how we sit.
Then, of course, we look for things like the continuity of the team, the track record, the investment process and ownership. Is it owned by one or two people and controlled by that? Is ownership spread to the decision-makers and the stakeholders in the firm? We’d like to see that broadly based in the firm so everyone has an incentive to stay and, again, have that alignment of interest with us as investors.
It’s very hard to do because, again, as a smaller investor, typically we don’t get the face time you might call with the firms mainly invest with, that a very large organization would get. So, we do the best we can and we try to have access and talk to some of the senior people in the organization. Obviously, there are a lot of materials now that every private equity firm provides in writing and their data rooms. We pore over all that information.
When do have that face time, we try to be extremely prepared so that we don’t waste anyone’s time and we’re asking the really important questions.
Franco: What are some factors that might kill a deal for you?
Burditt: Obviously, a network contact coming back and telling us there are some issues—our concern to them and therefore ourselves. Things like fund size can matter. It’s not really the size of the fund that’s important; sometimes it’s more the trajectory of that. So, if last time a firm raised “X” and now they’re raising 3X, it’s the change that concerns us, whether they started out small or so forth.
Fund size can matter. It also has happened sometimes that we go and meet ourselves with a firm where we just can’t get comfortable with the people we’re dealing with. Even though our network may have gotten that comfort, we need to have it ourselves because, down the road, we always want to be able to (if it doesn’t go well) not feel we took shortcuts or didn’t understand why we were committed to making the investment we did.
Franco: How do you work with the investment committee of the board? Any lessons learned or advice to other institutions that are trying to think through their processes?
Burditt: There are quite a few lessons learned. As a small institution it’s probably unusual, but one thing we have adopted is we really felt that continuity in the investment program is essential. It can be very difficult for the small institutions who have trustees coming and going in various terms because our investment program is that we think of it in 10-, 20- or 30-year timeframes; it can be very difficult sometimes to continue with that change in leadership.
So, we felt that one reason for establishing a dedicated investment program at the school, for school employees, was in order to provide that continuity. We could have change at the leadership level, but we would have a track record, a program, policies and procedures. We’ve have something very stable that wouldn’t be dependent on some individual coming onto the committee and having strong opinions about something.
Franco: How was your financial crisis and how has it affected your thinking today?
Burditt: We were actually in a fortunate place. Again, we had a diverse allocation program. We had our policies and our procedures in place. We had the approach that we were setting targets each year, which we did adjust to those targets from time to time, but not very much. We rebalance those targets regularly. So, specifically through 2008 and 2009, we were rebalancing our portfolio every month, which meant we were selling treasuries, in our case, and buying equities all through the down period.
We stuck to our guns and our endowment value did decline a lot, like everybody else’s did. But we kept at it, so when the rebound happened, we bounced back very nicely.
Franco: Let’s turn more forward-looking. As you survey the private equity environment today, what are the opportunities that strike you?
Burditt: There are probably two areas of interest to us going forward. One is we feel with our most recent commitments that we built a very solid core domestic private equity base for what we’re doing. So, going forward in the domestic side, we’d be looking probably for some more niche strategies that might be less crowded or might be smaller scale in terms of what we’ve done so far, to try like everyone else to access places that might be not as competitive.
Then, generally, we haven’t done a lot of international, so emerging markets that sound interesting to us as well as just global international. But we haven’t done much there. As I mentioned before, because of our limited capabilities, most likely we would access international opportunities continued out through fund-to-funds.
We don’t travel the world. We have two people. It’s very difficult to do. Even on their public equity side, our major emerging market exposure is with a fund-of-funds in the emerging market area. Because, again, we don’t want to travel in Asia. We’re not traveling to South America. It’s very difficult for us to find the time to do that and to continue to do everything else we need to be doing.
Franco: People are saying this is a tricky time to be investing. What concerns do you have generally and specifically with respect to the private equity industry?
Burditt: The major concern we all have is that we have spending needs for our operating budgets for our educational institutions and we’re allocating about 4.5% or 5% every year to support our budget. In order to do that, at the same time, we want to be able to provide that support to the budget and we also want to retain enough return every year in the endowment to increase or to maintain its economic value.
So, the question is, how do we do that going forward with the challenges that there seem to be headwinds in almost every asset class, whether it’s fixed income or equities. We’re concerned that over the next five to 10-year period, we may fall short of this objective of generating a sufficient return to cover inflation and supply the spending for our operating budget. Unfortunately, there’s no magic solution we’ve found yet.
Franco: I want to ask you about your biggest challenges and also what you enjoy most about your job. On the challenges side, dealing with the headwinds is part of it. Anything else you’d identify?
Burditt: In terms of the challenges, I think no. The challenge of the job is probably more psychological, in many ways. In other words, you’re doing everything you can to put the right pieces in place and to do well going forward. But in the end, you don’t control it. It’s a very long-term game and effort.
Particularly in a case where you’re building private capital programs and you’re in the process of doing that, I would say it’s probably going to take you a 10-year time frame at least before you know whether the whole program is functioning well.
Franco: Talk about what advice you might give other institutions, perhaps the same size as Choate.
Burditt: We’re quite unusual. We have a $350-million endowment and we’re unusual in that we have a dedicated investment office at our size. Very few other institutions do. In our peer group, the only one that has a dedicated investment office is an institution that has an endowment more than double our size. Nobody else our size has a dedicated office. So, my advice would be to think that through again because, from a fiduciary standpoint, it’s been a tremendous benefit to our board to know that they have some people working from them who are monitoring the managers.
The other aspect of it is that, again, in the endowment foundation world, it’s a very collaborative community, so you can develop very effective networks if you have people with the time to do that. That will strengthen the investment program at all these institutions.
The cost isn’t that great. The total cost for the Choate program is about just over 20 basis points. And if some of the schools would outsource this function to other people are paying 50 basis points to 100 basis points, so it may appear expensive when you’re a small institution and you have a small faculty.
 
Register now to watch this video and access all content.
It's FREE!


Email*

Username*Name*


First



Last

Title*Firm Name*Firm Type*Firm TypeAccounting/Consulting/TaxBank/LenderFamily Office/HNW InvestorInvestment Advisor/Gatekeeper/FoFInvestment BankInstitutional InvestorLegalPE Firm/GP/Investment ManagerPlacement AgentReal Estate DeveloperReal Estate OperatorRecruiting FirmStudent/AcademiaOtherZip Code*Password*


Enter Password



Confirm Password


Choose your newslettersCHOOSE YOUR NEWSLETTERS:

Private Equity


Real Estate
Choose your newsletters*I agree to the Privcap terms of use  and privacy policy

Yes
Already a subscriber? Sign InPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 

















Popular on Privcap






Fundraising & Performance


MVision: Fundraising Constraints in Asia


June 30, 2017
More








Real Estate


Register Now! Game Change: Real Estate 2017


May 10, 2017
More








Fundraising & Performance


Fundraising Roundup Q2 2017


July 27, 2017
More








Healthcare


NEA Banks on a Healthcare Win-Win


May 26, 2017
More








Energy & Real Assets


TPG: Investing in the Energy ‘Bottleneck’


May 8, 2017
More








Energy & Real Assets


New Episodes: PE and Real Estate Podcast—Subscribe Now!


July 5, 2016
More






New Reports: Download Now!






Dealmaker


Dealmaker Roundup: Q2 2017 Report


July 24, 2017
More








Fundraising & Performance


Privcap Launches Japanese-Language Report for LPs


July 11, 2017
More








GP Operations


The IRS Is Targeting Partnerships - Is Yours Next?


June 29, 2017
More








Energy & Real Assets


Inside the Energy Technology Revolution


May 19, 2017
More








Real Estate


The Millennial Impact on Real Estate


April 21, 2017
More











About Us
Contact Us
Privcap Academy
 

Media Partners
 




Privcap Email Updates
Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new talks are published.

Email

Interests

Private Equity


Real Estate


 









 























 

Endowment Institutional Fund Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/61366-endowment-institutional-fund-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=61366  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Endowment Institutional Fund LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Endowment Institutional Fund Lp gets funded!Endowment Institutional Fund LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesTexasHoustonIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors February 9th, 2010$4,100,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Endowment Institutional Fund Lp gets funded?Key peopleJohn BlaisdellExecutive_OfficerAndrew LinbeckExecutive_OfficerJohn PriceExecutive_OfficerA. ShermanExecutive_OfficerAdam ThomasExecutive_OfficerRoy WashingtonExecutive_OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!