 




Enersis Americas S A Company Profile – SWOT Analysis Report : DecisionDatabases.com





































 Email: [email protected]













































Toggle navigation



 






Home


Categories


Blog


About Us


Contact Us



 














  
 












 Home 


Company Profiles 















 


Enersis Americas S A - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report


ID:PD003481
February 2016
Value Market Research





Single User License: $ 125.00        
                                                                        Multi User License: $ 250.00        
                                                                    



Buy Now Download Sample Ask Questions 





Description
Table Of Content




                                        The professional and profound study of Enersis Americas S A provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial details and competitive assessment of the company. On the competitive edge, this report evaluates the strategies adopted by the company. This profile is of significant use to the Management Consultants, Industry Analysts, Market Research Organizations, Investors, Corporate Advisors and other consultants.
 
FEATURES:

Detailed information on Enersis Americas S A required for business and competitor intelligence needs
In-depth study of the factors influencing Enersis Americas S A as SWOT Analysis
Detailed analysis of the business model of Enersis Americas S A comprising of breakdowns and examinations of the key business segments
Track on strategic business developments of Enersis Americas S A
News and Press Releases about Enersis Americas S A, such as business expansion, restructuring, and contract wins
Easy to understand statistical charts & graphs showing key trends and data

 
HIGHLIGHTS:

Enersis Americas S A - Strategy and SWOT Report offers a comprehensive analysis of the corporate growth activities of the organization in order to sustain its competitive advantage. It delivers a detailed strategic analysis of the company's business, examining its performance in the market over a period of time. The data in this report is derived from in-house databases, company websites, company annual reports and several paid sources.
 
The profile covers facts and statistics specifying summary of the Enersis Americas S A, key facts & figures, key employees details, company history, locations and subsidiaries, business description, products & services offered and SWOT analysis of the company. Owing to this information, competitive positioning of the company can be understood.
 
The Enersis Americas S A company profile evaluates the business of the company through SWOT analysis. It offers intense outlook on the strengths of the company which lead to avail potential market opportunities for the business. The report is beneficial to comprehend the weaknesses that will aid to overcome critical issues affecting the business. This will aid to understand the company’s strategies towards business development and superintending market challenges. The profile helps to formulate strategies that augment client’s business by enabling them to understand their partners, customers and competitors better.
 
This company profile offers a detailed insight into the financial position of the firm, while in-depth qualitative analysis will help client understand Enersis Americas S A strategy and growth prospects. The latest financial ratios derived from the annual financial statements published by the company are delivered. In addition, it includes the most recent financials of the company and also compares the historical sales & income figures with the current and projected figures. This profile accentuates on the financial performance, stock data and corporate information.
 
The Enersis Americas S A company profile includes exhaustive study on company’s corporate activities covering the financial deals. It reviews the top deals, mergers and acquisitions, capital raising strategies, partnership and divestment transactions undertaken by Enersis Americas S A. However, these corporate activities delineate the smooth working and financially health of the company.
 
The profile evaluates the substantial developments that have taken place in the company. The profile emphasizes on the growth strategy of Enersis Americas S A in accordance with their multiple business segments. This profile examines recent performances, activities and strategies of Enersis Americas S A, and assesses the same for the possible future directions. The report offers detailed comparative data on the number of deals categorized into deal types and its description. It offers critical news analysis of the company’s operations. Recent developments examine the strategic initiatives adopted by the company to undertake growth in the industry. These business strategic initiatives comprise of partnerships/collaborations/agreements, mergers & acquisitions, new product launches and other developments.
 
The report is a compilation of important statistics and facts that brings out a clear and an unbiased view of the company’s strategical and financial welfare. The representation of this information is eased with tables and figures that are valued source of guidance and direction for clients interested in the Enersis Americas S A company profile.
 
Enersis Americas S A – Strategy and SWOT Report Evaluates:

Corporate and Business Strategies
SWOT Analysis
Financial Filing
Top Deals and Recent Developments

 
REASONS TO PURCHASE: 

Gain understanding of Enersis Americas S A and the factors that influence its strategies
Latest corporate news and strategic initiatives of the company
Assess Enersis Americas S A as a potential collaborator and supplier
Support sales activities by understanding your customer’s businesses better
Stay up to date on the business structure of Enersis Americas S A, its strategy and prospects
Formulate functions such as planning, strategy, marketing, sales and competitive assessment for Enersis Americas S A 

 
* Depending on the availability of the data, Table of Contents may change in the final product
* Report Delivery will be done in 24 - 48 hrs once the purchase is finalized
                                     
                                


























1.  Enersis Americas S A- Overview
1.1.  Enersis Americas S A- Company Summary
1.2.  Enersis Americas S A- Key Facts
1.3.  Enersis Americas S A- Business Description
1.4.  Enersis Americas S A- Key Employees
1.4.1.   Enersis Americas S A- Key Employee Biographies
1.5.  Enersis Americas S A- Major Products And Services
1.6.  Enersis Americas S A- History
1.7.  Enersis Americas S A- Locations And Subsidiaries

2.  Enersis Americas S A- Analysis
2.1.  Enersis Americas S A- Business Summary
2.2.  Enersis Americas S A- Corporate Strategy
2.3.  Enersis Americas S A- SWOT Analysis
2.3.1.  Enersis Americas S A- Strength
2.3.2.   Enersis Americas S A- Weakness
2.3.3.   Enersis Americas S A- Opportunities
2.3.4.   Enersis Americas S A- Threats
2.4.  Enersis Americas S A- Key Competitors

3.  Enersis Americas S A- Investors Relations
3.1.  Enersis Americas S A- Financials And Filing
3.1.1.   Enersis Americas S A- Financial Ratios And Statistics
3.1.1.1.  Enersis Americas S A- Relative Valuations
3.1.1.2.  Enersis Americas S A- Financial Strength
3.1.1.3.  Enersis Americas S A- Profitability
3.1.1.4.  Enersis Americas S A- Effectiveness
3.1.1.5.  Enersis Americas S A- Efficiency
3.2.  Enersis Americas S A- Financial Performance

4.  Enersis Americas S A Corporate Activity- Financial Deals
4.1.  Enersis Americas S A- Financial Deals Overview
4.2.  Enersis Americas S A- Partners
4.3.  Enersis Americas S A- Advisors
4.4.  Enersis Americas S A- Top Deals
4.5.  Enersis Americas S A- Mergers And Acquisitions
4.6.  Enersis Americas S A- Capital Raising

5.  Enersis Americas S A- Recent Developments
5.1.  Enersis Americas S A- Recent Developments Overview
5.1.1.   Enersis Americas S A- Partnerships/Collaboration/Agreements
5.1.2.   Enersis Americas S A- Merger And Acquisitions
5.1.3.   Enersis Americas S A- New Product Launch
5.1.4.   Enersis Americas S A- Other Developments

6. Appendix
6.1. Contact Us
6.2. Methodology

 Enersis Americas S A- List of Table

 Enersis Americas S A- Key Facts
 Enersis Americas S A- Board Of Directors
 Enersis Americas S A- Key Executives Of The Company
 Enersis Americas S A- Major Products And Services
 Enersis Americas S A- Key Competitors
 Enersis Americas S A- Financial Summary
 Enersis Americas S A- Relative Valuations
 Enersis Americas S A- Financial Strength
 Enersis Americas S A- Profitability
 Enersis Americas S A- Effectiveness
 Enersis Americas S A- Efficiency
 Enersis Americas S A- Top Deals
 Enersis Americas S A- Partnerships/Collaboration/Agreements
 Enersis Americas S A- Merger And Acquisitions
 Enersis Americas S A- New Product Launch
 Enersis Americas S A- Other Developments

 Enersis Americas S A- List of Figures

 Enersis Americas S A- SWOT Analysis Of The Company
 Enersis Americas S A- Ratio Charts
 Enersis Americas S A- Performance Chart
 Enersis Americas S A- Capital Raising By Deal Type
 Enersis Americas S A- Recent Developments

* Depending on the availability of the data, Table of Contents may change in the final product
* Report Delivery will be done in 24 - 48 hrs once the purchase is finalized
                                         





Related Categories

                                        Company Profiles                                    
























Get Custom Research at price of Syndicate 


Related Reports
 Honeywell International Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Honeywell International Inc. provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization  read more..

 Caterpillar Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Caterpillar Inc. provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..

 Unilever - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Unilever provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial  read more..

 HCL Technologies - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of HCL Technologies provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..

 Siemens AG - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Siemens AG provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial  read more..

 Boeing Company - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Boeing Company provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial  read more..

 Johnson & Johnson - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Johnson & Johnson provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..

 Intel Corporation - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Intel Corporation provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..

 Facebook Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Facebook Inc. provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial  read more..

 McDonald's Corporation - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of McDonald's Corporation provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..




 













 





Enersis - Wikipedia






















 






Enersis

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article does not cite any sources. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (September 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Enersis S.A.





Type

Sociedad Anónima


Traded as
BCS: ENERSIS
NYSE: ENI
BMAD: XENI


Industry
Utility


Founded
1889


Headquarters
Santiago, Chile



Key people

Jorge Rosenblut, (Chairman)
Luigi Ferraris, (CEO)


Products
Electricity generation and distribution


Revenue
 US$ 12.6 billion (2013)



Net income

 US$ 1.3 billion (2013)



Number of employees

11,301


Parent
Enel


Subsidiaries
Endesa (Chile), Chilectra, Ampla, Codensa, among others


Website
www.enersis.cl


Enersis is one of the main privately owned multinational electric power corporations in South America, with operations in five countries: Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, and Peru. It currently holds direct and indirect participation in electric power generation, transmission, and distribution businesses.
The Enersis Group generating companies had an installed capacity of 14,832 MW, and through the distribution companies they supplied electricity to near 13.7 million customers, or approximately 45 million inhabitants.
The controlling shareholder of Enersis is Enel Energy Europe, which holds 60.62% ownership.
History[edit]
On June 19, 1981, Compañía Chilena de Electricidad S.A. was reorganized into a parent company and three subsidiaries. One of these was Compañía Chilena Metropolitana de Distribucion Electrica S.A. In 1985, under the Chilean government's privatization policy, the process of transferring the share capital of Compañía Chilena Metropolitana de Distribucion Electrica S.A. to the private sector was begun, ending finally on August 10, 1987. In this process, the pension fund management companies (AFPs), company employees, institutional investors, and thousands of small shareholders joined the Company. Its organizational structure was based on activities or operative functions whose results were evaluated functionally and its profitability was limited by a tariff structure as a result of the Company's exclusive dedication to the electricity distribution business.[citation needed]
In 1987, the company's board proposed forming a division for each of the parent company's activities. Four subsidiaries were therefore created to be managed as business units each with its own objectives, thus expanding the company's activities toward other non-regulated activities but linked to the main business. This division was approved by the extraordinary shareholders meeting of November 25, 1987 which defined its new corporate objects. Compañía Chilena Metropolitana de Distribucion Electrica S.A. thus became an investment holding company.[citation needed]
In August 1988, as resolved at the preceding shareholders meeting in April 1988, one of the companies born from the division changed its name to Enersis S.A.[citation needed] Also in 1988, to meet its development and growth needs, the company was split into 5 business units which in turn gave birth to five subsidiaries:

Chilectra and Río Maipo were responsible for electricity.
Manso de Velasco concentrated on electrical engineering and construction services and real-estate management.
Synapsis in the area of information technology and data processing.
Diprel focused on providing procurement and commercialization of electrical product services.

In 2002, company expanded into telecommunications, information technology, and internet trading businesses.[citation needed]
In October 2014, after Endesa was acquired by Enel, Enersis SA became controlled by Enel.
Operations[edit]
Enersis is one of the largest private electricity groups in Latin America in terms of consolidated assets and operating revenue. It is engaged in generation, transmission and distribution.[citation needed]
References[edit]


Chile portal
Energy portal










v
t
e


Enel



Major subsidiaries



Endesa
Slovenské Elektrárne
Enel Russia
RusEnergoSbyt
Enersis
Enel Green Power





Corporate Directors



Maria Patrizia Grieco (Chairman)
Francesco Starace (Chief Executive Officer and General Manager)
Alessandro Banchi
Alberto Bianchi
Paola Girdinio
Alberto Pera
Anna Chiara Svelto
Angelo Taraborrelli








 Commons












v
t
e


 IPSA companies of Chile (as of January 1, 2015)






AES Gener
Águas Andinas
Antarchile
BCI
Banco de Chile
Banco Santander-Chile
Banmédica
CAP
CCU
Cencosud
CMPC
Coca-Cola Embonor
Colbún
Concha y Toro
CSAV..
Embotelladora Andina
Empresas Copec
Enel Generacion
Enel Américas
Engie Chile
Falabella
Forus
Gasco
Grupo Security
IAM
ILC Inversiones
Itaú CorpBanca
LATAM Airlines Group
Parque Arauco
Quiñenco
Ripley
SalfaCorp
Sigdo Koppers
SM-Chile
SM SAAM
Sonda
SQM
Watts












v
t
e


S&P Latin America 40 companies (as of June 30, 2014)






Alfa
AmBev
América Móvil
Bradesco
Banco de Chile
Banco do Brasil
Banco Santander-Chile
Bancolombia
Banorte
BM&F Bovespa
BRF
Buenaventura
CCR
Cemex
CEMIG
Cencosud
Cielo
CSN
CPFL Energia
Credicorp
Ecopetrol
Embraer
Empresas CMPC
Empresas Copec
Endesa
Enersis
FEMSA
Gerdau
Grupo Elektra
Itaú Unibanco
Itaúsa
LATAM Airlines Group
Petrobras
S.A.C.I. Falabella
SQM
Southern Copper
Televisa
Ultrapar
Vale
Wal-Mart de Mexico










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Enersis&oldid=791377329"					
Categories: Power companies of ChileInformation technology companies of ChileEnelCompanies based in SantiagoEnergy companies established in 18891889 establishments in ChileHolding companies established in 1988Non-renewable resource companies established in 19881988 establishments in ChileCompanies listed on the Madrid Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Articles lacking sources from September 2016All articles lacking sourcesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 21:26.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 



























 



 Enersis Chile Announces Spin-off By Enersis Américas Of Enersis Chile 
         










    










 













 











 



















Enersis Chile Announces Spin-off By Enersis Américas Of Enersis Chile
        																																						
              











 News provided by
Enersis Chile S.A.  
Apr 04, 2016, 21:54 ET









 Share this article




























































SANTIAGO, Chile, April 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ENERSIS CHILE S.A. (NYSE:    ENIC) today announced that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") has declared effective the Registration Statement on Form 20-F filed by Enersis Chile (the "Registration Statement") in connection with the spin-off by Enersis Américas S.A. (NYSE:    ENI) of Enersis Chile (the "Spin-off"). Each holder of record of (i) Enersis Américas common stock as of April 14, 2016 (the "Record Date"), will have the right to receive one share of Enersis Chile common stock for each share of Enersis Américas common stock held, and (ii) American Depositary Shares ("ADSs") of Enersis Américas as of the Record Date will have the right to receive one ADS of Enersis Chile for each ADS of Enersis Américas held.  








The Spin-off was approved at an Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting of Enersis Américas held on December 18, 2015. Enersis Américas shareholders will not be required to (i) pay for the shares of Enersis Chile common stock to be received by them in the Spin-Off, (ii) surrender or exchange shares of Enersis Américas common stock in order to receive Enersis Chile common stock, (iii) take any other action in connection with the Spin-Off.  
Enersis Chile and shares of Enersis Chile common stock are being registered with the Chilean Superintendence of Securities and Insurance (Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros, or the "SVS"). The SVS has not approved or disapproved of the securities (including in the form of ADSs).
Persons holding Enersis Américas ADSs in the facilities of The Depositary Trust Company ("DTC") will receive the distribution of Enersis Chile ADSs by book entry only, through the facilities of DTC on or about  April 26, 2016 (the "Distribution Date"). Persons holding Enersis Américas ADSs directly will receive the distribution of Enersis Chile ADSs in the form of certificated American Depositary Receipts ("ADRs"), representing Enersis Chile ADSs on or about the Distribution Date.
The distribution of Enersis Chile common stock and ADSs are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions including, but not limited to, registration of the shares of common stock with the SVS, the receipt of approval to list the shares of common stock on the Santiago Stock Exchange, the Valparaiso Stock Exchange and the Electronic Stock Exchange in Chile, and the other conditions summarized in the Registration Statement.
In the event there are any changes to the Record Date or the Distribution Date, Enersis Américas and Enersis Chile will publish any such changes in a press release that will also be furnished on a Form 6-K. In addition, Enersis Chile will coordinate with Citibank N.A., its depositary, to give at least 10 days' notice of any changes to the Record Date to the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") in accordance with NYSE's requirements.
There is currently no market for Enersis Chile common stock. The NYSE has authorized the listing of Enersis Chile ADRs under the symbol 'ENIC,' subject to official notice of distribution. Concurrent with the commencement of "regular way" trading of the Enersis Chile ADSs on the NYSE under the symbol 'ENIC', the ticker symbol for Enersis Américas' ADSs is expected to change from 'ENI' to 'ENIA' and the symbols for Enersis Américas' 7.40% Notes due December 1, 2016 and 6.60% Notes due December 1, 2016 will change to 'ENIA 16' and 'ENIA 26', respectively.
The Registration Statement filed with the SEC contains information about Enersis Chile and its businesses, details regarding the distribution of Enersis Chile ADSs and other important information. The Registration Statement is available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov (http://www.sec.gov/).
Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the completion of the Spin-Off, timing of "when-issued" and "regular-way" trading and trading on the NYSE, Santiago Stock Exchange, the Electronic Stock Exchange and the Valparaíso Stock Exchange, conditions to the distribution, and statements about the objectives of the Spin-off, Enersis Chile's strategy and other non-historical matters. These statements are based on management's current expectations or beliefs, and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause the actual results to differ materially from those indicated in our forward-looking statements. Such risks include a failure to successfully separate Enersis Chile from Enersis Américas, the satisfaction of conditions of the Spin-off, including the receipt of required approvals (including from the SVS), the ability of Enersis Chile's businesses to continue to grow and develop according to their business development plans, trends in the industries in which Enersis Chile's businesses operate, customer demand, the competitive landscape in which Enersis Chile's businesses operate, changes in regulation applicable to Enersis Chile's business, competition risk, regulatory risk, financial markets risk, operational risks, and other risks and factors, including those set forth under the heading "Risk Factors" in Enersis Chile's Registration Statement. Except as required by law, Enersis Chile undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Contact Information
For further information, please contact us:
Investor Relations Departmente-mail: ir.enersis@enel.comPhone: +56-22353-4682Address: Santa Rosa 76, Santiago,Chile
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/enersis-chile-announces-spin-off-by-enersis-americas-of-enersis-chile-300246062.html
SOURCE  Enersis Chile S.A.



 












May 02, 2016, 17:54 ET
Preview: Enersis Chile Announces the Filing of the 2015 Annual Report on Form 20-F






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Enersis Chile Announces Spin-off By Enersis Américas Of Enersis Chile


 News provided by
Enersis Chile S.A.  
Apr 04, 2016, 21:54 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 



Fitch Affirms Enersis Americas S.A.'s IDRs at 'BBB'; Outlook Stable | Business Wire


























































      Fitch Affirms Enersis Americas S.A.'s IDRs at 'BBB'; Outlook Stable
    





September 28, 2016 05:51 PM Eastern Daylight Time



CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings has affirmed Enersis Americas S.A.'s Long-Term Foreign and 
      Local currency Issuer Default Ratings (IDRs) at 'BBB', and long-term 
      national scale rating at 'AA-(cl)'. The Rating Outlook is Stable. A 
      complete list of rating actions follows at the end of this press release.
    

      KEY RATING DRIVERS
    

      The ratings affirmation follows the company's recent announcement to 
      proceed with a public acquisition of shares ("OPA" by its Spanish 
      acronym) for all shares issued by Endesa Americas S.A. The OPA expires 
      on October 28. This is one of the last steps of the company's 
      reorganization process that started last year and it is expected that 
      the merger will be effective during 2016. The ratings incorporate the 
      assumption that Enersis Americas S.A.'s organizational structure will be 
      simplified by merging the intermediary entities Endesa Americas S.A. and 
      Chilectra Americas S.A. After the transaction has been completed, Endesa 
      Americas' and Chilectra Americas' shares will be exchanged for Enersis 
      Americas' shares.
    

      The operation will be funded with a combination of cash on hand, and 
      incremental debt. Shareholders will have 30 days to exercise their 
      withdrawal rights after Enersis Americas, Endesa Americas and Chilectra 
      Americas approve the merger during their respective extraordinary 
      shareholder meetings. Today, each of the entities approved the merger. 
      Enersis Americas', Endesa Americas' and Chilectra Americas' 
      shareholders' deadline to exercise their withdrawal rights is Oct. 28, 
      2016.
    

      If shareholders exercising the withdrawal rights for Enersis Americas, 
      Endesa Americas and Chilectra Americas exceed 10.0%, 10.0% and 0.91% 
      respectively, the merger will not be formalized and the company may call 
      for another shareholders meeting to submit the merger to a new vote. 
      Fitch believes the future conclusion of the tender offer and merge of 
      Endesa Americas S.A. and Chilectra Americas S.A. into Enersis Americas 
      S.A. is neutral to the company's ratings.
    

      Enersis Americas' investment grade ratings reflect its solid business 
      platform with a strong degree of business and geographic 
      diversification, and solid financial/operational metrics. Enersis 
      Americas operates in four countries in the generation, transmission and 
      distribution businesses, yet is confronted by several economic 
      challenges facing the region, particularly in Brazil (rated 'BB', 
      Outlook Negative) and Argentina (rated 'B', Outlook Stable). The risk of 
      operating in lower rated sovereign environments is somewhat mitigated by 
      the size of the exposure to these higher risk markets; only 30% of the 
      company's 2015 pro forma EBITDA (excluding Chile) relates to 
      non-investment grade countries (Argentina and Brazil) and approximately 
      67% of the dividends paid to Enersis Americas relate to investment grade 
      countries, mainly Colombia.
    

      The Stable Outlook is driven by Enersis Americas' adequate liquidity 
      profile and credit metrics and the expectation that a balanced mix 
      between generation and distributions businesses will be maintained.
    

      Credit risks associated with the company include potential pressures 
      from the shareholder Enel to promote any extraordinary dividends, 
      possible environmental and/or political issues that could result in cost 
      overruns or modifications of projects under construction; although these 
      risks appear manageable. The ratings also consider the company's 
      dependence on dividend payments from its subsidiaries to repay its own 
      debt and incorporate the seasonal and regional cash flow volatility.
    

      STRONG LEVERAGE METRICS:
    

      On a pro forma basis, Enersis Americas maintains a strong capital 
      structure with gross leverage defined as total debt-to-adjusted EBITDA 
      of 1.5x as of December 2015. Adjusted EBITDA for 2015 was USD2.4 
      billion, versus USD3.4 billion in the predecessor company. Results 
      slightly improved during the first half of 2016 (1H16), with EBITDA of 
      approximately USD1.3 billion, which was approximately 12% higher than 
      1H15 pro forma EBITDA (excluding the Chilean operations). Argentina and 
      Brazil represented approximately 35% of the company's EBITDA generation 
      during the 1H16. Improved results for 2016 were supported by better 
      results in the generation segment in the region, coupled with better 
      results in the distribution business for Argentina and Peru which 
      partially offset the deteriorated results related of the Brazilian 
      distribution business. Fitch expects EBITDA for 2016-2019 to be 
      approximately USD2.5 billion-USD3.3 billion and gross leverage measured 
      as total debt/EBITDA to remain below 2.0x.
    

      MODERATE EXPOSURE TO BRAZIL:
    

      Fitch believes that after the spinoff and as a result of the company's 
      decision to spin-off the Chilean assets from the precedent Enersis 
      portfolio, the volatility on the company's cash flow generation has 
      moderately increased. Brazil's economic downturn led to lower 
      electricity demand and higher energy losses affecting the company's 
      distribution results, which was offset by the improved results in Peru 
      and Argentina. As of December 2015, Brazil and Argentina represented 
      approximately 30% of the company's EBITDA; Fitch believes the company's 
      exposure to Argentina and Brazil is mitigated by the company's solid 
      cash flow generation from the remaining investment grade countries, 
      which comfortably covers its hard currency denominated debt service. Per 
      Fitch's criteria, Enersis Americas applicable country ceiling is Peru's 
      of 'A-', and the ratings are not constrained by the country ceiling of 
      Brazil.
    

      MANAGEABLE INVESTMENT PROGRAM:
    

      Fitch expects capex investment for 2016-2019 to amount approximately 
      USD4 billion, with 75% invested in distribution to mainly reduce losses, 
      which would improve the company's results. Fitch also believes the 
      company's investment plan should not require additional significant 
      indebtedness given the company's solid free cash flow generation. During 
      2015, the company invested USD587 million in generation on a pro forma 
      basis (excluding the Chilean operations). The main investments in 
      generation during 2015 were related to the construction of the hydro 
      terminal El Quimbo (400 MW), in Colombia, which started operations on 
      December 2015.
    

      KEY ASSUMPTIONS
    

      Fitch's key assumptions within the rating case for Enersis Americas 
      include:
    

      --Total production of 44,000 - 47,000 GWh on average per year.
    

      Average margins per MWh for generation during 2016-2019 of: USD11 for 
      Argentina, USD40 for Brazil, USD78 for Colombia, and USD37 for Peru;
    

      --Average margins per MWh for distribution during 2016-2019 of: USD22 
      for Argentina, USD55 for Brazil, USD77 for Colombia, and USD37 for Peru;
    

      --An average of USD1 billion of annual capex;
    

      --Dividends 50% of net income.
    

      RATING SENSITIVITIES
    

      Future developments that could, individually or collectively, lead to 
      negative rating actions include:
    

      --A change in Enersis Americas' power generation business' commercial 
      policy that results in an imbalanced long-term contractual position.
    

      --A material and sustained deterioration of credit metrics (reflected in 
      a debt to EBITDA ratio greater than 3.5x and EBITDA to interest coverage 
      below 4x).
    

      --The deterioration of the macroeconomic conditions, and respective 
      sovereign ratings, in the company's key markets.
    

      --A significant increase in Enersis Americas' exposure to non-investment 
      grade countries; a downgrade of Brazil's sovereign rating would not 
      necessarily trigger a downgrade of Enersis Americas' ratings.
    

      Considerations that could lead to a positive rating action (Rating or 
      Outlook) include:
    

      --A material improvement in credit metrics that could be sustained over 
      time.
    

      --A reduction in debt levels and higher earnings retention.
    

      --An improvement in the mix of cash flow generation towards higher 
      credit quality markets would be viewed positively.
    

      Once the company establishes a long-term history of sustained gross debt 
      to adjusted EBITDA ratios under 2.5x level with a balanced geographical 
      and business mix, the company's credit ratings could be upgraded or the 
      Outlook revised to Positive.
    

      LIQUIDITY
    

      The company's liquidity continues to be solid. On a pro forma basis, the 
      company has nearly USD1.7 billion of cash and equivalents as of June 
      2016, and has available committed lines of credit totaling USD211 
      million. This compares favorably with short-term financial debt of 
      USD814 million for the same period.
    

      FULL LIST OF RATING ACTIONS
    

      Fitch has affirmed the following ratings:
    

      Enersis Americas S.A.
    

      --Long-Term Foreign and Local Currency Issuer Default Ratings (IDRs) at 
      'BBB';
    

      --International senior unsecured bond ratings at 'BBB';
    

      --Long-term national scale rating at 'AA-(cl)';
    

      --National senior unsecured bond ratings at 'AA-(cl)';
    

      --Short-term national scale rating at 'N1+';
    

      --National short-term debt rating at 'N1+';
    

      --National Equity Rating at 'Primera Clase Nivel 1 (cl)'.
    

      The Rating Outlook is Stable.
    

      Date of Relevant Rating Committee: Sept. 27, 2016
    

      Additional information is available on www.fitchratings.com.
    

      Applicable Criteria
    

      Criteria for Rating Non-Financial Corporates (pub. 27 Sep 2016)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/885629


      Additional Disclosures
    

      Dodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Form
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=1012346


      Solicitation Status
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=1012346


      Endorsement Policy
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/jsp/creditdesk/PolicyRegulation.faces?context=2&detail=31


      ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND 
      DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING 
      THIS LINK: HTTPS://WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. 
      IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE 
      AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEB SITE AT WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM. 
      PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA, AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS 
      SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS 
      OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE, AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES 
      AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE CODE OF CONDUCT SECTION OF 
      THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE 
      RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR 
      RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY 
      CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH 
      WEBSITE.
    

      Copyright (c) 2016 by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and its 
      subsidiaries. 33 Whitehall Street, NY, NY 10004. Telephone: 
      1-800-753-4824, (212) 908-0500. Fax: (212) 480-4435. Reproduction or 
      retransmission in whole or in part is prohibited except by permission. 
      All rights reserved. In issuing and maintaining its ratings and in 
      making other reports (including forecast information), Fitch relies on 
      factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from 
      other sources Fitch believes to be credible. Fitch conducts a reasonable 
      investigation of the factual information relied upon by it in accordance 
      with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of 
      that information from independent sources, to the extent such sources 
      are available for a given security or in a given jurisdiction. The 
      manner of Fitch's factual investigation and the scope of the third-party 
      verification it obtains will vary depending on the nature of the rated 
      security and its issuer, the requirements and practices in the 
      jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and sold and/or the 
      issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public 
      information, access to the management of the issuer and its advisers, 
      the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit 
      reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals, actuarial reports, 
      engineering reports, legal opinions and other reports provided by third 
      parties, the availability of independent and competent third- party 
      verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the 
      particular jurisdiction of the issuer, and a variety of other factors. 
      Users of Fitch's ratings and reports should understand that neither an 
      enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can 
      ensure that all of the information Fitch relies on in connection with a 
      rating or a report will be accurate and complete. Ultimately, the issuer 
      and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information 
      they provide to Fitch and to the market in offering documents and other 
      reports. In issuing its ratings and its reports, Fitch must rely on the 
      work of experts, including independent auditors with respect to 
      financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax 
      matters. Further, ratings and forecasts of financial and other 
      information are inherently forward-looking and embody assumptions and 
      predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified 
      as facts. As a result, despite any verification of current facts, 
      ratings and forecasts can be affected by future events or conditions 
      that were not anticipated at the time a rating or forecast was issued or 
      affirmed.
    

      The information in this report is provided "as is" without any 
      representation or warranty of any kind, and Fitch does not represent or 
      warrant that the report or any of its contents will meet any of the 
      requirements of a recipient of the report. A Fitch rating is an opinion 
      as to the creditworthiness of a security. This opinion and reports made 
      by Fitch are based on established criteria and methodologies that Fitch 
      is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings and reports 
      are the collective work product of Fitch and no individual, or group of 
      individuals, is solely responsible for a rating or a report. The rating 
      does not address the risk of loss due to risks other than credit risk, 
      unless such risk is specifically mentioned. Fitch is not engaged in the 
      offer or sale of any security. All Fitch reports have shared authorship. 
      Individuals identified in a Fitch report were involved in, but are not 
      solely responsible for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are 
      named for contact purposes only. A report providing a Fitch rating is 
      neither a prospectus nor a substitute for the information assembled, 
      verified and presented to investors by the issuer and its agents in 
      connection with the sale of the securities. Ratings may be changed or 
      withdrawn at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of Fitch. 
      Fitch does not provide investment advice of any sort. Ratings are not a 
      recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any security. Ratings do not 
      comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any security 
      for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of 
      payments made in respect to any security. Fitch receives fees from 
      issuers, insurers, guarantors, other obligors, and underwriters for 
      rating securities. Such fees generally vary from US$1,000 to US$750,000 
      (or the applicable currency equivalent) per issue. In certain cases, 
      Fitch will rate all or a number of issues issued by a particular issuer, 
      or insured or guaranteed by a particular insurer or guarantor, for a 
      single annual fee. Such fees are expected to vary from US$10,000 to 
      US$1,500,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent). The assignment, 
      publication, or dissemination of a rating by Fitch shall not constitute 
      a consent by Fitch to use its name as an expert in connection with any 
      registration statement filed under the United States securities laws, 
      the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 of the United Kingdom, or 
      the securities laws of any particular jurisdiction. Due to the relative 
      efficiency of electronic publishing and distribution, Fitch research may 
      be available to electronic subscribers up to three days earlier than to 
      print subscribers.
    

      For Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and South Korea only: Fitch Australia 
      Pty Ltd holds an Australian financial services license (AFS license no. 
      337123) which authorizes it to provide credit ratings to wholesale 
      clients only. Credit ratings information published by Fitch is not 
      intended to be used by persons who are retail clients within the meaning 
      of the Corporations Act 2001.
    


Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystCinthya OrtegaDirector+1-312-606-2373orSecondary 
      AnalystFrancisco MercadalAssociate Director+562 2499 
      3340orCommittee ChairpersonDaniel R. Kastholm, CFAManaging 
      Director+1-312-368-2070orMedia RelationsElizabeth 
      Fogerty, +1 212-908-0526elizabeth.fogerty@fitchratings.com















Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystCinthya OrtegaDirector+1-312-606-2373orSecondary 
      AnalystFrancisco MercadalAssociate Director+562 2499 
      3340orCommittee ChairpersonDaniel R. Kastholm, CFAManaging 
      Director+1-312-368-2070orMedia RelationsElizabeth 
      Fogerty, +1 212-908-0526elizabeth.fogerty@fitchratings.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












 
































Enersis Americas S.A., Portugal | Buyer Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Enersis Americas S.A.
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Buyer company  Portugal






        See Enersis Americas S.A.'s products and suppliers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Request a Demo

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data



Cleaned and organized South American shipments
4 South American shipments available for Enersis Americas S.A.




Date
Data Source
Supplier
Details


2016-04-21
See all 4 south american shipments for Enersis Americas S.A. with Panjiva's South America data add-on.Request a DemoorSign Up 

2016-04-21


2016-04-21
Chile Imports
ENERSIS AMERICAS S.A.
CABLE ELECTRICO, SOLIDAL-F, ABC3X50-50, PARA USO EN FAENAS INDUSTRIALE, S, CABLES, SOLIDAL-F, AAAC240MM2, 61X2.24 ASTM, PARA USO EN INST, ALACIONES ELECTRICAS



Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more. Learn more



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 0 suppliers of Enersis Americas S.A.
 Learn more about network view 











Contact information for Enersis Americas S.A.


 

Address
Portugal

 


 




           


    


Sample Bill of Lading
4 shipment records available



Receipt Date
2016-04-21


Consignee
Enersis Americas S.A.


Consignee (Original Format)
ENERSIS AMERICAS S.A.


Consignee RUT ID
94271000


Consignee RUT ID Verification Number
3


Carrier
MEDITERRANEAN SHIPPI


Shipment Origin
Portugal


Port of Unlading
San Antonio (CL)


Country of Sale
Portugal


Transport Method
Maritime


Transport Document Date
2016-01-23


Transport Document Number
MSCULJ079650(H)OPO0005231


Gross Weight (kg)
4929600


Value of Goods, FOB (USD)
15430124


Value of Goods, CIF (USD)
16020918


Freight Value
556933


Insurance Value
33861


Items Quantity
4


Packages Quantity
2


Cargo Type Code
GENERAL: Corresponds to individual goods of the general cargo, capable of being standardized in handling, storage and transport (Containers, sacks, boxes, pallets, drums, drums, rolls, tied, sling, etc.)


Charges Payment Form Code
4


Currency Code
United States  Dollar


Customs Code
39


Free Trade Zone Code
23


Identification Number
8798784


Import Record
91


Import Report Number
999


Moved Value (USD)
$3,044,955


Operation Type
IMPORT PAYMENT COUNT NORMAL, IMPORT. CTDO / NORMA


Payment Form Code
1


Purchase Code
2


VAT Value
3043975


Warehouse Receipt Date
2016-03-08


Warehouse Code
A36


Ad Valorem Code
223


Manifest Date
2016-03-07


Manifest Number
135334


Other Tax  Code
300


Other Tax Value
980


Package Quantity
2


Item Bill of Lading Aladi
85446090


HS Code
85446090


Goods Shipped
CABLES ELECTRICOS


Value of Goods, Item FOB (USD)
63009.39


Value of Goods, Item CIF (USD)
65421.91


Item Ad Valorem Estimate Code
223


Item Other Tax 1 Percentage
190000.0


Item Unit Price Value
371.67


Item Commercial Agreement Number
800


Item Other Tax 1 Value
12430.16


Item Unit Quantity
1760200.0


Value of Goods, Item FOB Unit (USD)
35796.72


Item Insurance Value
138.27


Item Observation 1 Code
99


Item Other Tax 1 Estimate Code
178


Item Unit Code
6


Item Freight Value
2274.25


Item Number
1


Item Observation 1 Description
00000012.623000 KILOMETROS


Item Other Tax 1 Estimate Value
+










Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Request a Demo











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
+1-888-902-3511
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 










    Enersis Americas S.A. - Energy Business Review























Jump to page content
Accessibility






Log in or
          Register for enhanced features |
          Forgotten Password?





White Papers | 
			Suppliers | 
			Events | 
			Report Store | 
			Companies |
			Dining Club |
			Videos






Oil & Gas

Drilling & Production
Exploration & Development
Refining & Petrochemicals
Transportation & Storage

Power Generation

Biofuels & Biomass
Fossil Fuel
Geothermal
Hydro
Nuclear
Solar
Wind

Power Distribution

Utilities Network
Utilities Retail

Mining & Commodities

Carbon
Coal
Minerals & Materials
Nuclear Fuels

Clean Technology
Digital Transformation

Intelligent Edge
Enable Digital
Optimise Core







Energy Business Review
All Energy Business Review 























Return to:  EBR Home  |  Companies






 Enersis Americas S.A.








Company


Key Employees


Locations/Subsidiaries


Products/Services


News








Enersis Americas S.A.
                      Santa Rosa No. 76 PISO 16
                      Casilla 1557, Metropolitana
                      Santiago
                      Chile


                    Phone: 56 2 23534400
                    Fax: 56-22-3784790

                    www.enersis.cl
                    

                      No. employees: 10,324
                    Turnover: 7,949.78 (US$m)
                    Financial year end: December

                



Company Overview

Top Competitors



Pacific Hydro Pty Ltd



Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras S.A.



AES Gener S.A.



Colbun S.A.



Engie S.A.



Iberdrola, S.A.







Key Employees
Borja Acha Besga
                      Chairman, Executive Board
                      Alberto De Paoli
                      Director, Non Executive Board
                      Hernan Somerville Senn
                      Director, Non Executive Board
                      Francesca Di Carlo
                      Director, Non Executive Board
                      Rafael Fernandez Morande
                      Director, Non Executive Board
                      Herman Chadwick Pinera
                      Director, Non Executive Board
                      Francesco Starace
                      Vice Chairman, Non Executive Board
                      Alain Rosolino
                      Internal Audit Officer, Senior Management
                      Paola Visintini Vaccarezza
                      Human Resources and Organization Officer, Senior Management
                      Domingo Valdes Prieto
                      General Counsel, Senior Management
                      Antonio Barreda Toledo
                      Procurement Officer, Senior Management
                      Daniel Fernandez K.
                      Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Senior Management
                      Luca D’Agnese
                      Chief Executive Officer, Senior Management
                      Jose Miranda Montecinos
                      Communications Officer, Senior Management
                      Francisco Javier Galan
                      Administration, Finance and Control Officer, Senior Management
                      Francesco Giogianni
                      Institutional Relations Manager, Senior Management
                      Marco Fadda
                      Planning and Control Officer, Senior Management
                      Jorge Rosenblut
                      President, Senior Management
              


Locations/Subsidiaries

              Santa Rosa No. 76 PISO 16,
              Casilla 1557, Metropolitana,
              Santiago,
              Santiago,
              Chile
              Phone: 56 2 23534400
              Fax: 56 2 23784790
Empresa Distribuidora Sur S.A.
              San Jose 140,
              Piso 3,
              Buenos Aires,
              Provincia de Buenos Aires,
              Argentina
              Phone: 54 11 43703700
Endesa Cachoeira
              Bahamas
Central Geradora Termeletrica Fortaleza S/A
              Brazil
Companhia Energetica do Ceara SA
              Rua Padre Valdevino,
              no. 150,
              Fortaleza,
              Ceara,
              Brazil
              Phone: 55 85 34534082
              Fax: 55 85 34534947
Endesa Cien
              Brazil
Endesa Fortaleza
              Brazil
Enel Green Power Desenvolvimiento Ltda
              Brazil
Investluz S.A.
              Brazil
Synapsis Brasil Limitada
              Avda. das Américas 3434, Bloco 2,,
              Sala 403, Barra da Tijuca,
              Río Janeiro,
              Brazil
              Phone: 55 21 34313850
Chilectra S.A.
              Piso 8, Santa Rosa N 76,
              Santiago,
              Santiago,
              Chile
              Phone: 56 2 26752000
              Fax: 56 2 26752999
Enel Generacion Chile SA
              Santa Rosa 76,
              Santiago,
              Santiago,
              Chile
              Phone: 56 2 23534639
Inmobiliaria Manso de Velasco Ltda.
              Chile
Transmisora Electrica de Quillota Ltda.
              Chile
Sociedad Portuaria Central Cartagena S.A.
              Carrera 13 A Nº 93-.66, piso 2,
              Bogota, D.C.,
              Colombia
Parque Eólico Penha da Gardunha, Lda.
              Portugal


Products/Services

Products:
Electricity


Services:
Servcies:
Transmission of Electricity
Distribution of Electricity
Engineering Services 
Real Estate Development
Information Technology Services






Companies Directory














 Intelligence



Latest White Papers












SPREX® & SPREX®CO2: Bulk Acid Gas Removal from Highly Sour Gas
          
            Published by PROSERNAT
            
White Papers













SIStop™ Waterstop Seals
          
            Published by Subsea Innovation 
            
Oil & Gas > Exploration & Development > White Papers













Advanced Process Solutions for Oil and Gas Treatment
          
            Published by PROSERNAT
            
White Papers













Emergency Pull-off Connectors
          
            Published by Subsea Innovation 
            
Oil & Gas > Exploration & Development > White Papers









 






Suppliers Directory




                             Spotlight Suppliers                        
                        
By Sector
A-Z








Bea Technologies SpA - Filtration Technology 
                            For over thirty years BEA has been manufacturing and commercialising a wide range of highly innovative technical products for the filtration of liquids and compressed gases.    
                            
Suppliers







HSP & Trench Bushing Group - Premium High Voltage Bushings 
                            HSP & Trench Bushing Group is your partner of choice when looking for premium high voltage bushings. The Group develops and produces quality tailor-made products and services such as bushings for  transformer, switchgear, generator, HVDC and SF6-applications up to the highest service voltage. Furthermore, they offer service, maintenance and customer training expertise for HSP & Trench equipment as well as for bushing from other manufacturers.
                            
Suppliers







Alphatec Engineering - Industrial Machinery Regrouting Services
                            The Alphatec Group was established in 1977 and our main business has been contracting; regrouting industrial machinery for which cement-based grouts have failed, and replacing them with permanent polymer grouts, properly designed to perform as the interface between machine and foundation. We also repair machinery foundations, restoring the concrete integrity and its ability to damp out vibrations and formulate and manufacture quality polymer products for use by other professionals.
                            
Oil & Gas > Exploration & Development > Suppliers







BHDT – Best High Pressure & Drilling Technology 
 BHDT´s core business features design, calculation, production and testing of high pressure components, which all adhere to international standards and specifications. In accordance with ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ASME BPVC and API Q1, the company´s quality and environmental management systems are documented in detailed manuals, and certified by various Third Parties. 
                            
Oil & Gas > Drilling & Production > Suppliers




 

Oil & Gas
Drilling & Production
                       
                      
Exploration & Development
                       
                      
Refining & Petrochemicals
                       
                      
Transportation & Storage
                       
                      

Power Generation
Biofuels & Biomass
                       
                      
Fossil Fuel
                       
                      
Geothermal
                       
                      
Hydro
                       
                      
Nuclear
                       
                      
Solar
                       
                      
Wind
                       
                      

Power Distribution
Utilities Network
                       
                      
Utilities Retail
                       
                      

Mining & Commodities
Carbon
                       
                      
Coal
                       
                      
Minerals & Materials
                       
                      
Nuclear Fuels
                       
                      
 

#
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
 
 












































About us
Accessibility
Advertise with us
Contact us


Help
Privacy
RSS feeds
Site map
Dining Club


Browse By Sector
Browse By Network
Business Review Sites


Mining & Commodities
Oil & Gas
Power Generation
Power Distribution


Biofuels & Biomass
Carbon
Coal
Drilling & Production
Exploration & Development


Fossil Fuel
Geothermal
Hydro
Minerals & Materials
Nuclear


Nuclear Fuels
Refining & Petrochemicals
Solar
Transportation & Storage
Utilities Network


Utilities Retail
Wind


Auto
Banking
Clean Technology
Drinks
Energy


Food
Insurance
Logistics
Medical Devices
Packaging


Pharmaceutical
Retail
Technology
Webinars








    © EBR 2017. Part of Progressive Trade Media Ltd.
  































Enersis Americas S.a, an importer from Chile | Import Genius
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French










			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 





Enersis Americas S.a

Enersis Americas Sa is an importer in Chile that imports products from United States. Transportation Type Aereo.        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Enersis Americas S.a and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database


 COMERCIAL SU HOGAR LTDA                            

 ACOMIN LTDA                            

 COMERCIAL ENELCA S.A.                            

 INVERSIONES ANA LTDA.                            

 COM.ROBERTO GOTTLIEB Y CIA.LTD                            
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Enersis Americas S.a
Enersis Americas Sa is an importer in Chile that imports products from United States. Transportation Type Aereo.


            Bill of Lading        





Consignee



Enersis Americas Sa



Acquisition
Destination



Miami


Chile



Product Description





                                        LIBROS                                    

                                        LIBROS                                    





Other Information Available




Gross Weight (KG), Brand, HS Code Description, Package Type








Arrival Date2016-05-19Transportation TypeAereoHS Code49011010CustomsMETROPOLITANAQuantity / Unit50.12/KILOS NETOS 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Enersis Americas S.a Join Now








How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Receive free shipment alerts by email whenever Enersis Americas S.a clears a shipment through customs.                        

Processing, please wait ...







Submit












Contact Enersis Americas S.a










 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 




Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.









Enersis Americas S.a
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 22,656,479 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In






















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields





Schedule Live Demo







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 






Ready for a live demo?
Fill out this form and we'll contact you right away to set up a live demo of Import Genius.


Schedule Live Demo



Processing, please wait ...





Name

Tell us your Full Name


Email

Enter a valid email address


Phone

Enter valid phone number


Preferred Date

Let us know your preferred date


Preferred Time (In Your Country)

01:00 am
01:30 am
02:00 am
02:30 am
03:00 am
03:30 am
04:00 am
04:30 am
05:00 am
05:30 am
06:00 am
06:30 am
07:00 am
07:30 am
08:00 am
08:30 am
09:00 am
09:30 am
10:00 am
10:30 am
11:00 am
11:30 am
12:00 am
12:30 am
01:00 pm
01:30 pm
02:00 pm
02:30 pm
03:00 pm
03:30 pm
04:00 pm
04:30 pm
05:00 pm
05:30 pm
06:00 pm
06:30 pm
07:00 pm
07:30 pm
08:00 pm
08:30 pm
09:00 pm
09:30 pm
10:00 pm
10:30 pm
11:00 pm
11:30 pm
12:00 pm

Let us know your preferred time


Country

Required


Timezone

Required


What data are you interested in?

Let us know what you are most interested to learn



Submit



 















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Ppg Industries Chile S.a.                                



                                    Milagros Janet Arredondo Meza                                



                                    Comercializadora Interandina S                                



                                    Dentools Spa                                



                                    De Rossetti Ltda                                











                     
                                            22,656,479  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3943
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















Enersis Americas SA ENIA Profile-Financials-Revenues-Growth-Market-Description                         Please wait while the search results are loading...     Plunkett Research,® Ltd.Our Market Research = Your Smart Decisions  What are you looking for?    Information Marketing & Research PROS   Information for Students & Professors   Subscribers Log In     Home >  Industries  >  Green Technology  > Enersis Americas SA   Plunkett Research Online: Enersis Americas SA    ENERSIS AMERICAS SA (ENIA:NYS) Company Profile, Corporate Revenues, Growth, Market Size, Analysis, Business Forecasts, Market Share, Metrics, SWOTEnersis Americas SA (formerly Enersis SA) is an electric utility company mainly engaged, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, in the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity in Chile, Argentina, Brazil, Colombia and Peru.  The firm and its subsidiaries have an installed capacity ..... Enersis Americas SA  Ticker: ENIAExchange: NYSParent Company: Year Established: Employees: Fiscal Year Ends in  Phone: 56 23534400Fax: 56 23784788Address: Santa Rosa 76Santiago,  1557 Chile MapTypes Of Business Industry Ranks  Total RevenueMarket CapEmployee CountNet IncomeRevenue 3Y GrowthIncome 3Y GrowthReturn on Assets (%)Return on Equity (%)Return on Invested Capital (%) Industry NAICS code:  Hydroelectric Power Generation Refreshing... Contacts Excel TextDescription Luca D’AgneseCEOJavier GalánCFO See More Enersis Americas SA (formerly Enersis SA) is an electric utility company mainly engaged, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, in the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity in Chile, Argentina, Brazil, Colombia and Peru. The firm and its subsidiaries have an installed capacity .....See More See More Auditor: Ernst & Young Limitada Legal Advisor:    Financial Details  Compare to Industry Averages  Build Custom Table  Compare Companies $USD, In whole numbers,  except marked * or %201620152014201320122011Financials    Revenue    Cost of Revenue    Gross  Margin %    R&D Expense    Operating  Income    Operating  Margin %    SGA Expense    Net  Income    Earnings Per Share    Dividends    Book Value Per Share    Operating  Cash  Flow    Capital  Expenditure    Free  Cash  FlowProfitability    EBITDA    Return on Assets %    Return on Equity %    Net  Margin %    Assets  Turnover    Financial  LeverageBrands, Divisions and AffiliatesTop Salaries Emgesa SAEdegel SAAEmpresa de Electricidad SAEmpresa Distribuidora Su SAEnel Brasil SAEnel SpAEnersis SAEnersis Chile SA Other ThoughtsCorporate CultureApparent Female Officers or Directors:     Javascript is disabled.    Request Free Trial Subscriptions Plans & Pricing500 Industries Analyzed for Market Size, Profits and Forecasts25,000 Companies Profiled, Ranked100,000 Industry Statistics150,000 Industry Executives Profiled1,000,000 Words of Trends Analysis Printed Almanacs and Ebooks Custom Research ProjectsA REPRESENTATIVE LIST OF ORGANIZATIONS THAT HAVE USED OUR RESEARCH PRODUCTS:         Take a TourHow to Use Plunkett Research Online-8 MinutesPlunkett Online AccessPlunkett Research BooksContactPhone: 713.932.0000Alternate Phone: 713.961.3282Fax: 713.932.7080E-Mail UsAsk a Product QuestionMedia Interviews, Get a SpeakerCustom ResearchInternational Distributors ListNews & RSSTestimonials  Your tool is very comprehensive and immensely useful. The vertical marketing tool is very helpful, for it assists us in that venue, as well as targeting customers’ competition for new sales…The comprehensive material is absolutely fabulous. I am very impressed, I have to say! Tammy Dalton, National Account Manager, MCI, Tammy Dalton  We are especially trying to push Plunkett since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use.  St. John’s College, Library Services  I’m amazed at how much information is available and the various ways to access it. This will be a major resource for our serious job seekers.  Penn State University, Career Services  I really appreciate the depth you were able to get to so quickly (for our project). The team has looked through the material and are very happy with the data you pulled together.  Marketing Manager, Hilton Worldwide  Plunkett Research Online is an excellent resource…the database contains a wealth of useful data on sectors and companies, which is easy to search and well presented.   Help and advice on how to conduct, export and save searches is available at all stages. Penny Crossland, Editor, VIP Magazine  The more I get into the database, the happier I am that we’ll have it–REALLY happy!!!  Between the quality and affordability of your product, its appeal to and value for our users, and the inestimably ethical and loyalty-guaranteeing conduct of your business, I will always have more than sufficient praises to sing for Plunkett Research. Michael Oppenheim, Collections & Reference Services, UCLA  Plunkett Research Online provides a great ‘one stop shop’ for us to quickly come up to speed on major industries. It provides us with an overall analysis of the market, key statistics, and overviews of the major players in the industry in an online service that is fast, easy to navigate, and reliable. Wendy Stotts, Manager, Carlson Companies-Information Center  We are especially trying to push Plunkett’s since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use. Gary White, Business Materials Selector, Penn State University     Sign up for Free Research Reports   Subscribe                                 
