


Energytek corporation





















HOME / 中文版  / FACEBOOK


About Us
Products
News
Download
Contact












 
PRODUCT

Industrial Furnaces & Kilns
Combustion Control System

Burner
Pressure Regulator
Proportional Control Valve
FLow Control Valve
Emergency Shut-off Valve
Motor Drives
Flame sensor
 Flame Switch
Ignition
Temperature Control Devices
Furnace Pressure Control Devices
Flowmeter
Oil Pump / Heater
Blower
Heat Exchanger

RTO, VOC Organic Waste Gas Treatment Equipment
Italy-- Scame continuous atmosphere furnaces
Williamson, Heitronics Infrared Pyrometer
Korea--Olympia Gun-Type Burner
Turkey-- Ecostar Gun-Type Burner
Japan-- Daiichi Nekken Oxygen Analyzer
MoSi2 Heating Element
Activated Carbon Fiber Felt & Cloth
Alumina & Refractory
Technical information
Brand / Manufacturer





Combustion Control SystemHOME > Product > Combustion Control System
 
Combustion Control Equipment
The main origin of Energytek products sold : United States, Germany, Switzerland, England, Italy, Japan, India and Taiwan

Combustion control systems engineering is composed of many parts and appliances, equipment, use and control of fuel need to have security and stability control functions. There are strict requirements on the design and conditions of use, and in addition must comply with the burning of the relevant safety regulations in the purchase and installation configuration should pay special attention to all kinds of instructions and warning statements.。
Combustion safety regulations, the most commonly seen in the international arena: UL, IRI, FM, CSA, AGA, CE, several are specific norms for the structural requirements of the equipment and piping configuration.

For each label catalog downloads, please contact us as soon as possible



Aichi Tokei
American Meter
ASCO
Auburn
Autolite


Controlli
Daiichi Nekken
Dresser Roots
Dwyer
Eclipse


Energytek
Eurotron
Fischer
Fisher
Halstrup


Hauck
Heitronics
Honeywell
Hope
Htech


Infrared Solution
ITT
Jeavons
Joventa
Katsura


Krom Schroder
Land
LECIP
Manostar
Maxitrol


Maxon
MLM
Naniwa
Narita
Nenutec


Nissyo
NOP
North American
Ohkura
Oval


Paul Gothe
Pyronics
Rotronic
Sanyo
Selas


Stordy
TAIE
Tempil
UECI
Wesman


Brahma
Olympia
Siemens
Vulcan






Burner



Pressure Regulator



Proportional Control Valve



FLow Control Valve



Emergency Shut-off Valve



Motor Drives



Flame sensor



 Flame Switch



Ignition



Temperature Control Devices



Furnace Pressure Control Devices



Flowmeter



Oil Pump / Heater



Blower



Heat Exchanger







Copyright © 2015  Energytek Corporation  All Right Reserved. 　ADD：No.62, Minchuan Street, Bade ,Taoyuan 33447, Taiwan 
TEL：+886-3-368-3444,   FAX：+886-3-368-2444,   Email：service@energytek.com.tw,  Skype：energytek-corporation.
DESIGNED BLC








Energytek corporation





















HOME / 中文版  / FACEBOOK


About Us
Products
News
Download
Contact












 
PRODUCT

Industrial Furnaces & Kilns
Combustion Control System
RTO, VOC Organic Waste Gas Treatment Equipment
Italy-- Scame continuous atmosphere furnaces
Williamson, Heitronics Infrared Pyrometer
Korea--Olympia Gun-Type Burner
Turkey-- Ecostar Gun-Type Burner
Japan-- Daiichi Nekken Oxygen Analyzer
MoSi2 Heating Element
Activated Carbon Fiber Felt & Cloth
Alumina & Refractory
Technical information
Brand / Manufacturer





PRODUCTHOME > Product




Industrial Furnaces & Kilns



Combustion Control System



RTO, VOC Organic Waste Gas Treatment Equipment



Italy-- Scame continuous atmosphere furnaces



Williamson, Heitronics Infrared Pyrometer



Korea--Olympia Gun-Type Burner



Turkey-- Ecostar Gun-Type Burner



Japan-- Daiichi Nekken Oxygen Analyzer



MoSi2 Heating Element



Activated Carbon Fiber Felt & Cloth



Alumina & Refractory



Technical information



Brand / Manufacturer







Copyright © 2015  Energytek Corporation  All Right Reserved. 　ADD：No.62, Minchuan Street, Bade ,Taoyuan 33447, Taiwan 
TEL：+886-3-368-3444,   FAX：+886-3-368-2444,   Email：service@energytek.com.tw,  Skype：energytek-corporation.
DESIGNED BLC








Energytek corporation

























HOME / 中文版  / FACEBOOK


About Us
Products
News
Download
Contact










Energytek company is engaged on burning, heating, drying, incineration, refrigeration and other industrial kilns and related equipment and combustion safety control system planning....




India RHI-Orient Ref ...
2017-05-24



Welcome! Our new web ...
2011-07-05







MoSi2 Heating Element MoSi2 Heating Element...


Products Search : 







Copyright © 2015  Energytek Corporation  All Right Reserved. 　ADD：No.62, Minchuan Street, Bade ,Taoyuan 33447, Taiwan 
TEL：+886-3-368-3444,   FAX：+886-3-368-2444,   Email：service@energytek.com.tw,  Skype：energytek-corporation.
DESIGNED BLC






  ENTK Stock Quote - TimefireVR Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  TimefireVR Inc   ENTK:US      Ticker Change   ENTK:US has changed to a new ticker symbol   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Information Technology   % Price Change -0.08%     Industry Software & Services   % Price Change +0.19%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   EnergyTek Corporation is a business development and investment holding company.  The Company acquires established profitable companies in niche or under-served markets and provides management expertise, contacts, and access to capital to help them achieve their next level of expansion and growth.    Address  7600 East Redfield RoadSuite 100, Building AScottsdale, AZ 85260United States   Phone  1-800-979-1897   Website   www.timefirevr.com     Executives Board Members    Jeffrey I Rassas  CEO/Co-Founder    John M Wise  President/Founder    Jessica L Smith  Chief Financial Officer    Mina Johnson-Glenberg  Chief Pedagogical Officer     Show More         

Multiple Hearth Furnace























Energytek Corporation

Home > Products >

Machinery, Mold & Fastener Machinery Industrial Furnaces






  Multiple Hearth Furnace 
Product ID: 09



  
 
 Click here for details.





Specifications: 

Application: Sintering and roasting of mineral or metal raw material, sludge, powder, high water content powder with low viscosity.
Advantage: Continuous production and better thermal efficiency.
Operation temperature: 300 ~ 1,100°C.
Atmosphere: Oxidation or reducing.
Main material: Inconel 600 / 601, SUS310S, 309, 316, 304, refractory.
Fuel: Natural gas, LPG, light oil, heavy oil.
Production rate: 200kg/h ~ 5,000kg/h.
Heating time: 0.5 ~ 3.0 hour.




Main Products:
   
   Industrial Furnaces & Kiln, Vacuum Furnaces, Atmosphere Furnaces, Metal Heat Treatment Furnaces, High Temperature Ceramic Firing Kilns, High Temperature Tunnel Kilns, Rotary Kilns / Dryers, Regenerative Thermal Oxidizer, Atmosphere Electrical Furnaces, Multiple Hearth Furnaces, Fire Proof Test Furna











Email this pageBookmark this pagePrint this page
Company Home
Products




Contact Us
Energytek Corporation














About Us
 | Agreement | 
Legal Policy | 
Privacy Policy

Copyright © 1996-2017 All Products Online Corp. All rights reserved





 





Energytek Corporation ,Inorganic Chemicals ,Oxide ,Taiwan










Search


Welcome Guest, Join Free / Sign In
Home Categories Countries My Companiess Add My Company Free    Share:






Energytek Corporation


Company DescriptionEnergytek corporation is a leading manufacturer of industrial furnaces, ceramics kilns, vacuum furnaces, atmosphere furnaces, electric furnaces, potter kilns and automatic controlling equipment in Taiwan. Most of Energytek Corporation staff possess many years' practical experience in the area of engineering planning and designing, construction and supervising, trial run and modulation of machinery; covering a wide range of mechanical engineering, combustion control systems, electric heating engineering and automation engineering. Many years of experience and an extremely wide product range allow a large variety of applications of the energytek sintering, firing and drying technology. In spite of the peak performance values already reached today, shorter sintering, firing cycles, reduction of the energy consumption, optimization of the measuring and regulating technique as well as new automation concepts are subject to continuous improvement. And we attach importance to the introduction of new technology and conception continually, in order to help customer to develop and make a suitable manufacturing equipment. We are engaged in the business of planning, designing, installation, trial run and maintenance of the industrial furnaces, ceramics kilns, vacuum furnaces, atmosphere furnaces, electric furnaces, potter kilns and automatic controlling equipment, and improvement in existed manufacturing equipment. We also accept the commission of authority to solve some problems about fabrication equipment by means of study, planning, designing and consultation of special case. Another important factor is to provide local technical support to the customers. The entire assembly, commissioning, servicing to be done at customer's end, as well as spare parts' supplies are organized by the energytek to guarantee service and maintenance of customer's plants throughout their entire lifetime by expert personnel. We hope to help the customer to improve the performance and capacity of equipment, considering both lower consumption of energy and better environment protection.  

Company InformationContact Person:Mr. Hsihua ChangJob Title:General ManagerTelephone:Fax:Zip:334Province/State:TWCity:TaoyuanBusiness Type:Manufacturer, Agent, Distributor/WholesalerYear Established:1999Number Of Employees:5 - 10 PeopleTotal Revenue:US$1 Million - US$2.5 MillionTrade Capacity:North America : 11.11% South America : 11.11%Production Capacity:- -R&D Capacity:No. of R&D Staff :Less than 5 PeopleMain Products:Industrial Furnace,Vacuum Furnace,Atmosphere Furnace,Tunnel Kiln,Electric Furnace,High Temperature Furnace,Garbage Incinerator,Dryer,Incinerator,Combustion Control Systems, Rotary Kiln,Shuttle Kiln,Ceramic Kiln,RTO,VOC Oxidizer, Metal Heat Treatment Furnace, Hot Air Generator,Wooden Carbonization Furnace, Multiple Hearth Furnace, Medical Mincinerator, Metallic Processing Machinery,Oth, Address:No. 62, Minchuan Street, Bade City, TaoyuanMain Markets:North America, South America, Eastern Europe, SoutLocation:TaiwanWebsite:Visit website 

Product1300 Big scale ceramic shuttle kilnsolid pollution remove rotary kilnCylinder elevator furnacessolid pollution remove rotary kilncontinue mesh belt furnaces1600 / 45M Tunnel kiln1350 / 75M Tunnel kilnsolid pollution remove rotary kiln160 MT Annealing furnace1450 / 50M Tunnel kiln1300 Heat treatment furnace1300 Heat treatment furnaceACME--1101C raw material oxidation rotary kiln1700 High temp shuttle kiln1600 ~ 1700 High temp shuttle kiln1700 High temp. shuttle kiln1600 Small test kilnHot air generator / Dryer / Debinder furnacesDewax / Debinder furnacesACME--1100C raw material oxidation rotary kilnVOC oxidizer for paintingFume oxidizerVOC oxidizerVOC oxidizerVOC oxidizerVOC oxidizerVOC oxidizerDewax / Debinder furnacesbinder furnacesCeramic KilnMetal Heat Treatment FurnaceCeramic Kiln 


Taiwan Oxide Related CompanyTIO TRADING CO LTD Synthetic Rubber, Chloroprene, POE / Engage, EPDM, CSM Hypalon,Rubber & Products,Plastics …Jiniu Export and Import Co.Ltd inorganic salts,inorganic acids,inorganic alkalisInno-Trust Tech Co., Ltd. Al wafersBroadgen Technology, Inc. Photocatalyst TiO2,TINOX Disinfectant,TINOX Air PurifierZB Lime Industries quicklime, calcium oxide, calcium carbonate, cryoliteMetallic Chemical Industries (Thailand) Co., Ltd Copper Sulphate (CuSO4),Copper Oxide (CuO)Xiede Chemical Co., Ltd. Titanium Dioxide,Titanium Dioxide,PVC resin,Stearic Acid,Titanium Dioxide …Hong Jing Environment Company NH4VO3, FeV, V flake, MoO3W MADE CO. LTD Silicon Dioxide,Talc,Epoxy Resin,Active Diluent,SolventEXPANSION INDUSTRIES CO ., LTD Copper Oxide, Copper Powder, Zinc Oxide 


CategoryChemicals, Plastics, and Raw MaterialsInorganic ChemicalsOxideTaiwan Chemicals, Plastics, and Raw MaterialsTaiwan Inorganic ChemicalsTaiwan Oxide

Related ProductcausticAshcaustic sodapulsesSoda ashFormicFormic AcidSTPPacetic


Countries   China   India   Indonesia   Malaysia   Pakistan   Turkey   United Kingdom   United States   All Countries

Add your free listing Browse Countries Categories Mobile Version Contact Us © 2015 Companiess.com
 




























Taiwan Small Furnace | ENERGYTEK CORPORATION | Taiwantrade.com















Home
Service
Service Overview
Customized Sourcing


台灣經貿網
English
正體中文
日本語
简体中文
Русский
Español
Português
العربية
Indonesia
Tiếng Việt Nam
ภาษาไทย


Favorites(0)
Sign In
Register
guest no cache from cms-cm:172.17.0.7








Product
Product
Supplier
Sample




Advanced





Home

Machinery

Boilers & Industrial Furnaces

Industrial Furnace


Small Furnace






















Small Furnace

Get Latest Price
Supplier：ENERGYTEK CORPORATION

Contact SupplierNo sign-up required.








Product Detail
Company Profile


Add To Favorites


Key Features1300 C Gas Firing Furnace1300 C Electric Furnace                        Last Update :
									2002-02-04

Loading ...
				            	
                              

Product Detail
Company Profile



				              The purpose of Slider Kit is to gather common slideshow-like jQuery functionalities (such as news sliders, photos galleries/sliders, carousels, tabs menus)
				            

				              When tracking mouse movement, you usually need to know the actual position of the mouse pointer. The event object that is passed to the handler contains some information about the mouse coordinates.
				            

Contact Supplier



To:

Mr.Hsihua Chang
				                        					    , ENERGYTEK CORPORATION


 

Small Furnace





CC:
Use ; or , to separate multiple recipients








From:


Sign in to have your contact details filled in for youSign In



 

*Email
Send a Copy to Myself



 

*Re-enter Email
Verified



 

*Subject




 

*Message




 


Upload file formats : htm、html、doc、docx、pdf、txt、jpg、gif、png



 

Estimated Purchase Amount USD




 


Continue







Contact Supplier



 





 

*Full Name

Mrs.
Ms.
Mr.



 

*Company Name




 

*Location

Please Select a Country
Czech Republic
Finland
Gibraltar
Other
Montenegro
Serbia
Niue
Equatorial Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Kenya
Federal Islamic Republic of the Comoros
Liberia
Lesotho
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Monaco
Madagascar
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Malawi
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Reunion
Rwanda
Seychelles
Sudan
Sierra Leone
Senegal
Somalia
Swaziland
Chad
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
South Africa
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Greenland
Guadeloupe
St. Pierre and Miquelon
St. Helena
United States of America
Anguilla
Netherlands Antilles
Barbados
Bermuda
Belize
Costa Rica
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Guatemala
Honduras
Haiti
Jamaica
Saint Christopher (St. Kitts) and Nevis
Cayman Islands
Saint Lucia
Montserrat
Mexico
Nicaragua
Panama
El Salvador
Trinidad And Tobago
St Vincent
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Nevis
F T/C C A
BR T/C C A
Argentina
Aruba
Bolivia
Chile
Colombia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
French Guiana
S. Georgia And The S. Sandwich Islands
Guyana
Peru
Paraguay
Uruguay
Venezuela
American Samoa
Australia
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Christmas Island
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Northern Mariana Islands
Maldives
New Caledonia
Norfolk Island
Nauru
New Zealand
French Polynesia
Papua New Guinea
Palau
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tonga
East Timor
Tuvalu
Vanuatu
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Samoa
Tahiti
Other Oceania
US T/P P A
Antarctica
Bougainville Island
British Indian Ocean Territory
Neutral Zone
Pitcairn
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
French Southern Territories
Mayotte
Gambia
Guinea
Bangladesh
Brunei Darussalam
Mainland China
Hong Kong
Indonesia
India
Japan
Cambodia
Korea, North Korea
Korea, South Korea
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Myanmar
Mongolia
Macau
Malaysia
Nepal
Pakistan
Singapore
Thailand
Taiwan, ROC
Viet Nam
Ryukyu
United Arab Emirates
Afghanistan
Bahrain
Israel
Iraq
Iran
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Oman
Qatar
Syrian Arab Republic
Turkey
Yemen
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Belgium
Bulgaria
Belarus
Switzerland
Germany
Denmark
Estonia
Spain
Faroe Islands
France
France, Metropolitan
United Kingdom
Georgia
Greece
Croatia
Hungary
Ireland
Iceland
Kyrgyzstan
Kazakhstan
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Latvia
Morocco
Republic of Moldova
Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russian Federation
Sweden
Slovenia
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
San Marino
Tajikistan
Turkmenistan
Ukraine
Uzbekistan
Vatican City
Angola
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Benin
Botswana
Central African Republic
Congo
Cote D'Ivoire
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Djibouti
Algeria
Egypt
Western Sahara
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
Ghana
Sao Tome and Principe
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Canada
Heard and Mc Donald Island
Antigua And Barbuda
Bahamas
Cuba
Grenada
Martinique
Puerto Rico
Turks And Caicos Islands
Brazil
Ecuador
Suriname
Cook Islands
Micronesia, Federated States Of
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Bhutan
Sri Lanka
Philippines
Cyprus
Saudi Arabia
Albania
Azerbaijan
Italy
Lithuania
Macedonia
Democratic Republic of Congo
Republic of Somaliland
Republic of South Sudan
State of Palestine



 

*Company Site
Not Available



 

Business PhoneExt.
+#



 


Submit











Loading ...
                              






Loading ...
				      		
                  















Submit

















EnergyTEK Corp - Timefire VR




























































Facebook






Twitter






Google+






YouTube






Instagram






Vkontakte


EnergyTEK CorpHome  INVESTORS  EnergyTEK Corp



EnergyTEK Corp. (ENTK) Closes Merger With Timefire, a Virtual Reality Content Producer
  
SCOTTSDALE, AZ–(Marketwired – Sep 14, 2016) – EnergyTek Corp. (OTCQB: ENTK) (the “Company”) announced today that it has merged with Scottsdale, AZ based Timefire LLC (“Timefire”), a Virtual Reality Content Producer. Timefire is a Virtual Reality Content Producer that has been creating its primary product “Hypatia,” the first truly “virtual city,” for over two years and believes it is a unique and advanced VR experience. In focusing on the importance of this acquisition, Jonathan Read, Chief Executive Officer stated:
  
“Timefire’s vision focuses on creating an immersive space in the field of the arts, education, entertainment, and social interaction designed to offer a more ‘hands-on’ approach to learning that is accessible to all people. Hypatia aims to offer the citizens of Virtual Reality a complete ‘place’ where the magic of building a community and creative mind surrounds everyone.”
  
Joining Mr. Read as part of the new management team are John Wise President and founder of Timefire, Jeffrey Rassas, Chief Strategy Officer, and Jessica Smith, Interim CFO. The Company expects to change its name to TimefireVR Inc. with a new symbol upon obtaining shareholder approval.
Jonathan Read continued:
  
“Timefire founder John Wise has a phenomenal vision for the application of Virtual Reality for education, entertainment and socially positive purposes. He and his team have been actively developing the world’s first major VR interactive city, Hypatia, a platform for a host of VR applications, and a strong multi-tiered revenue model. Mr. Wise will continue to lead the VR development as President of Timefire/ENTK and as majority shareholder and visionary. To support this VR development, the Company raised $1.5 million in equity. With the warrants we issued to the new investors, we have the opportunity to raise another $1.5 million in the first year.”
Mr. Wise stated:
  
“There is no greater imperative facing humanity today than our collective intelligence coming together to make great decisions that better engage all people into our modern information based economies. Education, cultural knowledge, social skills that extend beyond borders and collaboration are the keystones to our shared prosperity. Today’s merger is offering us the resources and the tools that will allow the creative team we’ve assembled at Timefire to accomplish our greater goals.”
  
Timefire is a virtual reality content producer and provider that has developed the first comprehensive Virtual Reality “VR” city “Hypatia” — a unique social, educational and cultural world.
Further information concerning the merger and financing is contained in the form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 13, 2016.
      
Company Contact:
EnergyTek Corp.
Jonathan Read, CEO
(888) 875-9928
  
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding development of Timefire’s products and receipt of future funds from the exercise of warrants. The words “believe,” “may,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “should,” “plan,” “could,” “target,” “potential,” “is likely,” “will,” “expect” and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forwardlooking
statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. Important factors that
could cause actual results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements include the future condition of the capital markets in general and the market for microcap securities, the public’s and future investors’ reaction to and acceptance of virtual reality, and software bugs that could delay Timefire’s successful development of its Virtual Reality platform. Further information on our risk factors is contained in our filings with the SEC, including the Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Any forward-looking statement made by us herein speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law.
  
Texas Gulf Exploration & Production, Inc. (See TexasGulfExp.com Site)
A wholly owned subsidiary of EnergyTEK Corp.
  
Our subsidiary, Texas Gulf Exploration and Production, Inc. (TGEP) sees a tremendous opportunity in the rapid fall of oil prices worldwide for our shareholders at EnergyTEK Corp (OTCQB: ENTK). We are launching a new expansion program in partnership with our strategic customers by rapidly implementing a distressed energy asset acquisition program acquiring energy related assets, including current oil & gas production, field equipment and leasehold interests. These energy assets are available now at significantly reduced prices due to the recent precipitous drop in the price of West Texas Intermediate crude and the resulting financial hardships faced by independent oil & gas producers.
TGEP will not only provide acquisition services, but manage the day to day services of maintaining the wells, and increasing their production of oil and gas. On energy assets purchased for our customers, TGEP compensation will include a base amount for oilfield services, plus TGEP will participate in the continuing revenues of the wells that we service for our customers.
As a result of this strategy, TGEP believes this distressed energy asset acquisition program will significantly increase the Company’s long term revenues and assets. As an example, in 2009, WTI dropped to below $37 per barrel, and returned to over $80 per barrel in 2010. In the long term, we believe this down cycle, as well as every other energy cycle before it, will result in higher future values for Texas Gulf Exploration & Production assets and those of its customers as well.
  
About EnergyTEK Corp
EnergyTEK Corp EnergyTEK Corp. targets unique, promising technologies we believe can improve business growth and profitability, with a particular interest on energy markets. We apply those technologies by incubating promising companies with innovative business plans that can utilize these technologies to drive business growth and bottom line performance. We also support our companies in obtaining necessary working capital financing to support their growth, and in select cases, we will make direct loans and/or equity investments in our own subsidiary companies as well as consider joint venture investments in unique technologies. In the future, we intend to monetize our investments in these companies either by outright sale, or spin off the subsidiary’s shares into the public markets.  
EnergyTEK Corp News
Jan. 9, 2015 – SEC Form 8-K/A, Other Events, Financial Statements and Exhibits Filed — See Filing
Oct. 29, 2014 – Operating Subsidiary, Texas Gulf Exploration & Production, Inc., Wins New Oilfield Service Work — See News  











GET CONNECTED WITH US

Sign up for our newsletter and keep up on the latest updates.





Join











































































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












INVESTORS - Timefire VR




























































Facebook






Twitter






Google+






YouTube






Instagram






Vkontakte


INVESTORSHome  INVESTORS














GET CONNECTED WITH US

Sign up for our newsletter and keep up on the latest updates.





Join








































































































EnergyTek Corp ENTK Profile-Financials-Revenues-Growth-Market-Description                         Please wait while the search results are loading...     Plunkett Research,® Ltd.Our Market Research = Your Smart Decisions  What are you looking for?    Information Marketing & Research PROS   Information for Students & Professors   Subscribers Log In     Home >  Industries  >  Energy, Oil & Gas, and Utilities  > EnergyTek Corp   Plunkett Research Online: EnergyTek Corp    ENERGYTEK CORP (ENTK) Company Profile, Corporate Revenues, Growth, Market Size, Analysis, Business Forecasts, Market Share, Metrics, SWOTEnergyTek Corp. conducts its business through its two wholly owned subsidiaries, Texas Gulf Exploration and Production, Inc. (TGEP) and Legal Capital Corp. (LCC), as well as through the joint venture named Wagley-EnergyTEK J.V. LLC (Wagley JV).  Through TGEP, and due to the drop in oil prices, the f..... ENERGYTEK CORP  Ticker: ENTKExchange: PINXParent Company: Employees: Fiscal Year Ends in  Phone: 713-333-3630Fax: Address: 201 S. LaurelLuling, TX 78648 United States MapTypes Of Business Industry Ranks  Total RevenueMarket CapEmployee CountNet IncomeRevenue 3Y GrowthIncome 3Y GrowthReturn on Assets (%)Return on Equity (%)Return on Invested Capital (%) Industry NAICS code:   Refreshing... Contacts Excel TextDescription Craig CrawfordCEO/Pres.Craig CrawfordCFO See More EnergyTek Corp. conducts its business through its two wholly owned subsidiaries, Texas Gulf Exploration and Production, Inc. (TGEP) and Legal Capital Corp. (LCC), as well as through the joint venture named Wagley-EnergyTEK J.V. LLC (Wagley JV). Through TGEP, and due to the drop in oil prices, the f.....See More See More  Financials  Compare to Industry Averages  Compare Companies $USD, In whole numbers 2016201520142013201220112010SalesProfitsBrands, Divisions and AffiliatesTop Salaries  SalaryBonusOther ThoughtsCorporate Culture    Javascript is disabled.    Request Free Trial Subscriptions Plans & Pricing500 Industries Analyzed for Market Size, Profits and Forecasts25,000 Companies Profiled, Ranked100,000 Industry Statistics150,000 Industry Executives Profiled1,000,000 Words of Trends Analysis Printed Almanacs and Ebooks Custom Research ProjectsA REPRESENTATIVE LIST OF ORGANIZATIONS THAT HAVE USED OUR RESEARCH PRODUCTS:         Take a TourHow to Use Plunkett Research Online-8 MinutesPlunkett Online AccessPlunkett Research BooksContactPhone: 713.932.0000Alternate Phone: 713.961.3282Fax: 713.932.7080E-Mail UsAsk a Product QuestionMedia Interviews, Get a SpeakerCustom ResearchInternational Distributors ListNews & RSSTestimonials  Your tool is very comprehensive and immensely useful. The vertical marketing tool is very helpful, for it assists us in that venue, as well as targeting customers’ competition for new sales…The comprehensive material is absolutely fabulous. I am very impressed, I have to say! Tammy Dalton, National Account Manager, MCI, Tammy Dalton  We are especially trying to push Plunkett since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use.  St. John’s College, Library Services  I’m amazed at how much information is available and the various ways to access it. This will be a major resource for our serious job seekers.  Penn State University, Career Services  I really appreciate the depth you were able to get to so quickly (for our project). The team has looked through the material and are very happy with the data you pulled together.  Marketing Manager, Hilton Worldwide  Plunkett Research Online is an excellent resource…the database contains a wealth of useful data on sectors and companies, which is easy to search and well presented.   Help and advice on how to conduct, export and save searches is available at all stages. Penny Crossland, Editor, VIP Magazine  The more I get into the database, the happier I am that we’ll have it–REALLY happy!!!  Between the quality and affordability of your product, its appeal to and value for our users, and the inestimably ethical and loyalty-guaranteeing conduct of your business, I will always have more than sufficient praises to sing for Plunkett Research. Michael Oppenheim, Collections & Reference Services, UCLA  Plunkett Research Online provides a great ‘one stop shop’ for us to quickly come up to speed on major industries. It provides us with an overall analysis of the market, key statistics, and overviews of the major players in the industry in an online service that is fast, easy to navigate, and reliable. Wendy Stotts, Manager, Carlson Companies-Information Center  We are especially trying to push Plunkett’s since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use. Gary White, Business Materials Selector, Penn State University     Sign up for Free Research Reports   Subscribe                                 
EnergyTEK Corp. (ENTK) Closes Merger With Timefire, a Virtual Reality Content ProducerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 3 hrs 31 minsS&P 5002,469.91-5.51 (-0.22%)Dow 3021,798.46+1.91 (+0.01%)Nasdaq6,371.18-11.00 (-0.17%)Stocks to WatchIntel impresses with strong quarter, Starbucks and Mattel shares are tankingEnergyTEK Corp. (ENTK) Closes Merger With Timefire, a Virtual Reality Content ProducerMarketwiredSeptember 14, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareSCOTTSDALE, AZ--(Marketwired - Sep 14, 2016) - EnergyTek Corp.(  OTCQB :  ENTK ) (the "Company") announced today that it has merged with Scottsdale, AZ based Timefire LLC ("Timefire"), a Virtual Reality Content Producer. Timefire is a Virtual Reality Content Producer that has been creating its primary product "Hypatia," the first truly "virtual city," for over two years and believes it is a unique and advanced VR experience.In focusing on the importance of this acquisition, Jonathan Read, Chief Executive Officer stated: "Timefire's vision focuses on creating an immersive space in the field of the arts, education, entertainment, and social interaction designed to offer a more 'hands-on' approach to learning that is accessible to all people. Hypatia aims to offer the citizens of Virtual Reality a complete 'place' where the magic of building a community and creative mind surrounds everyone."Joining Mr. Read as part of the new management team are John Wise President and founder of Timefire, Jeffrey Rassas, Chief Strategy Officer, and Jessica Smith, Interim CFO. The Company expects to change its name to TimefireVR Inc. with a new symbol upon obtaining shareholder approval.Jonathan Read continued: "Timefire founder John Wise has a phenomenal vision for the application of Virtual Reality for education, entertainment and socially positive purposes. He and his team have been actively developing the world's first major VR interactive city, Hypatia, a platform for a host of VR applications, and a strong multi-tiered revenue model. Mr. Wise will continue to lead the VR development as President of Timefire/ENTK and as majority shareholder and visionary. To support this VR development, the Company raised $1.5 million in equity. With the warrants we issued to the new investors, we have the opportunity to raise another $1.5 million in the first year."Mr. Wise stated: "There is no greater imperative facing humanity today than our collective intelligence coming together to make great decisions that better engage all people into our modern information based economies. Education, cultural knowledge, social skills that extend beyond borders and collaboration are the keystones to our shared prosperity. Today's merger is offering us the resources and the tools that will allow the creative team we've assembled at Timefire to accomplish our greater goals."About Timefire: Timefire is a virtual reality content producer and provider that has developed the first comprehensive Virtual Reality "VR" city "Hypatia" -- a unique social, educational and cultural world. Visit www.timefirevr.com.Further information concerning the merger and financing is contained in the form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 13, 2016.Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding development of Timefire's products and receipt of future funds from the exercise of warrants. The words "believe," "may," "estimate," "continue," "anticipate," "intend," "should," "plan," "could," "target," "potential," "is likely," "will," "expect" and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements include the future condition of the capital markets in general and the market for microcap securities, the public's and future investors' reaction to and acceptance of virtual reality, and software bugs that could delay Timefire's successful development of its Virtual Reality platform. Further information on our risk factors is contained in our filings with the SEC, including the Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Any forward-looking statement made by us herein speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextStandalone VR Headsets Might Determine Future GameplayInternational Business TimesEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredVirtual reality enters luxury home marketCNBC VideosTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredIntel impresses with strong quarter, Starbucks and Mattel shares are tankingYahoo FinancePogue: The business of keeping 5,000 kitchens out of landfillsYahoo Finance VideoThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo Finance"Women Need To Carry This Device With Them"Siren SongSponsoredSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderAirbnb sued by woman who says she was sexually assaulted by 'superhost'The GuardianThe government can't help people from making the single-biggest investing mistakeYahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredAmazon shares fall after profit falls way short of expectationsYahoo Finance VideoTODAY'S CHARTS: Don't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Yahoo FinanceTrump headed to Long Island to trumpet MS-13 crackdownFtheWorld: Kill them all. Don't detain them and waste tax payers' money. Criminals must be terminated.Join the Conversation1 / 51k








