Energy XXI Ltd. 8-K May. 15, 2017  7:02 AM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Energy XXI Ltd. (EXXI)FORM 8-K | Current reportMay. 15, 2017  7:02 AM|About: Energy XXI Ltd. (EXXI)View as PDF

 Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. (Form: 8-K, Received: 05/15/2017 07:03:46) 











	 



	 




	UNITED
	STATES



	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION



	Washington, D.C. 20549



	 ____________________	


	 


	FORM 8-K


	____________________	


	 


	CURRENT REPORT

	Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

	of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934


	 


	May 9, 2017



	Date of
	Report (Date of earliest event reported)



	____________________	


	 





	Energy
	XXI Gulf Coast, Inc.



	(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)



	____________________	


	 






	Delaware






	001-38019






	20-4278595







	(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)




	(Commission File Number)




	(IRS Employer Identification No.)





	 


	 


	 




	 




	1021 Main, Suite 2626




	Houston, Texas 77002




	 





	(Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code)





	 


	 


	 




	 




	(713) 351-3000




	 





	(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)





	 





	 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)





	____________________


	 


	Check the appropriate box below if the
	Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:


	 







	¨



	Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the
	Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)




	 







	¨



	Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the
	Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)




	 







	¨



	Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b)
	under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))




	 







	¨



	Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)
	under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))




	 




	 





	 




	 


	Introductory Note


	 


	Energy XXI Gulf
	Coast, Inc. (the “Company”) today provided final results of its independently engineered reserves report prepared
	by Netherland Sewell & Associates, Inc. (“NSAI”) as of March 31, 2017, which included estimated proved and
	probable reserves based on SEC 12-month average NYMEX pricing on March 31, 2017 (the “NSAI Reserve Report”). In
	addition, NSAI also prepared an alternate case of the NSAI Reserve Report based on forward strip commodity pricing as of
	March 31, 2017 (the “NSAI Strip Pricing Reserve Case” and, together with the NSAI Reserve Report, the “NSAI
	Reports”).


	 










	Item 7.01


	Regulation FD Disclosure




	 


	A copy of the press
	issued by the Company regarding the results of the NSAI Reports is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by
	reference.


	 


	The information responsive
	to this Item 7.01, including the press release attached as Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed
	for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise be
	subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities
	Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.




	 










	Item 8.01


	Other Events




	 


	According to the NSAI
	Reserve Report, total SEC proved reserves as of March 31, 2017 were 109.4 million barrels of oil equivalent (“MMBOE”),
	of which 80% were oil, 2% were natural gas liquids, and 18% were natural gas. All of the Company’s proved reserves are on
	the Gulf of Mexico Shelf or U.S. Gulf Coast, and 71% are classified as proved developed reserves. SEC 12-month average NYMEX pricing
	on March 31, 2017 was $47.62 per barrel of oil (“BBL”) and $2.73 per thousand cubic feet of natural gas (“MCF”),
	before differentials. The present value of the SEC proved reserves discounted at 10% (“PV-10 Value”) was $108.4 million.


	 


	By comparison,
	in the Company’s year-end 2016 internally-prepared report, total SEC proved reserves were 121.9 MMBOE and the PV-10
	Value was $135.4 million, using a crude oil price of $42.74 per BBL and $2.48 per MCF, before differentials.  The
	primary non-commodity price factors contributing to the difference between the NSAI Reserve Report and the
	internally-prepared year-end 2016 report are: (i) technical reassessments, (ii) higher capital costs and
	(iii) production during the first quarter of 2017.  The impact of those factors was partially offset by higher SEC
	average commodity prices for both crude oil and natural gas.




	 


	Proved reserves
	as of March 31, 2017 in the NSAI Strip Pricing Reserve Case are estimated to be 113.7 MMBOE based on forward strip commodity
	pricing for oil, which averages $51.58 per BBL for the remainder of 2017, and for natural gas, which averages $3.33 per MCF
	for the remainder of 2017, before differentials. The PV-10 Value of those proved reserves is estimated to be $399.1 million.


	 


	Copies of the letters
	addressed from NSAI to the Company regarding the NSAI Reserve Report and the NSAI Strip Pricing Reserve Case are attached hereto
	as Exhibits 99.2 and 99.3, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.


	 


	The Company has filed
	a Notification of Late Filing on Form 12b-25 with respect to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2017
	(the “March Form 10-Q”). As disclosed in the Form 12b-25, the Company is unable to file its March Form 10-Q by the
	prescribed due date because the timing of the receipt of the NSAI Reserve Report resulted in unexpected delays in the completion
	of its financial statements and related portions of its March Form 10-Q. The Company is working diligently to process this information
	through its financial statements and anticipates that the March Form 10-Q will be filed on or before the fifth calendar day following
	its prescribed due date.




	 






	 





	 




	 










	Item 9.01


	Financial Statements and Exhibits




	 







	Exhibit

	Number



	 



	Description





	99.1


	 


	Press release dated May 15, 2017




	99.2


	 


	Letter from Netherland Sewell & Associates, Inc., dated May 9, 2017 (NSAI Reserve Report)




	99.3


	 


	Letter from Netherland Sewell & Associates, Inc., dated May 10, 2017 (NSAI Strip Pricing Reserve Case)







	 




	 





	 




	 




	SIGNATURES


	 


	Pursuant to the requirements
	of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
	hereunto duly authorized.


	 






	 




	ENERGY XXI GULF COAST, INC.






	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:




	/s/ Douglas E. Brooks





	 


	 



	Douglas E. Brooks





	 


	 



	Chief Executive Officer and President







	 


	Dated: May 15, 2017



	 




	 





	 




	 




	Exhibit Index


	 







	Exhibit

	Number



	 



	Description





	99.1


	 


	Press release dated May 15, 2017




	99.2


	 


	Letter from Netherland Sewell & Associates, Inc., dated May 9, 2017 (NSAI Reserve Report)




	99.3


	 


	Letter from Netherland Sewell & Associates, Inc., dated May 10, 2017 (NSAI Strip Pricing Reserve Case)








	 






	 












	 



	Exhibit 99.1



	 


Click to enlarge




	 




	 




	Energy
	XXI Gulf Coast Provides Final March 31, 2017 Independent Reserve Report Results and

	Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release

	and Conference Call Date




	 


	HOUSTON – May 15, 2017

	-

	Energy
	XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. (“EGC” or the “Company”) (NASDAQ: EXXI) today provided final results of its independently
	engineered reserves report prepared by Netherland Sewell & Associates, Inc. (“NSAI”) as of March 31, 2017. In recent
	years, the Company had utilized third-party engineers to audit its internal calculations of reserves, but has not had a fully-engineered
	third-party report prepared since 2012. The Company’s most recent internally-prepared report was prepared as of December
	31, 2016.


	 


	NSAI’s report estimates total SEC
	proved reserves as of March 31, 2017 to be 109.4 million barrels of oil equivalent, (“MMBOE”), of which 80% were oil,
	2% were natural gas liquids, and 18% were natural gas. All of the Company’s proved reserves are on the Gulf of Mexico Shelf
	or U.S. Gulf Coast, and 71% are classified as proved developed reserves. SEC 12-month average NYMEX pricing on March 31, 2017
	was $47.62 per barrel of oil (“BBL”) and $2.73 per thousand cubic feet of natural gas (“MCF”), before differentials.
	The present value of the SEC proved reserves discounted at 10% (“PV-10 Value”) was $108.4 million.


	 


	By comparison, in the Company’s year-end
	2016 internally-prepared report, total SEC proved reserves were 121.9 MMBOE and the PV-10 was $135.4 million, using a crude
	oil price of $42.74 per BBL and $2.48 per MCF, before differentials. The primary non-commodity price factors contributing to the
	difference between the NSAI March 31, 2017 SEC report and the internally-prepared year-end 2016 report are: (i) technical
	reassessments, (ii) higher capital costs and (iii) production during the first quarter of 2017. The impact of those factors
	was partially offset by higher SEC average commodity prices for both crude oil and natural gas.


	 


	Proved reserves as of March 31, 2017 based
	on forward strip commodity pricing for oil, which averages $51.58 per BBL for the remainder of 2017, and for natural gas, which
	averages $3.33 per MCF for the remainder of 2017, before differentials, are estimated to be 113.7 MMBOE. The PV-10 value of those
	proved reserves is estimated to be $399.1 million.


	 







	1

	 





Click to enlarge
	 




	 


	By comparison, in the
	Company’s year-end 2016 internally-prepared report, total strip pricing proved reserves were 132.6 MMBOE and the PV-10
	was $988.2 million, using a crude oil price which averages $54.77 per BBL and $3.34 per MCF for 2017, before
	differentials. The non-price factors described above also contributed the difference between the NSAI March 31, 2017
	strip-pricing report and the internally-prepared year-end 2016 report. In addition, instead of serving as a positive partial
	offset to those factors, strip prices (particularly the strip price for crude oil) declined from year-end 2016 to March 31,
	2017.


	 


	The Company has significant resource potential
	in addition to its proved reserves. NSAI’s strip-price report as of March 31, 2017 estimates proved and probable reserves
	(“2P Reserves”) to be 183.6 MMBOE with a PV-10 of $1.15 billion at these forward prices. 2P Reserves do not include
	possible reserves or exploratory resource potential.


	 


	The following table includes the amounts
	referenced above as well as March 31, 2017 estimated probable reserves and related PV-10 attributable to the Company’s net
	interests in oil and gas properties at varying price assumptions which were independently engineered and compiled by NSAI.


	 








	SEC Pricing


	Oil


	NGL


	Gas


	Oil Eq.


	PV10




	Oil $47.62 Gas $2.73


	MMBO


	MMBO


	BCF


	MMBOE


	MM$




	 


	PDP


	51.8


	0.9


	53.7


	61.6


	$304.9




	 


	PDN


	9.3


	0.9


	33.2


	15.7


	$100.8




	 


	PUD


	26.5


	0.5


	30.3


	32.0


	$203.7




	 


	P&A


	0.0


	0.0


	0.0


	0.0


	($501.0)




	 


	1P


	87.6


	2.2


	117.2


	109.4


	$108.4




	 


	PRB


	45.8


	1.4


	122.1


	67.5


	$574.8




	 


	P&A


	0.0


	0.0


	0.0


	0.0


	$62.6




	 


	2P


	133.4


	3.6


	239.3


	176.9


	$745.9







	  







	2

	 





Click to enlarge
	 




	 






	 


	 


	SEC Pricing


	Strip 3/31/17




	 


	 


	Oil $47.62 Gas $2.73


	Oil $51.58 Gas $3.33






	MMBOE


	 


	 




	 


	Proved


	109.4


	113.7




	 


	Probable


	67.5


	70.0




	 


	Total 2P


	176.9


	183.6




	PV10 $MM


	 


	 




	 


	Proved


	$108.4


	$399.1




	 


	Probable


	$637.4


	$749.8




	 


	Total 2P


	$745.9


	$1,148.8







	 


	(PDP: Proved Developed Producing; PDN:
	Proved Developed Non-Producing; PUD: Proved Undeveloped; P&A: Plug and Abandon; PRB: Probable; 1P: Total Proved Reserves; 2P:
	Total Proved and Probable Reserves)


	 


	Douglas E. Brooks, Chief Executive Officer
	and President remarked, “We have completed the transition to utilizing a third party to fully engineer our reserves with
	the March 31, 2017 NSAI report. Our next third party reserve report will be prepared as of December 31, 2017 and issued in early
	2018.”


	 


	Brooks continued, “As detailed in
	this release, we have meaningful upside potential in our proved reserves and their valuation from substantial optionality in our
	probable and possible reserves and exploratory resource potential. In addition, if the commodity price environment were to improve,
	any such improvement would further enhance both our volumes and PV-10. In the remainder of 2017, we will work diligently to reduce
	all costs to remain competitive in today’s market.”


	 



	First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release
	and Conference Call Date



	 


	On Monday, May 22, 2017, the Company will
	issue its first quarter 2017 earnings release before the market opens and will host a conference call at 10:00 a.m. Central Time
	(11:00 a.m. Eastern Time) to discuss its first quarter 2017 financial and operating results.


	 


	To actively participate on the conference
	call, please dial the number below before the scheduled start time. A webcast of the call can be accessed through the Company's
	web site at www.EnergyXXI.com. A replay of the call will be archived and available on the web site shortly after the live call.


	 




	Dial-In Numbers:  



	(877) 794-3620 (Toll Free)


	(631) 813-4724 (International)


	 






	Confirmation Code:




	22507001






	 










	3

	 





Click to enlarge
	 




	 



	Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
	Statements



	 



	This press release contains forward-looking
	statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements, including those relating
	to the intent, beliefs, plans, or expectations of EGC are based upon current expectations and are subject to a number of risks,
	uncertainties, and assumptions. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and the following list should not be
	considered a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties relating to emergence from Chapter 11, the recent change
	in EGC’s senior management team, or EGC’s oil and gas reserves, including, but not limited to: (i) the PV-10 and reserve
	volumes reported in the final NSAI reserve report, (ii) the level of potential upside actually realized by EGC from its non-proved
	resource base, (iii) the effects of the departure of EGC’s senior leaders on the Company’s employees, suppliers, regulators
	and business counterparties, (iv) the impact of restrictions in the exit financing on EGC’s ability to make capital
	investments and pursue strategic growth opportunities and (v) other risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties
	could cause actual results, including project plans and related expenditures and resource recoveries, to differ materially from
	those described in the forward-looking statements. For a more detailed discussion of risk factors, please see Part I, Item 1A,
	“Risk Factors” of the Transition Report on Form 10-K for the transition period ended December 31, 2016 filed by EGC for
	more information. EGC assumes no obligation and expressly disclaims any duty to update the information contained herein except
	as required by law.



	 



	Cautionary Note Regarding Hydrocarbon
	Quantities



	 



	This press release includes NSAI-prepared
	estimates for proved and probable reserves and aggregated proved and probable reserves as of March 31, 2017, with each category
	of reserves estimated in accordance with SEC guidelines and definitions. The SEC permits the optional disclosure of probable reserves.
	The SEC defines “probable” reserves as “those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than
	proved reserves but which, together with proved reserves, are as likely as not to be recovered.” EGC has included the NSAI
	estimate of proved, probable and aggregated proved and probable reserves in this release because management believes it is useful
	information that is widely used by the investment community in the valuation, comparison and analysis of companies.  However,
	the Company notes that the SEC prohibits companies from aggregating proved and probable reserves in filings with the SEC due to
	the different levels of certainty associated with each reserve category.



	 



	Actual quantities that may be ultimately
	recovered from EGC’s interests may differ substantially from the NSAI estimates included in this press release. Factors affecting
	ultimate recovery include the scope of EGC’s ongoing drilling program, which will be directly affected by commodity prices,
	the availability of capital, regulatory approvals, drilling and production costs, availability of drilling services and equipment,
	drilling results, lease expirations, transportation constraints and other factors; actual drilling results, including geological
	and mechanical factors affecting recovery rates; and budgets based upon our future evaluation of risk, returns and the availability
	of capital. With respect to commodity prices, there can be no assurance that actual oil and gas prices will be consistent with
	the forward strip pricing case or any of the other pricing assumptions described in this press release.



	 



	About the Company



	 


	Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. is an independent
	oil and natural gas development and production company whose assets are primarily located in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico waters offshore
	Louisiana and Texas. The Company’s near-term strategy emphasizes exploitation of key assets, enhanced by its focus on financial
	discipline and operational excellence. To learn more, visit EGC’s website at

	www.EnergyXXI.com

	.


	 



	Investor Relations Contact



	 


	Al Petrie


	Investor Relations Coordinator


	713-351-3171



	apetrie@energyxxi.com



	 





	4

	 




	 


	 










	 



	Exhibit 99.2



	 


	 
Click to enlarge


	 




	May 9, 2017




	 


	Mr. Hugh Menown


	Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc.


	1021 Main Street, Suite 2626


	Houston, Texas 77002


	 


	Dear Mr. Menown:


	 


	In accordance with your request, we have
	estimated the proved and probable reserves and future revenue, as of March 31, 2017, to the Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. (Energy
	XXI) interest in certain oil and gas properties located in Louisiana, Texas, and federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico. We completed
	our evaluation on or about the date of this letter. It is our understanding that the proved reserves estimated in this report constitute
	all of the proved reserves owned by Energy XXI. The estimates in this report have been prepared in accordance with the definitions
	and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and conform to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
	Topic 932,


	Extractive Activities



	—

	Oil
	and Gas, except that future income taxes are excluded for all properties and, as requested, corporate-level overhead expenses are
	excluded for the operated properties.


	Definitions are presented immediately following this letter. This report has been
	prepared for Energy XXI's use in filing with the SEC; in our opinion the assumptions, data, methods, and procedures used in the
	preparation of this report are appropriate for such purpose.


	 


	We estimate the net reserves and future
	net revenue to the Energy XXI interest in these properties, as of March 31, 2017, to be:


	 






	 


	 


	Net Reserves


	 


	 


	Future Net Revenue

	(1)

	(M$)


	 




	 


	 


	Oil


	 


	 


	NGL


	 


	 


	Gas


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Present Worth


	 




	Category


	 


	(MBBL)


	 


	 


	(MBBL)


	 


	 


	(MMCF)


	 


	 


	Total


	 


	 


	at 10%


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Proved Developed Producing


	 


	 


	51,810.4


	 


	 


	 


	872.3


	 


	 


	 


	53,685.4


	 


	 


	 


	-869,754.2


	 


	 


	 


	-196,066.5


	 




	Proved Developed Non-Producing


	 


	 


	9,295.8


	 


	 


	 


	879.2


	 


	 


	 


	33,240.3


	 


	 


	 


	190,860.0


	 


	 


	 


	100,773.1


	 




	Proved Undeveloped


	 


	 


	26,509.5


	 


	 


	 


	464.9


	 


	 


	 


	30,282.8


	 


	 


	 


	603,872.8


	 


	 


	 


	203,728.5


	 




	Total Proved


	 


	 


	87,615.7


	 


	 


	 


	2,216.4


	 


	 


	 


	117,208.4


	 


	 


	 


	-75,021.4


	 


	 


	 


	108,435.1


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Probable Developed


	 


	 


	11,816.1


	 


	 


	 


	1,080.8


	 


	 


	 


	50,816.2


	 


	 


	 


	208,449.1


	 


	 


	 


	212,400.2


	 




	Probable Undeveloped


	 


	 


	33,989.1


	 


	 


	 


	288.7


	 


	 


	 


	71,277.3


	 


	 


	 


	1,133,707.1


	 


	 


	 


	425,040.1


	 




	Total Probable


	 


	 


	45,805.2


	 


	 


	 


	1,369.5


	 


	 


	 


	122,093.6


	 


	 


	 


	1,342,156.3


	 


	 


	 


	637,440.3


	 





	 


	Totals may not add because of rounding.


	 







	(1)



	Future net revenue is after deducting estimated abandonment costs.




	 


	The oil volumes shown include crude oil
	and condensate. Oil and natural gas liquids (NGL) volumes are expressed in thousands of barrels (MBBL); a barrel is equivalent
	to 42 United States gallons. Gas volumes are expressed in millions of cubic feet (MMCF) at standard temperature and pressure bases.


	 


	The estimates shown in this report are
	for proved and probable reserves. As requested, possible reserves that exist for these properties have not been included. This
	report does not include any value that could be attributed to interests in undeveloped acreage beyond those tracts for which undeveloped
	reserves have been estimated. Reserves categorization conveys the relative degree of certainty; reserves subcategorization is based
	on development and production status. The estimates of reserves and future revenue included herein have not been adjusted for risk.


	 


Click to enlarge
	 


	 






	 





	 






	 


Click to enlarge
	 


	 


	Gross revenue is Energy XXI's share of
	the gross (100 percent) revenue from the properties prior to any deductions. Future net revenue is after deductions for Energy
	XXI's share of production taxes, capital costs, abandonment costs, and operating expenses but before consideration of any income
	taxes. The future net revenue has been discounted at an annual rate of 10 percent to determine its present worth, which is shown
	to indicate the effect of time on the value of money. Future net revenue presented in this report, whether discounted or undiscounted,
	should not be construed as being the fair market value of the properties.


	 


	Prices used in this report are based on
	the 12-month unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month in the period April 2016 through
	March 2017. For oil and NGL volumes, the average West Texas Intermediate posted price of $44.10 per barrel is adjusted by field
	for quality, transportation fees, and market differentials. For gas volumes, the average Henry Hub spot price of $2.730 per MMBTU
	is adjusted by field for energy content, transportation fees, and market differentials. All prices are held constant throughout
	the lives of the properties. For the proved reserves, the average adjusted product prices weighted by production over the remaining
	lives of the properties are $46.32 per barrel of oil, $23.58 per barrel of NGL, and $2.574 per MCF of gas.


	 


	Operating costs used in this report are
	based on operating expense records of Energy XXI. For the nonoperated properties, these costs include the per-well overhead expenses
	allowed under joint operating agreements along with estimates of costs to be incurred at and below the district and field levels.
	As requested, operating costs for the operated properties include only direct lease- and field-level costs. Operating costs have
	been divided into field-level costs, per-well costs, and per-unit-of-production costs. For all properties, headquarters general
	and administrative overhead expenses of Energy XXI are not included. Operating costs are not escalated for inflation.


	 


	Capital costs used in this report were
	provided by Energy XXI and are based on authorizations for expenditure and actual costs from recent activity. Capital costs are
	included as required for workovers, new development wells, and production equipment. Based on our understanding of future development
	plans, a review of the records provided to us, and our knowledge of similar properties, we regard these estimated capital costs
	to be reasonable. Abandonment costs used in this report are Energy XXI's estimates of the costs to abandon the wells, platforms,
	and production facilities, net of any salvage value. Capital costs and abandonment costs are not escalated for inflation.


	 


	For the purposes of this report, we did
	not perform any field inspection of the properties, nor did we examine the mechanical operation or condition of the wells and facilities.
	We have not investigated possible environmental liability related to the properties; therefore, our estimates do not include any
	costs due to such possible liability.


	 


	We have made no investigation of potential
	volume and value imbalances resulting from overdelivery or underdelivery to the Energy XXI interest. Therefore, our estimates of
	reserves and future revenue do not include adjustments for the settlement of any such imbalances; our projections are based on
	Energy XXI receiving its net revenue interest share of estimated future gross production. Additionally, we have made no investigation
	of any firm transportation contracts that may be in place for these properties; no adjustments have been made to our estimates
	of future revenue to account for such contracts.


	 


	The reserves shown in this report are estimates
	only and should not be construed as exact quantities. Proved reserves are those quantities of oil and gas which, by analysis of
	engineering and geoscience data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible; probable and possible
	reserves are those additional reserves which are sequentially less certain to be recovered than proved reserves. Estimates of reserves
	may increase or decrease as a result of market conditions, future operations, changes in regulations, or actual reservoir performance.
	In addition to the primary economic assumptions discussed herein, our estimates are based on certain assumptions including, but
	not limited to, that the properties will be developed consistent with current development plans as provided to us by Energy XXI,
	that the properties will be operated in a prudent manner, that no governmental regulations or controls will be put in place that
	would impact the ability of the interest owner to recover the reserves, and that our projections of future production will prove
	consistent with actual performance. If the reserves are recovered, the revenues therefrom and the costs related thereto could be
	more or less than the estimated amounts. Because of governmental policies and uncertainties of supply and demand, the sales rates,
	prices received for the reserves, and costs incurred in recovering such reserves may vary from assumptions made while preparing
	this report.


	 






	 





	 




	 


Click to enlarge
	 


	 


	For the purposes of this report, we used
	technical and economic data including, but not limited to, well logs, geologic maps, seismic data, well test data, production data,
	historical price and cost information, and property ownership interests. The reserves in this report have been estimated using
	deterministic methods; these estimates have been prepared in accordance with the Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing
	of Oil and Gas Reserves Information promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE Standards). We used standard engineering
	and geoscience methods, or a combination of methods, including performance analysis, volumetric analysis, analogy, and reservoir
	modeling, that we considered to be appropriate and necessary to categorize and estimate reserves in accordance with SEC definitions
	and regulations. As in all aspects of oil and gas evaluation, there are uncertainties inherent in the interpretation of engineering
	and geoscience data; therefore, our conclusions necessarily represent only informed professional judgment.


	 


	The data used in our estimates were obtained
	from Energy XXI, public data sources, and the nonconfidential files of Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc. (NSAI) and were
	accepted as accurate. Supporting work data are on file in our office. We have not examined the titles to the properties or independently
	confirmed the actual degree or type of interest owned. The technical persons primarily responsible for preparing the estimates
	presented herein meet the requirements regarding qualifications, independence, objectivity, and confidentiality set forth in the
	SPE Standards. Connor B. Riseden, a Licensed Professional Engineer in the State of Texas, has been practicing consulting petroleum
	engineering at NSAI since 2006 and has over 4 years of prior industry experience. Shane M. Howell, a Licensed Professional Geoscientist
	in the State of Texas, has been practicing consulting petroleum geoscience at NSAI since 2005 and has over 7 years of prior industry
	experience. We are independent petroleum engineers, geologists, geophysicists, and petrophysicists; we do not own an interest in
	these properties nor are we employed on a contingent basis.


	 






	 


	 


	 



	Sincerely,





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 




	NETHERLAND, SEWELL & ASSOCIATES, INC.






	 


	 


	 



	Texas Registered Engineering Firm F-2699





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 



	By:




	/s/ C.H. (Scott) Rees III





	 


	 


	 


	 



	C.H. (Scott) Rees III, P.E.





	 


	 


	 


	 



	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	By:




	/s/ Connor B. Riseden



	 



	By:




	/s/ Shane M. Howell





	 



	Connor B. Riseden, P.E. 100566



	 


	 



	Shane M. Howell, P.G. 11276





	 



	Vice President



	 


	 



	Vice President





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Date Signed: May 9, 2017



	 



	Date Signed: May 9, 2017





	 


	CBR:SAO


	 







	Please be advised that the digital document you are viewing is provided by Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc. (NSAI) as a convenience to our clients. The digital document is intended to be substantively the same as the original signed document maintained by NSAI. The digital document is subject to the parameters, limitations, and conditions stated in the original document. In the event of any differences between the digital document and the original document, the original document shall control and supersede the digital document.











	 






	 





	 




	 


	The following definitions are set forth
	in U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a). Also included is supplemental information
	from (1) the 2007 Petroleum Resources Management System approved by the Society of Petroleum Engineers, (2) the FASB Accounting
	Standards Codification Topic 932, Extractive Activities—Oil and Gas, and (3) the SEC's Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations.


	 


	(1)

	Acquisition of properties.

	Costs
	incurred to purchase, lease or otherwise acquire a property, including costs of lease bonuses and options to purchase or lease
	properties, the portion of costs applicable to minerals when land including mineral rights is purchased in fee, brokers' fees,
	recording fees, legal costs, and other costs incurred in acquiring properties.


	 


	(2)

	Analogous reservoir

	. Analogous
	reservoirs, as used in resources assessments, have similar rock and fluid properties, reservoir conditions (depth, temperature,
	and pressure) and drive mechanisms, but are typically at a more advanced stage of development than the reservoir of interest and
	thus may provide concepts to assist in the interpretation of more limited data and estimation of recovery. When used to support
	proved reserves, an "analogous reservoir" refers to a reservoir that shares the following characteristics with the reservoir
	of interest:


	 






	(i)


	Same geological formation (but not necessarily in pressure communication
	with the reservoir of interest);








	(ii)


	Same environment of deposition;








	(iii)


	Similar geological structure; and








	(iv)


	Same drive mechanism.




	 



	Instruction to paragraph (a)(2)

	:
	Reservoir properties must, in the aggregate, be no more favorable in the analog than in the reservoir of interest.


	 


	(3)

	Bitumen

	. Bitumen, sometimes
	referred to as natural bitumen, is petroleum in a solid or semi-solid state in natural deposits with a viscosity greater than 10,000
	centipoise measured at original temperature in the deposit and atmospheric pressure, on a gas free basis. In its natural state
	it usually contains sulfur, metals, and other non-hydrocarbons.


	 


	(4)

	Condensate

	. Condensate is a
	mixture of hydrocarbons that exists in the gaseous phase at original reservoir temperature and pressure, but that, when produced,
	is in the liquid phase at surface pressure and temperature.


	 


	(5)

	Deterministic estimate

	. The
	method of estimating reserves or resources is called deterministic when a single value for each parameter (from the geoscience,
	engineering, or economic data) in the reserves calculation is used in the reserves estimation procedure.


	 


	(6)

	Developed oil and gas reserves

	.
	Developed oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that can be expected to be recovered:


	 






	(i)


	Through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or
	in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well; and








	(ii)


	Through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at
	the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well.




	 








	Supplemental definitions from the 2007 Petroleum Resources
	Management System:



	 



	Developed Producing Reserves – Developed Producing
	Reserves are expected to be recovered from completion intervals that are open and producing at the time of the estimate. Improved
	recovery reserves are considered producing only after the improved recovery project is in operation.




	 




	Developed Non-Producing Reserves – Developed Non-Producing
	Reserves include shut-in and behind-pipe Reserves. Shut-in Reserves are expected to be recovered from (1) completion intervals
	which are open at the time of the estimate but which have not yet started producing, (2) wells which were shut-in for market conditions
	or pipeline connections, or (3) wells not capable of production for mechanical reasons. Behind-pipe Reserves are expected to be
	recovered from zones in existing wells which will require additional completion work or future recompletion prior to start of production.
	In all cases, production can be initiated or restored with relatively low expenditure compared to the cost of drilling a new well.






	  


	(7)

	Development costs.

	Costs incurred
	to obtain access to proved reserves and to provide facilities for extracting, treating, gathering and storing the oil and gas.
	More specifically, development costs, including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities
	and other costs of development activities, are costs incurred to:


	 






	 





	 




	 






	(i)


	Gain access to and prepare well locations for drilling, including surveying
	well locations for the purpose of determining specific development drilling sites, clearing ground, draining, road building, and
	relocating public roads, gas lines, and power lines, to the extent necessary in developing the proved reserves.








	(ii)


	Drill and equip development wells, development-type stratigraphic test wells,
	and service wells, including the costs of platforms and of well equipment such as casing, tubing, pumping equipment, and the wellhead
	assembly.








	(iii)


	Acquire, construct, and install production facilities such as lease flow
	lines, separators, treaters, heaters, manifolds, measuring devices, and production storage tanks, natural gas cycling and processing
	plants, and central utility and waste disposal systems.








	(iv)


	Provide improved recovery systems.




	 


	(8)

	Development project

	. A development
	project is the means by which petroleum resources are brought to the status of economically producible. As examples, the development
	of a single reservoir or field, an incremental development in a producing field, or the integrated development of a group of several
	fields and associated facilities with a common ownership may constitute a development project.


	 


	(9)

	Development well

	. A well drilled
	within the proved area of an oil or gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive.


	 


	(10)

	Economically producible

	. The
	term economically producible, as it relates to a resource, means a resource which generates revenue that exceeds, or is reasonably
	expected to exceed, the costs of the operation. The value of the products that generate revenue shall be determined at the terminal
	point of oil and gas producing activities as defined in paragraph (a)(16) of this section.


	 


	(11)

	Estimated ultimate recovery (EUR)

	.
	Estimated ultimate recovery is the sum of reserves remaining as of a given date and cumulative production as of that date.


	 


	(12)

	Exploration costs

	. Costs incurred
	in identifying areas that may warrant examination and in examining specific areas that are considered to have prospects of containing
	oil and gas reserves, including costs of drilling exploratory wells and exploratory-type stratigraphic test wells. Exploration
	costs may be incurred both before acquiring the related property (sometimes referred to in part as prospecting costs) and after
	acquiring the property. Principal types of exploration costs, which include depreciation and applicable operating costs of support
	equipment and facilities and other costs of exploration activities, are:


	 






	(i)


	Costs of topographical, geographical and geophysical studies, rights of
	access to properties to conduct those studies, and salaries and other expenses of geologists, geophysical crews, and others conducting
	those studies. Collectively, these are sometimes referred to as geological and geophysical or "G&G" costs.








	(ii)


	Costs of carrying and retaining undeveloped properties, such as delay rentals,
	ad valorem taxes on properties, legal costs for title defense, and the maintenance of land and lease records.








	(iii)


	Dry hole contributions and bottom hole contributions.








	(iv)


	Costs of drilling and equipping exploratory wells.








	(v)


	Costs of drilling exploratory-type stratigraphic test wells.




	 


	(13)

	Exploratory well

	. An exploratory
	well is a well drilled to find a new field or to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of oil or gas
	in another reservoir. Generally, an exploratory well is any well that is not a development well, an extension well, a service well,
	or a stratigraphic test well as those items are defined in this section.


	 


	(14)

	Extension well

	. An extension
	well is a well drilled to extend the limits of a known reservoir.


	 


	(15)

	Field

	. An area consisting of
	a single reservoir or multiple reservoirs all grouped on or related to the same individual geological structural feature and/or
	stratigraphic condition. There may be two or more reservoirs in a field which are separated vertically by intervening impervious
	strata, or laterally by local geologic barriers, or by both. Reservoirs that are associated by being in overlapping or adjacent
	fields may be treated as a single or common operational field. The geological terms "structural feature" and "stratigraphic
	condition" are intended to identify localized geological features as opposed to the broader terms of basins, trends, provinces,
	plays, areas-of-interest, etc.


	 






	 





	 




	 


	(16)

	Oil and gas producing activities.



	 






	(i)


	Oil and gas producing activities include:




	 






	(A)


	The search for crude oil, including condensate and natural gas liquids, or
	natural gas ("oil and gas") in their natural states and original locations;








	(B)


	The acquisition of property rights or properties for the purpose of further
	exploration or for the purpose of removing the oil or gas from such properties;








	(C)


	The construction, drilling, and production activities necessary to retrieve
	oil and gas from their natural reservoirs, including the acquisition, construction, installation, and maintenance of field gathering
	and storage systems, such as:









	(1)



	Lifting the oil and gas to the surface; and









	(2)



	Gathering, treating, and field processing (as in the case of processing
	gas to extract liquid hydrocarbons); and








	(D)


	Extraction of saleable hydrocarbons, in the solid, liquid, or gaseous state,
	from oil sands, shale, coalbeds, or other nonrenewable natural resources which are intended to be upgraded into synthetic oil or
	gas, and activities undertaken with a view to such extraction.




	 



	Instruction 1 to paragraph
	(a)(16)(i)

	: The oil and gas production function shall be regarded as ending at a "terminal point", which is the outlet
	valve on the lease or field storage tank. If unusual physical or operational circumstances exist, it may be appropriate to regard
	the terminal point for the production function as:


	 






	a.


	The first point at which oil, gas, or gas liquids, natural or synthetic,
	are delivered to a main pipeline, a common carrier, a refinery, or a marine terminal; and








	b.


	In the case of natural resources that are intended to be upgraded into synthetic
	oil or gas, if those natural resources are delivered to a purchaser prior to upgrading, the first point at which the natural resources
	are delivered to a main pipeline, a common carrier, a refinery, a marine terminal, or a facility which upgrades such natural resources
	into synthetic oil or gas.




	 



	Instruction 2 to paragraph
	(a)(16)(i):

	For purposes of this paragraph (a)(16), the term

	saleable hydrocarbons

	means hydrocarbons that are saleable
	in the state in which the hydrocarbons are delivered.


	 






	(ii)


	Oil and gas producing activities do not include:




	 






	(A)


	Transporting, refining, or marketing oil and gas;








	(B)


	Processing of produced oil, gas, or natural resources that can be upgraded
	into synthetic oil or gas by a registrant that does not have the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in such production;








	(C)


	Activities relating to the production of natural resources other than oil,
	gas, or natural resources from which synthetic oil and gas can be extracted; or








	(D)


	Production of geothermal steam.




	 


	(17)

	Possible reserves.

	Possible
	reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than probable reserves.


	 






	(i)


	When deterministic methods are used, the total quantities ultimately recovered
	from a project have a low probability of exceeding proved plus probable plus possible reserves. When probabilistic methods are
	used, there should be at least a 10% probability that the total quantities ultimately recovered will equal or exceed the proved
	plus probable plus possible reserves estimates.








	(ii)


	Possible reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent to probable
	reserves where data control and interpretations of available data are progressively less certain. Frequently, this will be in areas
	where geoscience and engineering data are unable to define clearly the area and vertical limits of commercial production from the
	reservoir by a defined project.




	 






	 





	 




	 






	(iii)


	Possible reserves also include incremental quantities associated with a
	greater percentage recovery of the hydrocarbons in place than the recovery quantities assumed for probable reserves.








	(iv)


	The proved plus probable and proved plus probable plus possible reserves
	estimates must be based on reasonable alternative technical and commercial interpretations within the reservoir or subject project
	that are clearly documented, including comparisons to results in successful similar projects.








	(v)


	Possible reserves may be assigned where geoscience and engineering data
	identify directly adjacent portions of a reservoir within the same accumulation that may be separated from proved areas by faults
	with displacement less than formation thickness or other geological discontinuities and that have not been penetrated by a wellbore,
	and the registrant believes that such adjacent portions are in communication with the known (proved) reservoir. Possible reserves
	may be assigned to areas that are structurally higher or lower than the proved area if these areas are in communication with the
	proved reservoir.








	(vi)


	Pursuant to paragraph (a)(22)(iii) of this section, where direct observation
	has defined a highest known oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap, proved oil reserves should
	be assigned in the structurally higher portions of the reservoir above the HKO only if the higher contact can be established with
	reasonable certainty through reliable technology. Portions of the reservoir that do not meet this reasonable certainty criterion
	may be assigned as probable and possible oil or gas based on reservoir fluid properties and pressure gradient interpretations.




	 


	(18)

	Probable reserves.

	Probable
	reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves but which, together with proved
	reserves, are as likely as not to be recovered.


	 






	(i)


	When deterministic methods are used, it is as likely as not that actual
	remaining quantities recovered will exceed the sum of estimated proved plus probable reserves. When probabilistic methods are used,
	there should be at least a 50% probability that the actual quantities recovered will equal or exceed the proved plus probable reserves
	estimates.








	(ii)


	Probable reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent to proved
	reserves where data control or interpretations of available data are less certain, even if the interpreted reservoir continuity
	of structure or productivity does not meet the reasonable certainty criterion. Probable reserves may be assigned to areas that
	are structurally higher than the proved area if these areas are in communication with the proved reservoir.








	(iii)


	Probable reserves estimates also include potential incremental quantities
	associated with a greater percentage recovery of the hydrocarbons in place than assumed for proved reserves.








	(iv)


	See also guidelines in paragraphs (a)(17)(iv) and (a)(17)(vi) of this section.




	 


	(19)

	Probabilistic estimate.

	The
	method of estimation of reserves or resources is called probabilistic when the full range of values that could reasonably occur
	for each unknown parameter (from the geoscience and engineering data) is used to generate a full range of possible outcomes and
	their associated probabilities of occurrence.


	 


	(20)

	Production costs.



	 






	(i)


	Costs incurred to operate and maintain wells and related equipment and facilities,
	including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities and other costs of operating and maintaining
	those wells and related equipment and facilities. They become part of the cost of oil and gas produced. Examples of production
	costs (sometimes called lifting costs) are:




	 






	(A)


	Costs of labor to operate the wells and related equipment and facilities.








	(B)


	Repairs and maintenance.








	(C)


	Materials, supplies, and fuel consumed and supplies utilized in operating
	the wells and related equipment and facilities.








	(D)


	Property taxes and insurance applicable to proved properties and wells and
	related equipment and facilities.








	(E)


	Severance taxes.




	 






	(ii)


	Some support equipment or facilities may serve two or more oil and gas producing
	activities and may also serve transportation, refining, and marketing activities. To the extent that the support equipment and
	facilities are used in oil and gas producing activities, their depreciation and applicable operating costs become exploration,
	development or production costs, as appropriate. Depreciation, depletion, and amortization of capitalized acquisition, exploration,
	and development costs are not production costs but also become part of the cost of oil and gas produced along with production (lifting)
	costs identified above.




	 






	 





	 




	 


	(21)

	Proved area.

	The part of a
	property to which proved reserves have been specifically attributed.


	 


	(22)

	Proved oil and gas reserves.

	Proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be
	estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible—from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under
	existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations—prior to the time at which contracts providing
	the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic
	or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator
	must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time.


	 






	(i)


	The area of the reservoir considered as proved includes:




	 






	(A)


	The area identified by drilling and limited by fluid contacts, if any, and








	(B)


	Adjacent undrilled portions of the reservoir that can, with reasonable certainty,
	be judged to be continuous with it and to contain economically producible oil or gas on the basis of available geoscience and engineering
	data.




	 






	(ii)


	In the absence of data on fluid contacts, proved quantities in a reservoir
	are limited by the lowest known hydrocarbons (LKH) as seen in a well penetration unless geoscience, engineering, or performance
	data and reliable technology establishes a lower contact with reasonable certainty.








	(iii)


	Where direct observation from well penetrations has defined a highest known
	oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap, proved oil reserves may be assigned in the structurally
	higher portions of the reservoir only if geoscience, engineering, or performance data and reliable technology establish the higher
	contact with reasonable certainty.








	(iv)


	Reserves which can be produced economically through application of improved
	recovery techniques (including, but not limited to, fluid injection) are included in the proved classification when:




	 






	(A)


	Successful testing by a pilot project in an area of the reservoir with properties
	no more favorable than in the reservoir as a whole, the operation of an installed program in the reservoir or an analogous reservoir,
	or other evidence using reliable technology establishes the reasonable certainty of the engineering analysis on which the project
	or program was based; and








	(B)


	The project has been approved for development by all necessary parties and
	entities, including governmental entities.




	 






	(v)


	Existing economic conditions include prices and costs at which economic
	producibility from a reservoir is to be determined. The price shall be the average price during the 12-month period prior to the
	ending date of the period covered by the report, determined as an unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price
	for each month within such period, unless prices are defined by contractual arrangements, excluding escalations based upon future
	conditions.




	 


	(23)

	Proved properties.

	Properties
	with proved reserves.


	 


	(24)

	Reasonable certainty.

	If deterministic
	methods are used, reasonable certainty means a high degree of confidence that the quantities will be recovered. If probabilistic
	methods are used, there should be at least a 90% probability that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed the estimate.
	A high degree of confidence exists if the quantity is much more likely to be achieved than not, and, as changes due to increased
	availability of geoscience (geological, geophysical, and geochemical), engineering, and economic data are made to estimated ultimate
	recovery (EUR) with time, reasonably certain EUR is much more likely to increase or remain constant than to decrease.


	 






	 





	 




	 


	(25)

	Reliable technology.

	Reliable
	technology is a grouping of one or more technologies (including computational methods) that has been field tested and has been
	demonstrated to provide reasonably certain results with consistency and repeatability in the formation being evaluated or in an
	analogous formation.


	 


	(26)

	Reserves.

	Reserves are estimated
	remaining quantities of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of a given date, by application
	of development projects to known accumulations. In addition, there must exist, or there must be a reasonable expectation that there
	will exist, the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in the production, installed means of delivering oil and gas or related
	substances to market, and all permits and financing required to implement the project.


	 



	Note to paragraph (a)(26)

	: Reserves
	should not be assigned to adjacent reservoirs isolated by major, potentially sealing, faults until those reservoirs are penetrated
	and evaluated as economically producible. Reserves should not be assigned to areas that are clearly separated from a known accumulation
	by a non-productive reservoir (i.e., absence of reservoir, structurally low reservoir, or negative test results). Such areas may
	contain prospective resources (i.e., potentially recoverable resources from undiscovered accumulations).


	 





	 


	Excerpted from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 932, Extractive Activities—Oil and
	Gas:

	932-235-50-30 A standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to an entity's interests in both of the following
	shall be disclosed as of the end of the year:


	 






	a.


	Proved oil and gas reserves (see paragraphs 932-235-50-3
	through 50-11B)








	b.


	Oil and gas subject to purchase under long-term supply,
	purchase, or similar agreements and contracts in which the entity participates in the operation of the properties on which the
	oil or gas is located or otherwise serves as the producer of those reserves (see paragraph 932-235-50-7).




	 


	The standardized measure of discounted
	future net cash flows relating to those two types of interests in reserves may be combined for reporting purposes.


	932-235-50-31 All of the following
	information shall be disclosed in the aggregate and for each geographic area for which reserve quantities are disclosed in accordance
	with paragraphs 932-235-50-3 through 50-11B:


	 






	a.


	Future cash inflows. These shall be computed by applying
	prices used in estimating the entity's proved oil and gas reserves to the year-end quantities of those reserves. Future price
	changes shall be considered only to the extent provided by contractual arrangements in existence at year-end.








	b.


	Future development and production costs. These costs
	shall be computed by estimating the expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing the proved oil and gas reserves at
	the end of the year, based on year-end costs and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. If estimated development
	expenditures are significant, they shall be presented separately from estimated production costs.








	c.


	Future income tax expenses. These expenses shall be computed
	by applying the appropriate year-end statutory tax rates, with consideration of future tax rates already legislated, to the future
	pretax net cash flows relating to the entity's proved oil and gas reserves, less the tax basis of the properties involved. The
	future income tax expenses shall give effect to tax deductions and tax credits and allowances relating to the entity's proved
	oil and gas reserves.








	d.


	Future net cash flows. These amounts are the result of
	subtracting future development and production costs and future income tax expenses from future cash inflows.








	e.


	Discount. This amount shall be derived from using a discount
	rate of 10 percent a year to reflect the timing of the future net cash flows relating to proved oil and gas reserves.








	f.


	Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows.
	This amount is the future net cash flows less the computed discount.




	 



	 


	(27)

	Reservoir.

	A porous and permeable
	underground formation containing a natural accumulation of producible oil and/or gas that is confined by impermeable rock or water
	barriers and is individual and separate from other reservoirs.


	 


	(28)

	Resources.

	Resources are quantities
	of oil and gas estimated to exist in naturally occurring accumulations. A portion of the resources may be estimated to be recoverable,
	and another portion may be considered to be unrecoverable. Resources include both discovered and undiscovered accumulations.


	 






	 





	 




	 


	(29)

	Service well.

	A well drilled
	or completed for the purpose of supporting production in an existing field. Specific purposes of service wells include gas injection,
	water injection, steam injection, air injection, salt-water disposal, water supply for injection, observation, or injection for
	in-situ combustion.


	 


	(30)

	Stratigraphic test well.

	A
	stratigraphic test well is a drilling effort, geologically directed, to obtain information pertaining to a specific geologic condition.
	Such wells customarily are drilled without the intent of being completed for hydrocarbon production. The classification also includes
	tests identified as core tests and all types of expendable holes related to hydrocarbon exploration. Stratigraphic tests are classified
	as "exploratory type" if not drilled in a known area or "development type" if drilled in a known area.


	 


	(31)

	Undeveloped oil and gas reserves.

	Undeveloped oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage,
	or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion.


	 






	(i)


	Reserves on undrilled acreage shall be limited to those directly offsetting
	development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled, unless evidence using reliable technology exists
	that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances.








	(ii)


	Undrilled locations can be classified as having undeveloped reserves only
	if a development plan has been adopted indicating that they are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless the specific
	circumstances, justify a longer time.




	 



	 





	From the SEC's Compliance and Disclosure
	Interpretations (October 26, 2009):




	 




	Although several types of projects —
	such as constructing offshore platforms and development in urban areas, remote locations or environmentally sensitive locations
	— by their nature customarily take a longer time to develop and therefore often do justify longer time periods, this determination
	must always take into consideration all of the facts and circumstances. No particular type of project per se justifies a longer
	time period, and any extension beyond five years should be the exception, and not the rule.



	 



	Factors that a company should consider in determining whether
	or not circumstances justify recognizing reserves even though development may extend past five years include, but are not limited
	to, the following:



	 









	Ÿ



	The company's level of ongoing significant development
	activities in the area to be developed (for example, drilling only the minimum number of wells necessary to maintain the lease
	generally would not constitute significant development activities);









	Ÿ



	The company's historical record at completing development
	of comparable long-term projects;









	Ÿ



	The amount of time in which the company has maintained
	the leases, or booked the reserves, without significant development activities;









	Ÿ



	The extent to which the company has followed a previously
	adopted development plan (for example, if a company has changed its development plan several times without taking significant
	steps to implement any of those plans, recognizing proved undeveloped reserves typically would not be appropriate); and









	Ÿ



	The extent to which delays in development are caused
	by external factors related to the physical operating environment (for example, restrictions on development on Federal lands,
	but not obtaining government permits), rather than by internal factors (for example, shifting resources to develop properties
	with higher priority).




	 



	 








	(iii)


	Under no circumstances shall estimates for undeveloped reserves be attributable
	to any acreage for which an application of fluid injection or other improved recovery technique is contemplated, unless such techniques
	have been proved effective by actual projects in the same reservoir or an analogous reservoir, as defined in paragraph (a)(2) of
	this section, or by other evidence using reliable technology establishing reasonable certainty.




	 


	(32)

	Unproved properties.

	Properties
	with no proved reserves.


	 






	 












	 



	Exhibit 99.3



	 


Click to enlarge
	 


	 




	May 10, 2017


	 




	Mr. Hugh Menown


	Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc.


	1021 Main Street, Suite 2626


	Houston, Texas 77002


	 


	Dear Mr. Menown:


	 


	In accordance with your request, we have
	prepared a price sensitivity to our report dated May 9, 2017, which sets forth our estimates of reserves and future revenue, as
	of March 31, 2017, to the Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. (Energy XXI) interest in certain oil and gas properties located in Louisiana,
	Texas, and federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico. The estimates in the May 9 report were prepared in accordance with the definitions
	and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and conform to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
	Topic 932,


	Extractive Activities



	—

	Oil
	and Gas, except that future income taxes are excluded for all properties and, as requested, corporate-level overhead expenses are
	excluded for the operated properties.


	The differences between the estimates of reserves and revenue in the May 9 and
	this report are due to changes in price parameters only. With the exception of these changes, we completed our evaluation on or
	about May 9, 2017. This report has been prepared using price and cost parameters specified by Energy XXI, referred to as the Strip
	Price Sensitivity Case, as discussed in the subsequent paragraphs of this letter. This report has been prepared for Energy XXI's
	use in filing with the SEC as a sensitivity; in our opinion the assumptions, data, methods, and procedures used in the preparation
	of this report are appropriate for such purpose. For your reference, the SEC definitions are presented immediately following this
	letter.


	 


	We estimate the net reserves and future
	net revenue to the Energy XXI interest in these properties, as of March 31, 2017, to be:


	 






	 


	 


	Net Reserves


	 


	 


	Future Net Revenue

	(1)

	(M$)


	 




	 


	 


	Oil


	 


	 


	NGL


	 


	 


	Gas


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Present Worth


	 




	Category


	 


	(MBBL)


	 


	 


	(MBBL)


	 


	 


	(MMCF)


	 


	 


	Total


	 


	 


	at 10%


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Proved Developed Producing


	 


	 


	53,815.9


	 


	 


	 


	890.4


	 


	 


	 


	56,115.2


	 


	 


	 


	-645,004.2


	 


	 


	 


	-13,216.2


	 




	Proved Developed Non-Producing


	 


	 


	9,730.3


	 


	 


	 


	914.9


	 


	 


	 


	34,791.5


	 


	 


	 


	260,606.0


	 


	 


	 


	133,907.8


	 




	Proved Undeveloped


	 


	 


	27,501.8


	 


	 


	 


	468.5


	 


	 


	 


	31,086.7


	 


	 


	 


	772,632.6


	 


	 


	 


	278,364.9


	 




	Total Proved


	 


	 


	91,048.0


	 


	 


	 


	2,273.8


	 


	 


	 


	121,993.4


	 


	 


	 


	388,234.3


	 


	 


	 


	399,056.6


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Probable Developed


	 


	 


	12,479.3


	 


	 


	 


	1,101.7


	 


	 


	 


	51,404.8


	 


	 


	 


	272,436.6


	 


	 


	 


	240,218.0


	 




	Probable Undeveloped


	 


	 


	35,238.6


	 


	 


	 


	375.7


	 


	 


	 


	73,367.0


	 


	 


	 


	1,360,058.5


	 


	 


	 


	509,548.8


	 




	Total Probable


	 


	 


	47,717.9


	 


	 


	 


	1,477.4


	 


	 


	 


	124,771.8


	 


	 


	 


	1,632,494.6


	 


	 


	 


	749,767.0


	 





	 


	Totals may not add because of rounding.


	 







	(1)



	Future net revenue is after deducting estimated abandonment costs.




	 


	The oil volumes shown include crude oil
	and condensate. Oil and natural gas liquids (NGL) volumes are expressed in thousands of barrels (MBBL); a barrel is equivalent
	to 42 United States gallons. Gas volumes are expressed in millions of cubic feet (MMCF) at standard temperature and pressure bases.


	 


	The estimates shown in this report are
	for proved and probable reserves. As requested, possible reserves that exist for these properties have not been included. This
	report does not include any value that could be attributed to interests in undeveloped acreage beyond those tracts for which undeveloped
	reserves have been estimated. Reserves categorization conveys the relative degree of certainty; reserves subcategorization is based
	on development and production status. The estimates of reserves and future revenue included herein have not been adjusted for risk.


	 


Click to enlarge
	 


	 






	 





	 




	 


Click to enlarge
	 


	 


	Gross revenue is Energy XXI's share of
	the gross (100 percent) revenue from the properties prior to any deductions. Future net revenue is after deductions for Energy
	XXI's share of production taxes, capital costs, abandonment costs, and operating expenses but before consideration of any income
	taxes. The future net revenue has been discounted at an annual rate of 10 percent to determine its present worth, which is shown
	to indicate the effect of time on the value of money. Future net revenue presented in this report, whether discounted or undiscounted,
	should not be construed as being the fair market value of the properties.


	 


	As requested, this report has been prepared
	using oil, NGL, and gas price parameters specified by Energy XXI. Oil and NGL prices are based on NYMEX West Texas Intermediate
	prices and are adjusted by field for quality, transportation fees, and market differentials. Gas prices are based on NYMEX Henry
	Hub prices and are adjusted by field for energy content, transportation fees, and market differentials. For the proved reserves,
	the average initial prices, after adjustments, are $49.95 per barrel of oil, $24.14 per barrel of NGL, and $3.122 per MCF of gas.
	For the proved reserves, the average adjusted product prices weighted by production over the remaining lives of the properties
	are $51.04 per barrel of oil, $25.92 per barrel of NGL, and $2.756 per MCF of gas. All prices, before adjustments, are shown in
	the following table:


	 






	Period


	 


	Oil/NGL Price


	 


	Gas Price




	Ending


	 


	($/Barrel)


	 


	($/MMBTU)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	12-31-2017


	 


	51.58


	 


	3.325




	12-31-2018


	 


	51.90


	 


	3.034




	12-31-2019


	 


	51.37


	 


	2.833




	12-31-2020


	 


	51.39


	 


	2.821




	12-31-2021


	 


	51.98


	 


	2.832




	Thereafter


	 


	52.98


	 


	2.842





	 


	Operating costs used in this report are
	based on operating expense records of Energy XXI. For the nonoperated properties, these costs include the per-well overhead expenses
	allowed under joint operating agreements along with estimates of costs to be incurred at and below the district and field levels.
	As requested, operating costs for the operated properties include only direct lease- and field-level costs. Operating costs have
	been divided into field-level costs, per-well costs, and per-unit-of-production costs. For all properties, headquarters general
	and administrative overhead expenses of Energy XXI are not included. Operating costs are not escalated for inflation.


	 


	Capital costs used in this report were
	provided by Energy XXI and are based on authorizations for expenditure and actual costs from recent activity. Capital costs are
	included as required for workovers, new development wells, and production equipment. Based on our understanding of future development
	plans, a review of the records provided to us, and our knowledge of similar properties, we regard these estimated capital costs
	to be reasonable. Abandonment costs used in this report are Energy XXI's estimates of the costs to abandon the wells, platforms,
	and production facilities, net of any salvage value. Capital costs and abandonment costs are not escalated for inflation.


	 


	For the purposes of this report, we did
	not perform any field inspection of the properties, nor did we examine the mechanical operation or condition of the wells and facilities.
	We have not investigated possible environmental liability related to the properties; therefore, our estimates do not include any
	costs due to such possible liability.


	 


	We have made no investigation of potential
	volume and value imbalances resulting from overdelivery or underdelivery to the Energy XXI interest. Therefore, our estimates of
	reserves and future revenue do not include adjustments for the settlement of any such imbalances; our projections are based on
	Energy XXI receiving its net revenue interest share of estimated future gross production. Additionally, we have made no investigation
	of any firm transportation contracts that may be in place for these properties; no adjustments have been made to our estimates
	of future revenue to account for such contracts.


	 


	The reserves shown in this report are estimates
	only and should not be construed as exact quantities. Proved reserves are those quantities of oil and gas which, by analysis of
	engineering and geoscience data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible; probable and possible
	reserves are those additional reserves which are sequentially less certain to be recovered than proved reserves. Estimates of reserves
	may increase or decrease as a result of market conditions, future operations, changes in regulations, or actual reservoir performance.
	In addition to the primary economic assumptions discussed herein, our estimates are based on certain assumptions including, but
	not limited to, that the properties will be developed consistent with current development plans as provided to us by Energy XXI,
	that the properties will be operated in a prudent manner, that no governmental regulations or controls will be put in place that
	would impact the ability of the interest owner to recover the reserves, and that our projections of future production will prove
	consistent with actual performance. If the reserves are recovered, the revenues therefrom and the costs related thereto could be
	more or less than the estimated amounts. Because of governmental policies and uncertainties of supply and demand, the sales rates,
	prices received for the reserves, and costs incurred in recovering such reserves may vary from assumptions made while preparing
	this report.


	 






	 





	 




	 


Click to enlarge
	 


	 


	For the purposes of this report, we used
	technical and economic data including, but not limited to, well logs, geologic maps, seismic data, well test data, production data,
	historical price and cost information, and property ownership interests. The reserves in this report have been estimated using
	deterministic methods; these estimates have been prepared in accordance with the Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing
	of Oil and Gas Reserves Information promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE Standards). We used standard engineering
	and geoscience methods, or a combination of methods, including performance analysis, volumetric analysis, analogy, and reservoir
	modeling, that we considered to be appropriate and necessary to categorize and estimate reserves in accordance with SEC definitions
	and regulations. As in all aspects of oil and gas evaluation, there are uncertainties inherent in the interpretation of engineering
	and geoscience data; therefore, our conclusions necessarily represent only informed professional judgment.


	 


	The data used in our estimates were obtained
	from Energy XXI, public data sources, and the nonconfidential files of Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc. (NSAI) and were
	accepted as accurate. Supporting work data are on file in our office. We have not examined the titles to the properties or independently
	confirmed the actual degree or type of interest owned. The technical persons primarily responsible for preparing the estimates
	presented herein meet the requirements regarding qualifications, independence, objectivity, and confidentiality set forth in the
	SPE Standards. Connor B. Riseden, a Licensed Professional Engineer in the State of Texas, has been practicing consulting petroleum
	engineering at NSAI since 2006 and has over 4 years of prior industry experience. Shane M. Howell, a Licensed Professional Geoscientist
	in the State of Texas, has been practicing consulting petroleum geoscience at NSAI since 2005 and has over 7 years of prior industry
	experience. We are independent petroleum engineers, geologists, geophysicists, and petrophysicists; we do not own an interest in
	these properties nor are we employed on a contingent basis.


	 






	 


	 


	 



	Sincerely,





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 




	NETHERLAND, SEWELL & ASSOCIATES, INC.






	 


	 


	 



	Texas Registered Engineering Firm F-2699





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 



	By:




	/s/ C.H. (Scott) Rees III





	 


	 


	 


	 



	C.H. (Scott) Rees III, P.E.





	 


	 


	 


	 



	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	 By:




	/s/ Connor B. Riseden



	 



	By:




	/s/ Shane M. Howell





	 



	Connor B. Riseden, P.E. 100566



	 


	 



	Shane M. Howell, P.G. 11276





	 



	Vice President



	 


	 



	Vice President





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Date Signed: May 10, 2017



	 



	Date Signed: May 10, 2017







	 


	CBR:SAO


	 







	Please be advised that the digital document you are viewing is provided by Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc. (NSAI) as a convenience to our clients. The digital document is intended to be substantively the same as the original signed document maintained by NSAI. The digital document is subject to the parameters, limitations, and conditions stated in the original document. In the event of any differences between the digital document and the original document, the original document shall control and supersede the digital document.







	 






	 





	 




	 


	The following definitions are set forth
	in U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a). Also included is supplemental information
	from (1) the 2007 Petroleum Resources Management System approved by the Society of Petroleum Engineers, (2) the FASB Accounting
	Standards Codification Topic 932, Extractive Activities—Oil and Gas, and (3) the SEC's Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations.


	 


	(1)

	Acquisition of properties.

	Costs
	incurred to purchase, lease or otherwise acquire a property, including costs of lease bonuses and options to purchase or lease
	properties, the portion of costs applicable to minerals when land including mineral rights is purchased in fee, brokers' fees,
	recording fees, legal costs, and other costs incurred in acquiring properties.


	 


	(2)

	Analogous reservoir

	. Analogous
	reservoirs, as used in resources assessments, have similar rock and fluid properties, reservoir conditions (depth, temperature,
	and pressure) and drive mechanisms, but are typically at a more advanced stage of development than the reservoir of interest and
	thus may provide concepts to assist in the interpretation of more limited data and estimation of recovery. When used to support
	proved reserves, an "analogous reservoir" refers to a reservoir that shares the following characteristics with the reservoir
	of interest:


	 






	(i)


	Same geological formation (but not necessarily in pressure communication
	with the reservoir of interest);








	(ii)


	Same environment of deposition;








	(iii)


	Similar geological structure; and








	(iv)


	Same drive mechanism.




	 



	Instruction to paragraph (a)(2)

	:
	Reservoir properties must, in the aggregate, be no more favorable in the analog than in the reservoir of interest.


	 


	(3)

	Bitumen

	. Bitumen, sometimes
	referred to as natural bitumen, is petroleum in a solid or semi-solid state in natural deposits with a viscosity greater than 10,000
	centipoise measured at original temperature in the deposit and atmospheric pressure, on a gas free basis. In its natural state
	it usually contains sulfur, metals, and other non-hydrocarbons.


	 


	(4)

	Condensate

	. Condensate is a
	mixture of hydrocarbons that exists in the gaseous phase at original reservoir temperature and pressure, but that, when produced,
	is in the liquid phase at surface pressure and temperature.


	 


	(5)

	Deterministic estimate

	. The
	method of estimating reserves or resources is called deterministic when a single value for each parameter (from the geoscience,
	engineering, or economic data) in the reserves calculation is used in the reserves estimation procedure.


	 


	(6)

	Developed oil and gas reserves

	.
	Developed oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that can be expected to be recovered:


	 






	(i)


	Through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or
	in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well; and








	(ii)


	Through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at
	the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well.




	 








	Supplemental definitions from the 2007 Petroleum Resources
	Management System:




	 




	Developed Producing Reserves – Developed Producing
	Reserves are expected to be recovered from completion intervals that are open and producing at the time of the estimate. Improved
	recovery reserves are considered producing only after the improved recovery project is in operation.




	 




	Developed Non-Producing Reserves – Developed Non-Producing
	Reserves include shut-in and behind-pipe Reserves. Shut-in Reserves are expected to be recovered from (1) completion intervals
	which are open at the time of the estimate but which have not yet started producing, (2) wells which were shut-in for market conditions
	or pipeline connections, or (3) wells not capable of production for mechanical reasons. Behind-pipe Reserves are expected to be
	recovered from zones in existing wells which will require additional completion work or future recompletion prior to start of production.
	In all cases, production can be initiated or restored with relatively low expenditure compared to the cost of drilling a new well.








	 


	(7)

	Development costs.

	Costs incurred
	to obtain access to proved reserves and to provide facilities for extracting, treating, gathering and storing the oil and gas.
	More specifically, development costs, including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities
	and other costs of development activities, are costs incurred to:


	 






	 





	 




	 






	(i)


	Gain access to and prepare well locations for drilling, including surveying
	well locations for the purpose of determining specific development drilling sites, clearing ground, draining, road building, and
	relocating public roads, gas lines, and power lines, to the extent necessary in developing the proved reserves.








	(ii)


	Drill and equip development wells, development-type stratigraphic test wells,
	and service wells, including the costs of platforms and of well equipment such as casing, tubing, pumping equipment, and the wellhead
	assembly.








	(iii)


	Acquire, construct, and install production facilities such as lease flow
	lines, separators, treaters, heaters, manifolds, measuring devices, and production storage tanks, natural gas cycling and processing
	plants, and central utility and waste disposal systems.








	(iv)


	Provide improved recovery systems.




	 


	(8)

	Development project

	. A development
	project is the means by which petroleum resources are brought to the status of economically producible. As examples, the development
	of a single reservoir or field, an incremental development in a producing field, or the integrated development of a group of several
	fields and associated facilities with a common ownership may constitute a development project.


	 


	(9)

	Development well

	. A well drilled
	within the proved area of an oil or gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive.


	 


	(10)

	Economically producible

	. The
	term economically producible, as it relates to a resource, means a resource which generates revenue that exceeds, or is reasonably
	expected to exceed, the costs of the operation. The value of the products that generate revenue shall be determined at the terminal
	point of oil and gas producing activities as defined in paragraph (a)(16) of this section.


	 


	(11)

	Estimated ultimate recovery (EUR)

	.
	Estimated ultimate recovery is the sum of reserves remaining as of a given date and cumulative production as of that date.


	 


	(12)

	Exploration costs

	. Costs incurred
	in identifying areas that may warrant examination and in examining specific areas that are considered to have prospects of containing
	oil and gas reserves, including costs of drilling exploratory wells and exploratory-type stratigraphic test wells. Exploration
	costs may be incurred both before acquiring the related property (sometimes referred to in part as prospecting costs) and after
	acquiring the property. Principal types of exploration costs, which include depreciation and applicable operating costs of support
	equipment and facilities and other costs of exploration activities, are:


	 






	(i)


	Costs of topographical, geographical and geophysical studies, rights of
	access to properties to conduct those studies, and salaries and other expenses of geologists, geophysical crews, and others conducting
	those studies. Collectively, these are sometimes referred to as geological and geophysical or "G&G" costs.








	(ii)


	Costs of carrying and retaining undeveloped properties, such as delay rentals,
	ad valorem taxes on properties, legal costs for title defense, and the maintenance of land and lease records.








	(iii)


	Dry hole contributions and bottom hole contributions.








	(iv)


	Costs of drilling and equipping exploratory wells.








	(v)


	Costs of drilling exploratory-type stratigraphic test wells.




	 


	(13)

	Exploratory well

	. An exploratory
	well is a well drilled to find a new field or to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of oil or gas
	in another reservoir. Generally, an exploratory well is any well that is not a development well, an extension well, a service well,
	or a stratigraphic test well as those items are defined in this section.


	 


	(14)

	Extension well

	. An extension
	well is a well drilled to extend the limits of a known reservoir.


	 


	(15)

	Field

	. An area consisting of
	a single reservoir or multiple reservoirs all grouped on or related to the same individual geological structural feature and/or
	stratigraphic condition. There may be two or more reservoirs in a field which are separated vertically by intervening impervious
	strata, or laterally by local geologic barriers, or by both. Reservoirs that are associated by being in overlapping or adjacent
	fields may be treated as a single or common operational field. The geological terms "structural feature" and "stratigraphic
	condition" are intended to identify localized geological features as opposed to the broader terms of basins, trends, provinces,
	plays, areas-of-interest, etc.


	 






	 





	 




	 


	(16)

	Oil and gas producing activities.



	 






	(i)


	Oil and gas producing activities include:




	 






	(A)


	The search for crude oil, including condensate and natural gas liquids, or
	natural gas ("oil and gas") in their natural states and original locations;








	(B)


	The acquisition of property rights or properties for the purpose of further
	exploration or for the purpose of removing the oil or gas from such properties;








	(C)


	The construction, drilling, and production activities necessary to retrieve
	oil and gas from their natural reservoirs, including the acquisition, construction, installation, and maintenance of field gathering
	and storage systems, such as:









	(1)



	Lifting the oil and gas to the surface; and









	(2)



	Gathering, treating, and field processing (as in the case of processing
	gas to extract liquid hydrocarbons); and








	(D)


	Extraction of saleable hydrocarbons, in the solid, liquid, or gaseous state,
	from oil sands, shale, coalbeds, or other nonrenewable natural resources which are intended to be upgraded into synthetic oil or
	gas, and activities undertaken with a view to such extraction.




	 



	Instruction 1 to paragraph
	(a)(16)(i)

	: The oil and gas production function shall be regarded as ending at a "terminal point", which is the outlet
	valve on the lease or field storage tank. If unusual physical or operational circumstances exist, it may be appropriate to regard
	the terminal point for the production function as:


	 






	a.


	The first point at which oil, gas, or gas liquids, natural or synthetic,
	are delivered to a main pipeline, a common carrier, a refinery, or a marine terminal; and








	b.


	In the case of natural resources that are intended to be upgraded into synthetic
	oil or gas, if those natural resources are delivered to a purchaser prior to upgrading, the first point at which the natural resources
	are delivered to a main pipeline, a common carrier, a refinery, a marine terminal, or a facility which upgrades such natural resources
	into synthetic oil or gas.




	 



	Instruction 2 to paragraph
	(a)(16)(i):

	For purposes of this paragraph (a)(16), the term

	saleable hydrocarbons

	means hydrocarbons that are saleable
	in the state in which the hydrocarbons are delivered.


	 






	(ii)


	Oil and gas producing activities do not include:




	 






	(A)


	Transporting, refining, or marketing oil and gas;








	(B)


	Processing of produced oil, gas, or natural resources that can be upgraded
	into synthetic oil or gas by a registrant that does not have the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in such production;








	(C)


	Activities relating to the production of natural resources other than oil,
	gas, or natural resources from which synthetic oil and gas can be extracted; or








	(D)


	Production of geothermal steam.




	 


	(17)

	Possible reserves.

	Possible
	reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than probable reserves.


	 






	(i)


	When deterministic methods are used, the total quantities ultimately recovered
	from a project have a low probability of exceeding proved plus probable plus possible reserves. When probabilistic methods are
	used, there should be at least a 10% probability that the total quantities ultimately recovered will equal or exceed the proved
	plus probable plus possible reserves estimates.








	(ii)


	Possible reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent to probable
	reserves where data control and interpretations of available data are progressively less certain. Frequently, this will be in areas
	where geoscience and engineering data are unable to define clearly the area and vertical limits of commercial production from the
	reservoir by a defined project.




	 






	 





	 




	 






	(iii)


	Possible reserves also include incremental quantities associated with a
	greater percentage recovery of the hydrocarbons in place than the recovery quantities assumed for probable reserves.








	(iv)


	The proved plus probable and proved plus probable plus possible reserves
	estimates must be based on reasonable alternative technical and commercial interpretations within the reservoir or subject project
	that are clearly documented, including comparisons to results in successful similar projects.








	(v)


	Possible reserves may be assigned where geoscience and engineering data
	identify directly adjacent portions of a reservoir within the same accumulation that may be separated from proved areas by faults
	with displacement less than formation thickness or other geological discontinuities and that have not been penetrated by a wellbore,
	and the registrant believes that such adjacent portions are in communication with the known (proved) reservoir. Possible reserves
	may be assigned to areas that are structurally higher or lower than the proved area if these areas are in communication with the
	proved reservoir.








	(vi)


	Pursuant to paragraph (a)(22)(iii) of this section, where direct observation
	has defined a highest known oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap, proved oil reserves should
	be assigned in the structurally higher portions of the reservoir above the HKO only if the higher contact can be established with
	reasonable certainty through reliable technology. Portions of the reservoir that do not meet this reasonable certainty criterion
	may be assigned as probable and possible oil or gas based on reservoir fluid properties and pressure gradient interpretations.




	 


	(18)

	Probable reserves.

	Probable
	reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves but which, together with proved
	reserves, are as likely as not to be recovered.


	 






	(i)


	When deterministic methods are used, it is as likely as not that actual
	remaining quantities recovered will exceed the sum of estimated proved plus probable reserves. When probabilistic methods are used,
	there should be at least a 50% probability that the actual quantities recovered will equal or exceed the proved plus probable reserves
	estimates.








	(ii)


	Probable reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent to proved
	reserves where data control or interpretations of available data are less certain, even if the interpreted reservoir continuity
	of structure or productivity does not meet the reasonable certainty criterion. Probable reserves may be assigned to areas that
	are structurally higher than the proved area if these areas are in communication with the proved reservoir.








	(iii)


	Probable reserves estimates also include potential incremental quantities
	associated with a greater percentage recovery of the hydrocarbons in place than assumed for proved reserves.








	(iv)


	See also guidelines in paragraphs (a)(17)(iv) and (a)(17)(vi) of this section.




	 


	(19)

	Probabilistic estimate.

	The
	method of estimation of reserves or resources is called probabilistic when the full range of values that could reasonably occur
	for each unknown parameter (from the geoscience and engineering data) is used to generate a full range of possible outcomes and
	their associated probabilities of occurrence.


	 


	(20)

	Production costs.



	 






	(i)


	Costs incurred to operate and maintain wells and related equipment and facilities,
	including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities and other costs of operating and maintaining
	those wells and related equipment and facilities. They become part of the cost of oil and gas produced. Examples of production
	costs (sometimes called lifting costs) are:




	 






	(A)


	Costs of labor to operate the wells and related equipment and facilities.








	(B)


	Repairs and maintenance.








	(C)


	Materials, supplies, and fuel consumed and supplies utilized in operating
	the wells and related equipment and facilities.








	(D)


	Property taxes and insurance applicable to proved properties and wells and
	related equipment and facilities.








	(E)


	Severance taxes.




	 






	(ii)


	Some support equipment or facilities may serve two or more oil and gas producing
	activities and may also serve transportation, refining, and marketing activities. To the extent that the support equipment and
	facilities are used in oil and gas producing activities, their depreciation and applicable operating costs become exploration,
	development or production costs, as appropriate. Depreciation, depletion, and amortization of capitalized acquisition, exploration,
	and development costs are not production costs but also become part of the cost of oil and gas produced along with production (lifting)
	costs identified above.




	 






	 





	 




	 


	(21)

	Proved area.

	The part of a
	property to which proved reserves have been specifically attributed.


	 


	(22)

	Proved oil and gas reserves.

	Proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be
	estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible—from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under
	existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations—prior to the time at which contracts providing
	the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic
	or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator
	must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time.


	 






	(i)


	The area of the reservoir considered as proved includes:




	 






	(A)


	The area identified by drilling and limited by fluid contacts, if any, and








	(B)


	Adjacent undrilled portions of the reservoir that can, with reasonable certainty,
	be judged to be continuous with it and to contain economically producible oil or gas on the basis of available geoscience and engineering
	data.




	 






	(ii)


	In the absence of data on fluid contacts, proved quantities in a reservoir
	are limited by the lowest known hydrocarbons (LKH) as seen in a well penetration unless geoscience, engineering, or performance
	data and reliable technology establishes a lower contact with reasonable certainty.








	(iii)


	Where direct observation from well penetrations has defined a highest known
	oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap, proved oil reserves may be assigned in the structurally
	higher portions of the reservoir only if geoscience, engineering, or performance data and reliable technology establish the higher
	contact with reasonable certainty.








	(iv)


	Reserves which can be produced economically through application of improved
	recovery techniques (including, but not limited to, fluid injection) are included in the proved classification when:




	 






	(A)


	Successful testing by a pilot project in an area of the reservoir with properties
	no more favorable than in the reservoir as a whole, the operation of an installed program in the reservoir or an analogous reservoir,
	or other evidence using reliable technology establishes the reasonable certainty of the engineering analysis on which the project
	or program was based; and








	(B)


	The project has been approved for development by all necessary parties and
	entities, including governmental entities.




	 






	(v)


	Existing economic conditions include prices and costs at which economic
	producibility from a reservoir is to be determined. The price shall be the average price during the 12-month period prior to the
	ending date of the period covered by the report, determined as an unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price
	for each month within such period, unless prices are defined by contractual arrangements, excluding escalations based upon future
	conditions.




	 


	(23)

	Proved properties.

	Properties
	with proved reserves.


	 


	(24)

	Reasonable certainty.

	If deterministic
	methods are used, reasonable certainty means a high degree of confidence that the quantities will be recovered. If probabilistic
	methods are used, there should be at least a 90% probability that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed the estimate.
	A high degree of confidence exists if the quantity is much more likely to be achieved than not, and, as changes due to increased
	availability of geoscience (geological, geophysical, and geochemical), engineering, and economic data are made to estimated ultimate
	recovery (EUR) with time, reasonably certain EUR is much more likely to increase or remain constant than to decrease.


	 






	 





	 




	 


	(25)

	Reliable technology.

	Reliable
	technology is a grouping of one or more technologies (including computational methods) that has been field tested and has been
	demonstrated to provide reasonably certain results with consistency and repeatability in the formation being evaluated or in an
	analogous formation.


	 


	(26)

	Reserves.

	Reserves are estimated
	remaining quantities of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of a given date, by application
	of development projects to known accumulations. In addition, there must exist, or there must be a reasonable expectation that there
	will exist, the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in the production, installed means of delivering oil and gas or related
	substances to market, and all permits and financing required to implement the project.


	 



	Note to paragraph (a)(26)

	: Reserves
	should not be assigned to adjacent reservoirs isolated by major, potentially sealing, faults until those reservoirs are penetrated
	and evaluated as economically producible. Reserves should not be assigned to areas that are clearly separated from a known accumulation
	by a non-productive reservoir (i.e., absence of reservoir, structurally low reservoir, or negative test results). Such areas may
	contain prospective resources (i.e., potentially recoverable resources from undiscovered accumulations).


	 



	 


	Excerpted from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 932, Extractive Activities—Oil and
	Gas:


	932-235-50-30 A standardized measure
	of discounted future net cash flows relating to an entity's interests in both of the following shall be disclosed as of the end
	of the year:


	 






	a.


	Proved oil and gas reserves (see paragraphs 932-235-50-3 through 50-11B)








	b.


	Oil and gas subject to purchase under long-term supply, purchase, or similar agreements and contracts
	in which the entity participates in the operation of the properties on which the oil or gas is located or otherwise serves as the
	producer of those reserves (see paragraph 932-235-50-7).




	 


	The standardized measure of discounted
	future net cash flows relating to those two types of interests in reserves may be combined for reporting purposes.


	932-235-50-31 All of the following
	information shall be disclosed in the aggregate and for each geographic area for which reserve quantities are disclosed in accordance
	with paragraphs 932-235-50-3 through 50-11B:


	 






	a.


	Future cash inflows. These shall be computed by applying prices used in estimating the entity's
	proved oil and gas reserves to the year-end quantities of those reserves. Future price changes shall be considered only to the
	extent provided by contractual arrangements in existence at year-end.








	b.


	Future development and production costs. These costs shall be computed by estimating the expenditures
	to be incurred in developing and producing the proved oil and gas reserves at the end of the year, based on year-end costs and
	assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. If estimated development expenditures are significant, they shall be presented
	separately from estimated production costs.








	c.


	Future income tax expenses. These expenses shall be computed by applying the appropriate year-end
	statutory tax rates, with consideration of future tax rates already legislated, to the future pretax net cash flows relating to
	the entity's proved oil and gas reserves, less the tax basis of the properties involved. The future income tax expenses shall give
	effect to tax deductions and tax credits and allowances relating to the entity's proved oil and gas reserves.








	d.


	Future net cash flows. These amounts are the result of subtracting future development and production
	costs and future income tax expenses from future cash inflows.








	e.


	Discount. This amount shall be derived from using a discount rate of 10 percent a year to reflect
	the timing of the future net cash flows relating to proved oil and gas reserves.








	f.


	Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows. This amount is the future net cash flows
	less the computed discount.




	 



	 


	(27)

	Reservoir.

	A porous and permeable
	underground formation containing a natural accumulation of producible oil and/or gas that is confined by impermeable rock or water
	barriers and is individual and separate from other reservoirs.


	 


	(28)

	Resources.

	Resources are quantities
	of oil and gas estimated to exist in naturally occurring accumulations. A portion of the resources may be estimated to be recoverable,
	and another portion may be considered to be unrecoverable. Resources include both discovered and undiscovered accumulations.


	 






	 





	 




	 


	(29)

	Service well.

	A well drilled
	or completed for the purpose of supporting production in an existing field. Specific purposes of service wells include gas injection,
	water injection, steam injection, air injection, salt-water disposal, water supply for injection, observation, or injection for
	in-situ combustion.


	 


	(30)

	Stratigraphic test well.

	A
	stratigraphic test well is a drilling effort, geologically directed, to obtain information pertaining to a specific geologic condition.
	Such wells customarily are drilled without the intent of being completed for hydrocarbon production. The classification also includes
	tests identified as core tests and all types of expendable holes related to hydrocarbon exploration. Stratigraphic tests are classified
	as "exploratory type" if not drilled in a known area or "development type" if drilled in a known area.


	 


	(31)

	Undeveloped oil and gas reserves.

	Undeveloped oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage,
	or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion.


	 






	(i)


	Reserves on undrilled acreage shall be limited to those directly offsetting
	development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled, unless evidence using reliable technology exists
	that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances.








	(ii)


	Undrilled locations can be classified as having undeveloped reserves only
	if a development plan has been adopted indicating that they are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless the specific
	circumstances, justify a longer time.




	 



	 


	From the SEC's Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations (October 26, 2009):


	 


	Although several types of projects
	— such as constructing offshore platforms and development in urban areas, remote locations or environmentally sensitive locations
	— by their nature customarily take a longer time to develop and therefore often do justify longer time periods, this determination
	must always take into consideration all of the facts and circumstances. No particular type of project per se justifies a longer
	time period, and any extension beyond five years should be the exception, and not the rule.


	 


	Factors that a company should consider
	in determining whether or not circumstances justify recognizing reserves even though development may extend past five years include,
	but are not limited to, the following:


	 







	Ÿ



	The company's level of ongoing significant development
	activities in the area to be developed (for example, drilling only the minimum number of wells necessary to maintain the lease
	generally would not constitute significant development activities);









	Ÿ



	The company's historical record at completing development
	of comparable long-term projects;









	Ÿ



	The amount of time in which the company has maintained
	the leases, or booked the reserves, without significant development activities;









	Ÿ



	The extent to which the company has followed a previously
	adopted development plan (for example, if a company has changed its development plan several times without taking significant
	steps to implement any of those plans, recognizing proved undeveloped reserves typically would not be appropriate); and









	Ÿ



	The extent to which delays in development are caused
	by external factors related to the physical operating environment (for example, restrictions on development on Federal lands,
	but not obtaining government permits), rather than by internal factors (for example, shifting resources to develop properties
	with higher priority).




	 



	 






	(iii)


	Under no circumstances shall estimates for undeveloped reserves be attributable
	to any acreage for which an application of fluid injection or other improved recovery technique is contemplated, unless such techniques
	have been proved effective by actual projects in the same reservoir or an analogous reservoir, as defined in paragraph (a)(2) of
	this section, or by other evidence using reliable technology establishing reasonable certainty.




	 


	(32)

	Unproved properties.

	Properties
	with no proved reserves.


	 






	 













EnergyXXI Services - Downtown Houston - 1 tip


FoursquareLog InSign UpNearby:Get inspired:Top PicksTrendingFoodCoffeeNightlifeFunShoppingPlanning a trip to Houston?Foursquare can help you find the best places to go to.Find great things to doEnergyXXI ServicesOfficeDowntown Houston, HoustonSaveShareTips 1Photos 3EnergyXXI Services1 Tip and reviewLog in to leave a tip here.PostEric CarterJuly 1, 2013Been here 100+ timesThey seriously need fans in the restrooms here!3 PhotosRelated Searchesenergyxxi services houston  energyxxi services houston photos  energyxxi services houston location  energyxxi services houston address  energyxxi services houston  energyxxi services houston  energyxxi services downtown houston houstonAboutBlogBusinessesCitiesDevelopersHelpJobsCookies (Updated)Privacy (Updated)TermsEnglishEnglish Français Deutsch Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 한국어 Português Русский Español ภาษาไทย Türkçe Cities:AtlantaAustinBostonChicagoDallasDenverHoustonLas VegasLos AngelesNew YorkPhiladelphiaPortlandSan DiegoSan FranciscoSeattleWashington, D.C.Countries:BelgiumBrazilCanadaChileFinlandFranceGermanyGreat BritainHungaryIndonesiaJapanMexicoNetherlandsPhilippinesRussiaSingaporeSpainThailandTurkeyMore Great Places in Houston:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz#Foursquare © 2017  Lovingly made in NYC & SFEnergyXXI Services1021 Main StHouston, TX 77002United StatesGet directions None listed (See when people check in)People tend to check in during these times:Today7:00 AM–8:00 AMSat–SunNoneMon6:00 AM–11:00 AM1:00 PM–3:00 PM5:00 PM–6:00 PMTue6:00 AM–2:00 PM4:00 PM–5:00 PMWed7:00 AM–5:00 PMThu6:00 AM–3:00 PMSee MoreUnited States » Texas » Montgomery County » Fort Bend County » Harris County » Houston » Downtown HoustonProfessional & Other Places » OfficeIs this your business? Claim it now.Make sure your information is up to date. Plus use our free tools to find new customers.You must enable JavaScript to use foursquare.comWe use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience.Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!


Stocks Index - Markets Index
























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Teavana shutdown by Starbucks called latest mall casualty »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




12:28 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:20pChip stocks are cool again, but reality is here
12:19pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
12:19pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
12:18pStarbucks’ Teavana stores are the latest casualty at the mall
12:10pWage-rebound story takes another hit after drab ECI report
12:09pWhat is an ICO?
12:09pWhy McCain shot down Obamacare repeal               
12:06pTrump’s sketch of New York City skyline auctioned off
12:05pWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
12:02pHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
12:01pThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
12:00pStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses
11:59aWells Fargo will pay $80 million to overcharged auto loan consumers 
11:56aGold aims for third-weekly gain as dollar holds loss after GDP report
11:56aCharting a bull-trend whipsaw, Nasdaq’s key reversal fuels sector rotation (again)
11:51aA global investment strategist offers up a summer reading list to make you a better investor
11:51aThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
11:50aWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
11:49aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:49aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,792.24

-4.31
-0.02%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,369.76

-12.43
-0.19%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.57

-5.85
-0.24%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































Energy XXI - Management Team

















 



About Energy XXI

Community Outreach


Our Operations

Operation Overview

Main Pass Complex
West Delta
Ship Shoal
Grand Isle
South Timbalier
South Pass
Vermilion
Joint Venture/Partnerships
Onshore


F.E.R.C.


Investor Relations

Press Releases
SEC Filings
Events & Presentations
Email Alerts
FAQs
IR Contact


Leadership

Board of Directors
Management Team

Corporate Governance


Careers

Our Culture & Overview
Benefits
Job Search

















Download MOST RECENT Investor Presentation









Display all Bios

Douglas E. Brooks
Chief Executive Officer and President 

	Douglas E. Brooks serves as Chief Executive Officer and President of Energy XXI as of April 17, 2017.  Mr. Brooks brings over 34 years of experience as a Senior Oil & Gas Executive, having most recently served as Chief Executive Officer for Yates Petroleum Corporation, a privately owned exploration and production company focused on the Delaware and Powder River basins, from April 2015 until Yates’ merger with EOG Resources, Inc. in October 2016.  Mr. Brooks served as Chief Executive Officer of Aurora Oil & Gas Limited from October 2012 until June 2014, and as a Senior Vice President at Forest Oil Corporation from April 2012 until October 2012.  In addition, he spent 24 years with Marathon Oil Company in roles of increasing responsibility, lastly as the Director of Upstream Mergers and Acquisitions and Business Development for the Americas.  Mr. Brooks has also built two private equity-sponsored firms focused on unconventional resource projects in the western U.S.  Mr. Brooks currently serves on the board of directors of Chaparral Energy, Inc. and has served as a board member for Aurora Oil & Gas Limited, Magdalena Energy Company, Yates Petroleum and the Houston Producers’ Forum.  Furthermore, he is currently an advisor for Hart Energy’s A&D Watch, a global energy research publication.  Mr. Brooks holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Management from the University of Wyoming – Casper and a Masters of Business Administration, Finance from Our Lady of the Lake University in Texas.  

	Mr. Brooks also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Energy XXI. 



Scott Heck
Chief Operating Officer 


	Mr. Scott M. Heck is Chief Operating Officer for Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. Scott joined Energy XXI in February of 2017.  Scott has worked in E&P for over 36 years, and recently served as Chief Operating Officer for Bennu Oil & Gas, LLC overseeing all exploration and production operations reporting to Bennu’s chief executive officer. He retired from Hess Corporation in early 2014 where he was Senior Vice President of Global Offshore Production & Global Exploration. In this capacity, he was responsible for the operations and development of assets producing in excess of 200,000 boepd from eight countries around the world, including a prominent position in the Gulf of Mexico. His responsibilities also included leading the organization responsible for capturing, maturing and discovering conventional exploration opportunities in the Gulf of Mexico, West Africa / South America Conjugate Margin, and Malaysia.

	Prior to his most recent Hess role, he served as Senior Vice President of Exploration & Production Technology, which he established, then subsequently led, to provide support to solve critical technical challenges faced by the company’s global E&P business; this role was also responsible for the company’s global reserves group, and included assuring compliance with SEC rules and SPE PRMS guidelines.

	Earlier in his tenure at Hess, Scott served in a variety of technical and leadership roles, including Manager - GOM Offshore Engineering, Manager - GOM Offshore Production & Development, Vice President – West Africa Production and Senior Vice President - Americas & West Africa Production.  He began his career with Tenneco Oil in Bakersfield, California in 1980 and holds a bachelor’s degree in Petroleum Engineering from Marietta College. 



Hugh Menown
Executive Vice President, Interim Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer  


	Mr. Menown has served as Executive Vice President, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of Energy XXI since February 2017 and as Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer of Energy XXI since May 2007. Previously, he served as Chief Information Officer of Energy XXI from July 2010 to October 2014, and he served as Senior Vice President from July 2010 until June 2014 when he was promoted to Executive Vice President. From August 2006 until his appointment as our Chief Accounting Officer, Mr. Menown worked for Energy XXI as an independent consultant, working for the first seven months of 2006 as an independent consultant in the energy industry. From March 2002 until December 2005 Mr. Menown was employed by Quanta Services, Inc., serving as Chief Financial Officer of two of its subsidiaries. From 1987 to 1999, Mr. Menown provided audit and related services for clients at PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP in the Houston office, where for seven years he was the partner in charge of the transaction services practice providing due diligence, mergers and acquisition advisory and strategic consulting to numerous clients in various industries. Mr. Menown has more than 35 years of experience in mergers and acquisitions, auditing and managerial finance, is a certified public accountant and a 1980 graduate of the University of Missouri-Columbia with a bachelor’s degree in business administration



Kerry McDonough
Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Administration, Interim Corporate Secretary 


	Kerry McDonough joined Energy XXI in 2007 and serves as the Company’s Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Administration.  Since February 2017 Ms. McDonough also serves as Interim Corporate Secretary.  Prior to Energy XXI, Ms. McDonough held various human resources positions with increasing responsibility working for large organizations such as, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Occidental Oil & Gas, Calpine Corporation and Burlington Resources.  Ms. McDonough has more than 25 years of human resources experience in areas including organizational development, change management, employee relations and diversity. Ms. McDonough holds a Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of Houston and a Master of Business Administration from Texas Woman's University.








Leadership
	
      
Board of Directors
Management Team

Douglas E. Brooks
Scott Heck
Hugh Menown
Kerry McDonough


Corporate Governance







STAY CURRENT
Sign up to receive up-to-date news About Energy XXI



IN THE NEWS

Recent Releases
Multimedia



CONTACT

        	Energy XXI 
          1021 Main, Suite 2626
          Houston , Texas 77002
          T  713.351.3000
          F 713.351.3300
        
Investor Relations
Media Relations



RSS Subscribe 


            © 2017 Energy XXI      Privacy Statement      Terms of Use















Energy XXI - Board of Directors

















 



About Energy XXI

Community Outreach


Our Operations

Operation Overview

Main Pass Complex
West Delta
Ship Shoal
Grand Isle
South Timbalier
South Pass
Vermilion
Joint Venture/Partnerships
Onshore


F.E.R.C.


Investor Relations

Press Releases
SEC Filings
Events & Presentations
Email Alerts
FAQs
IR Contact


Leadership

Board of Directors
Management Team

Corporate Governance


Careers

Our Culture & Overview
Benefits
Job Search

















Download MOST RECENT Investor Presentation









Board of Directors
Display all Bios


 

Audit


Compensation 


Nomination and Governance 




  Michael S. Reddin 


        
           
        
      

        
           
        
      






 Chairman of the Board 
	Michael S. Reddin has over 34 years of upstream oil and gas experience in North America, having served in a wide variety of engineering, commercial and leadership roles with small, medium, and large companies.  From August 2009 to April 2016, Mr. Reddin served as President and CEO of Davis Petroleum Acquisition Corp., where he also served as Chairman of the Board for the last three years.  In this role, Mr. Reddin led the sale of Davis’ offshore business to another offshore operator and the merger of its onshore business with Yuma Energy, Inc.  Prior to joining Davis, Mr. Reddin served as President and CEO of Kerogen Resources, Inc., Vice President of BP America’s Deepwater Gulf of Mexico Business Unit, and in various other technical, commercial and leadership roles with BP, Vastar Resources, and ARCO.  Mr. Reddin currently serves on the Board of Southcross Holdings GP LLC and Midstates Petroleum Company, and previously served on the Boards of Berry Petroleum Company, Gulfport Energy, Kerogen Resources, Davis Petroleum, and several non-profit organizations.  Mr. Reddin earned his BS in Mechanical Engineering from Texas A&M University. The Board believes that Mr. Reddin is qualified to serve as Chairman of the Board based on his education and extensive experience as a senior leader and board member for various companies in the oil and gas industry.





  Douglas E. Brooks


        
           
        
      

        
           
        
      

        
           
        
      



Chief Executive Officer and President 
	Douglas E. Brooks serves as Chief Executive Officer and President of Energy XXI as of April 17, 2017.  Mr. Brooks brings over 34 years of experience as a Senior Oil & Gas Executive, having most recently served as Chief Executive Officer for Yates Petroleum Corporation, a privately owned exploration and production company focused on the Delaware and Powder River basins, from April 2015 until Yates’ merger with EOG Resources, Inc. in October 2016.  Mr. Brooks served as Chief Executive Officer of Aurora Oil & Gas Limited from October 2012 until June 2014, and as a Senior Vice President at Forest Oil Corporation from April 2012 until October 2012.  In addition, he spent 24 years with Marathon Oil Company in roles of increasing responsibility, lastly as the Director of Upstream Mergers and Acquisitions and Business Development for the Americas.  Mr. Brooks has also built two private equity-sponsored firms focused on unconventional resource projects in the western U.S.  Mr. Brooks currently serves on the board of directors of Chaparral Energy, Inc. and has served as a board member for Aurora Oil & Gas Limited, Magdalena Energy Company, Yates Petroleum and the Houston Producers’ Forum.  Furthermore, he is currently an advisor for Hart Energy’s A&D Watch, a global energy research publication.  Mr. Brooks holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Management from the University of Wyoming – Casper and a Masters of Business Administration, Finance from Our Lady of the Lake University in Texas.  

	Mr. Brooks also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Energy XXI. 





  Michael S. Bahorich


        
           
        
      









Director 
	Michael S. Bahorich is an award-winning oil and gas executive with broad technical knowledge, deep industry expertise, and experience serving on both corporate and non-profit boards. Skilled in managing operations, research, and technical service at major and independent oil companies, Mr. Bahorich recently retired from Apache Corporation where he served as an executive vice president for 15 years, most recently as Chief Technology Officer. Prior to joining Apache, Mr. Bahorich worked at Amoco Corporation, which he joined in 1981 as a Geoscientist. He has a B.S. in Geology from the University of Missouri, Columbia, and an M.S. in Geophysics from Virginia Polytechnic Institute (VPI).  Mr. Bahorich previously served as a director of Global Geophysical Services.  His advisory experience with non-profit organizations includes serving as a trustee of the Houston Museum of Natural Science and as a member of academic advisory boards at both Yale and Stanford Universities. The Board believes that Mr. Bahorich is qualified to serve on the Board based on his experience, education and technical knowledge as a geophysicist and senior executive with 35 years’ experience in the oil and gas industry.





  George Kollitides













Director 
	George Kollitides is an experienced transaction, strategy and operations leader who has held principal, board and operational leadership roles in public, private and non-profit organizations.  He is currently a Managing Director, Investment Committee member, and co-head of A&M Capital Opportunities (“AMCO”).  Prior to joining AMCO, Mr. Kollitides was Chairman and CEO of the Remington Outdoor Company and a Managing Director at Cerberus Capital Management, L.P. (“Cerberus”).  Prior to Cerberus, Mr. Kollitides was the co-founder of TenX Capital Management (“TenX”), a special situations private equity firm, and a Principal at Catterton Partners.  Mr. Kollitides started his career at GE, where he was six sigma trained and focused on turning around under-performing businesses, leveraged finance and private equity.  Mr. Kollitides currently serves as a director on the Boards of adMarketplace, Precision Gear, Inc. and Tier 1 Group.  He also serves as the Vice Chairman of the Orthopedic Foundation for Active Lifestyles and is a NY Advisory Board Member for Good Sports.  Mr. Kollitides received an MBA in Finance and Management of Organizations from Columbia Business School in 1998 and a BA in Economics with a Minor in Government and Law from Lafayette College in 1991. The Board believes that Mr. Kollitides is qualified to serve on the Board based on his education and senior executive experience in business operations, asset management, risk management, and strategic planning.





  Stanford Springel








        
           
        
      




	Stanford Springel was elected to the Board of Directors in May 2017 and serves as Chairman of the Compensation Commitee.  Mr. Springel retired from a 26-year career in corporate turnaround management in December 2015. Most recently, from 2002 until his retirement in 2015, Mr. Springel served as Managing Director in Alvarez & Marsal’s North American Commercial Restructuring practice, working with clients across a broad range of industries, including oilfield and environmental services, basic materials, construction, engineering, telecommunications, technology and consumer products. In his capacity as Managing Director of Alvarez & Marsal, Mr. Springel served in crisis manager or interim executive roles for Alvarez & Marsal’s clients, including both publicly and privately held companies. 




  James W. Swent III








        
           
        
      



Director 
	Mr. James W. Swent III is a proven business leader with over 35 years of experience working in North America, Europe, Asia, and Latin America.   From July 2003 to December 2015, Mr. Swent served as Chief Financial Officer of Ensco plc, and as additionally as Executive Vice President from July 2012 to December 2015.   Prior to that,  Mr. Swent held senior leadership positions in general management, operations, finance and business development in a diverse range of industries with companies such as Memorex Telex, Rodime, Nortel, Cyrix, and American Pad and Paper.  He has served on Boards of public companies listed on the NYSE, NASDAQ, and London Stock Exchange and currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Paragon Offshore PLC.  Mr. Swent earned both a Master of Business Administration in Finance and a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of California, Berkeley. The Board believes that Mr. Swent is qualified to serve as Lead Independent Director on the Board based on his education and experience as a senior executive, including as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of a public company, his finance and accounting expertise, as well as significant experience with mergers and acquisitions.





  Charles W. Wampler





        
           
        
      






Director 
	Charles W. Wampler is an extensively experienced oil and gas operations executive who currently serves on the boards of two oil and gas companies, including Energy XXI.  From 2007 to 2016, Mr. Wampler held roles as Chief Operating Officer of Aspect Holdings, President of Aspect Energy and General Exploration Partners (“GEP”), where he also served as a Board member from 2009 to 2012.  Mr. Wampler directed the day to day management of Aspect’s domestic operations in the US Gulf Coast and international operations in Hungary and Kurdistan, Iraq.  Prior to joining Aspect, Mr. Wampler was a Board member and Chief Operating Officer for Lewis Energy Group, where he directed the company’s domestic exploration and production activities while also overseeing international drilling, production, and pipeline operations in Mexico and Colombia.  Mr. Wampler’s previous experience includes serving as Division Operations Manager and Drilling Manager of EOG Resources and several engineering positions with Valero Producing Company and Kerr-McGee.  Mr. Wampler currently serves as a director for Swift Energy Company.  Mr. Wampler earned his BS in Petroleum Engineering from the University of Southwestern Louisiana. The Board believes that Mr. Wampler is qualified to serve on the Board based on his education and several decades of oil and gas industry experience in general management roles with an emphasis on operations leadership.





 = Chairman of the Board
 = Chair
 = Member








Leadership
	
      
Board of Directors
Management Team

Corporate Governance







STAY CURRENT
Sign up to receive up-to-date news About Energy XXI



IN THE NEWS

Recent Releases
Multimedia



CONTACT

        	Energy XXI 
          1021 Main, Suite 2626
          Houston , Texas 77002
          T  713.351.3000
          F 713.351.3300
        
Investor Relations
Media Relations



RSS Subscribe 


            © 2017 Energy XXI      Privacy Statement      Terms of Use
















Stocks Index - Markets Index
























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Teavana shutdown by Starbucks called latest mall casualty »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




12:28 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:20pChip stocks are cool again, but reality is here
12:19pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
12:19pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
12:18pStarbucks’ Teavana stores are the latest casualty at the mall
12:10pWage-rebound story takes another hit after drab ECI report
12:09pWhat is an ICO?
12:09pWhy McCain shot down Obamacare repeal               
12:06pTrump’s sketch of New York City skyline auctioned off
12:05pWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
12:02pHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
12:01pThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
12:00pStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses
11:59aWells Fargo will pay $80 million to overcharged auto loan consumers 
11:56aGold aims for third-weekly gain as dollar holds loss after GDP report
11:56aCharting a bull-trend whipsaw, Nasdaq’s key reversal fuels sector rotation (again)
11:51aA global investment strategist offers up a summer reading list to make you a better investor
11:51aThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
11:50aWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
11:49aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:49aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,792.45

-4.10
-0.02%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,369.79

-12.40
-0.19%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.61

-5.81
-0.23%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































EXXI Annual Cash Flow Statement - Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc. Annual Financials



































X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Teavana shutdown by Starbucks called latest mall casualty »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc.

                  NASDAQ: EXXI
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc.



Market open
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 11:58 a.m.


EXXI

/quotes/zigman/86284564/composite


$
19.77




Change

+0.14
+0.71%

Volume
Volume 27,265
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/86284564/composite
Previous close

$
			19.63
		


$
				19.77
			
Change

+0.14
+0.71%





Day low
Day high
$19.53
$21.17










52 week low
52 week high

            $17.92
        

            $35.96
        


















Income Statement


Balance Sheet


Cash Flow Statement


Annual Financials
Quarter Financials




Annual Financials for Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc.


View Ratios


            Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
        







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:28 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:20pChip stocks are cool again, but reality is here
12:19pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
12:19pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
12:18pStarbucks’ Teavana stores are the latest casualty at the mall
12:10pWage-rebound story takes another hit after drab ECI report
12:09pWhat is an ICO?
12:09pWhy McCain shot down Obamacare repeal               
12:06pTrump’s sketch of New York City skyline auctioned off
12:05pWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
12:02pHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
12:01pThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
12:00pStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses
11:59aWells Fargo will pay $80 million to overcharged auto loan consumers 
11:56aGold aims for third-weekly gain as dollar holds loss after GDP report
11:56aCharting a bull-trend whipsaw, Nasdaq’s key reversal fuels sector rotation (again)
11:51aA global investment strategist offers up a summer reading list to make you a better investor
11:51aThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
11:50aWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
11:49aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:49aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,792.40

-4.15
-0.02%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,369.70

-12.49
-0.20%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.55

-5.87
-0.24%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Teavana shutdown by Starbucks called latest mall casualty »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




12:28 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:20pChip stocks are cool again, but reality is here
12:19pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
12:19pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
12:18pStarbucks’ Teavana stores are the latest casualty at the mall
12:10pWage-rebound story takes another hit after drab ECI report
12:09pWhat is an ICO?
12:09pWhy McCain shot down Obamacare repeal               
12:06pTrump’s sketch of New York City skyline auctioned off
12:05pWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
12:02pHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
12:01pThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
12:00pStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses
11:59aWells Fargo will pay $80 million to overcharged auto loan consumers 
11:56aGold aims for third-weekly gain as dollar holds loss after GDP report
11:56aCharting a bull-trend whipsaw, Nasdaq’s key reversal fuels sector rotation (again)
11:51aA global investment strategist offers up a summer reading list to make you a better investor
11:51aThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
11:50aWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
11:49aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:49aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,792.24

-4.31
-0.02%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,369.76

-12.43
-0.19%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.57

-5.85
-0.24%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































 SWOT Analysis Reports & Company Profiles


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Company Reports








 SWOT Analysis Reports & Company Profiles


A legal entity created on a voluntary basis and engaged in a certain business, company can operate in different market and counties. A company size is measured on the basis of its market value, sales, assets or profits. As a rule, companies are represented by the following types: be private, public, government, unlimited, foreign, producer, to name a few. Typical departments found in almost any company comprise but are not limited to production, customer services, marketing, human resources, finance, to name a few. 
Exxon Mobil, JPMorgan Chase, Shell, Apple, Royal Dutch Shell and Toyota Motor are amidst the globe’s largest and most influential companies, with most of them active the world over.
This Catalogue’s research reports cover companies involved in various business activities, be it production, sales, marketing, etc. The reports contain information on companies’ activities, historical development, key executives, departments, product offerings. SWOT analyses, data on market share, marketing strategies, the most recent activities within the industry, acquisitions, strategic partnerships and alliances are included in the research reports.


 SWOT Analysis Reports



All Regions

--
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Global
                                                                                --Africa
                                                                                --East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                --Europe
                                                                                --Middle East
                                                                                --North America
                                                                                --South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Algeria
                                                                                                                    --Angola
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Botswana
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Cameroon
                                                                                --Cape Verde
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Ivory Coast
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Egypt
                                                                                                                                                        --Ethiopia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Gabon
                                                                                                                    --Ghana
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Kenya
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Liberia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Mauritania
                                                                                --Mauritius
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Morocco
                                                                                --Mozambique
                                                                                --Namibia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Nigeria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Reunion
                                                                                                                    --Rwanda
                                                                                                                                                        --Senegal
                                                                                --Seychelles
                                                                                --Sierra Leone
                                                                                                                                                                                            --South Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Tanzania
                                                                                                                    --Togo
                                                                                                                    --Tunisia
                                                                                                                    --Uganda
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Zambia
                                                                                --Zimbabwe
                                                                                --Libya
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Cote d'Ivoire
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Sudan
                                                                                                                                                        East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Bangladesh
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Brunei Darussalam
                                                                                                                    --Cambodia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Fiji
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Hong Kong
                                                                                                                                                        --India
                                                                                --Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Japan
                                                                                                                                                                                            --North Korea
                                                                                --South Korea
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Macau
                                                                                                                    --Malaysia
                                                                                                                    --Marshall Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Mongolia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Nepal
                                                                                                                                                        --New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Pakistan
                                                                                                                    --Papua New Guinea
                                                                                                                                                        --Philippines
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Singapore
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Sri Lanka
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Taiwan
                                                                                                                    --Thailand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Vietnam
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Europe
                                                                                                                                                                                        --Germany
                                                                                --Russia
                                                                                                                    --Belarus
                                                                                --Ukraine
                                                                                                                    --Andorra
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Austria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Belgium
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bulgaria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Croatia
                                                                                                                    --Czech Republic
                                                                                --Denmark
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Estonia
                                                                                                                                                        --Faroe Islands
                                                                                                                    --Finland
                                                                                --France
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Gibraltar
                                                                                --Greece
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Hungary
                                                                                --Iceland
                                                                                                                                                        --Ireland
                                                                                --Italy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Latvia
                                                                                                                                                        --Liechtenstein
                                                                                --Lithuania
                                                                                --Luxembourg
                                                                                                                    --Macedonia
                                                                                                                    --Malta
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Monaco
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Netherlands
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Norway
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Poland
                                                                                --Portugal
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Romania
                                                                                                                    --San Marino
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Slovakia
                                                                                --Slovenia
                                                                                                                    --Spain
                                                                                                                                                        --Sweden
                                                                                --Switzerland
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --United Kingdom
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Montenegro
                                                                                --Serbia
                                                                                                                                                                                            Middle East
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Israel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Armenia
                                                                                                                                                        --Azerbaijan
                                                                                                                    --Bahrain
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Cyprus
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Georgia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Jordan
                                                                                --Kazakhstan
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Kuwait
                                                                                                                    --Lebanon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Oman
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Qatar
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Saudi Arabia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Turkey
                                                                                                                    --United Arab Emirates
                                                                                --Uzbekistan
                                                                                                                                                        --Yemen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Afghanistan
                                                                                                                    --Iran
                                                                                --Iraq
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Syria
                                                                                                                    North America
                                                                                                                --United States
                                                                                --Canada
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Anguilla
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Bahamas
                                                                                                                                                        --Barbados
                                                                                                                    --Belize
                                                                                --Bermuda
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Cayman Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Costa Rica
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Dominican Republic
                                                                                                                                                        --El Salvador
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Greenland
                                                                                --Guatemala
                                                                                --Honduras
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Jamaica
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Mexico
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Netherlands Antilles
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Panama
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Puerto Rico
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Trinidad and Tobago
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Cuba
                                                                                South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Argentina
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bolivia
                                                                                                                                                        --Brazil
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Chile
                                                                                                                    --Colombia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Ecuador
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Falkland Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Paraguay
                                                                                --Peru
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Suriname
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Venezuela
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Company Reports


All Publishers 4 Regions
                        AFS Research
                        Alpha Street Research
                        AMID
                        Aruvian's R'search
                        BAC Company Reports
                        BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC Market Reports
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        Barnes Reports
                        Beijing Zeefer Consulting
                        Bras Research
                        Business Strategies Group
                        China Research and Intelligence
                        Cni Research
                        CurrentPartnering
                        Daedal Research
                        DataGroup Booksellers
                        datamining
                        Euromonitor International
                        Four-S Services Private Limited
                        Future Markets
                        Global Industry Analysts
                        Global Markets Direct
                        GlobalData
                        Guangzhou CCM Information Science & Technology
                        iData Research
                        India Business Reports
                        Information Trends
                        Intellectual Property Exchange
                        IS Advisors
                        Kalorama Information
                        LNGAnalysis 
                        Market and Business Development
                        Market Insights Co., Ltd
                        Market Intelligence & Consulting Institute (MIC)
                        MarketLine
                        MP Advisors
                        Netscribes
                        Noealt Corporate Services
                        OG Analysis
                        Omi Advisories
                        Ovum
                        Plimsoll Publishing
                        Renub Research
                        ResearchInChina
                        Sadia Saeed
                        SDI
                        Smart Research Insights
                        SRI KRISHNA BHARATHI KNOWLEDGE SERVICES  (SKBKS)
                        Stellar Analytics
                        StrateCore Research LLP
                        TechSci Research
                        Timetric
                        Value Market Research
                        Venture Planning Group
                        Visiongain
                        World Market Intelligence
                    



                            Found
                                 256809 publications                    



WuXi NextCODE Genomics - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 21 pages


Vium Inc - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 18 pages


The University of Melbourne - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 21 pages


Temple University - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 17 pages


Sygnis AG (LIO1) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 38 pages


Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (SUNPHARMA) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ... Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (SUNPHARMA) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile provides you comprehensive data and trend analysis of the company's Mergers and Acquisitions (M&As), partnerships and financings ...  Jul, 2017 44 pages


Stada Arzneimittel AG (SAZ) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 29 pages


Spinal Elements Inc - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 17 pages


Serum Institute of India Ltd - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... India. Serum Institute of India Ltd - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile. provides you comprehensive data and trend analysis of the company's Mergers and Acquisitions (M&As), partnerships and financings ...  Jul, 2017 17 pages


SensoDetect AB - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 15 pages


Second Military Medical University - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... Second Military Medical University - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile. provides you comprehensive data and trend analysis of the company's Mergers and Acquisitions (M&As), partnerships and financings. The report provides detailed ...  Jul, 2017 15 pages


SciBase AB (SCIB) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 30 pages


Savara Inc (SVRA) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 19 pages


Sartorius AG (SRT) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 41 pages


Sanquin Blood Supply Foundation - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... Sanquin Blood Supply Foundation - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile. provides you comprehensive data and trend analysis of the company's Mergers and Acquisitions (M&As), partnerships and financings ...  Jul, 2017 16 pages


Recipharm AB (RECI B) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 20 pages


Queen's University Belfast - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 21 pages


PhaseRx Inc (PZRX) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 23 pages


Parexel International Corp (PRXL) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 44 pages


Organogenesis Inc - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 19 pages


OctreoPharm Sciences GmbH - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 16 pages


NovoCure Ltd (NVCR) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 35 pages


Nexeon MedSystems Inc - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 17 pages


NeuroDerm Ltd (NDRM) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 34 pages


MedNet Solutions Inc - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 28 pages


Medipines Corp - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 15 pages


Maastricht University - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 16 pages


LivaNova PLC (LIVN) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 64 pages


LEO Pharma AS - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 22 pages


ATUM - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 20 pages


Ascendance Biotechnology Inc - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 20 pages


Ascend Therapeutics US LLC - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 16 pages


Arrien Pharmaceuticals LLC - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 16 pages


Amyris Inc (AMRS) - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 26 pages


Alzheimer's Drug Discovery Foundation - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... New York, the US. Alzheimer's Drug Discovery Foundation - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile. provides you comprehensive data and trend analysis of the company's Mergers and Acquisitions (M&As), partnerships and financings ...  Jul, 2017 18 pages


Alfred E. Tiefenbacher (GmbH & Co KG) - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 16 pages


Agilent Technologies Inc (A) - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 74 pages


Adial Pharmaceuticals LLC - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 16 pages


Aarhus University - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 19 pages


4P-Pharma SAS - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 16 pages


3P Biopharmaceuticals SL - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 16 pages


TSO3 Inc (TOS) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile.
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 32 pages


Nymox Pharmaceutical Corp (NYMX) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ... deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year ...  Jul, 2017 16 pages


Safe Orthopaedics SA (SAFOR) - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2017 Update
US$ 750.00
 ... trial name, trial objective, sponsor, trial design, trial status and phase, estimated start and end date. Reasons to Buy: Develop business strategies by understanding the trends and developments driving the medical devices pipeline and technology landscape Design and develop your product development ...  Jun, 2017 33 pages


iCAD Inc (ICAD) - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2017 Update
US$ 750.00
 ... trial name, trial objective, sponsor, trial design, trial status and phase, estimated start and end date. Reasons to Buy: Develop business strategies by understanding the trends and developments driving the medical devices pipeline and technology landscape Design and develop your product development ...  Jun, 2017 32 pages


EXINI Diagnostics AB - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2017 Update
US$ 750.00
 ... trial name, trial objective, sponsor, trial design, trial status and phase, estimated start and end date. Reasons to Buy: Develop business strategies by understanding the trends and developments driving the medical devices pipeline and technology landscape Design and develop your product development ...  Jun, 2017 24 pages


BrainLAB AG - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2017 Update
US$ 750.00
 ... trial objective, sponsor, trial design, trial status and phase, estimated start and end date. Reasons to Buy: Develop business strategies by understanding the trends and developments driving the medical devices pipeline and technology landscape Design and develop your product development, marketing ...  Jun, 2017 29 pages


Anteo Diagnostics Ltd (ADO) - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2017 Update
US$ 750.00
 ... trial name, trial objective, sponsor, trial design, trial status and phase, estimated start and end date. Reasons to Buy: Develop business strategies by understanding the trends and developments driving the medical devices pipeline and technology landscape Design and develop your product development ...  Jun, 2017 42 pages


Telephonics Corporation - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
US$ 125.00
 ... business divisions. Corporate strategy – GlobalData’s summarization of the company’s business strategy. SWOT analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats. Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company. Major products and services ...  Jul, 2017 18 pages


PSA Group (UG) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
US$ 125.00
 ... business strategy. SWOT Analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats. Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company. Major products and services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company. Key competitors ...  Jul, 2017 52 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:























EXXI Stock Price - Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Teavana shutdown by Starbucks called latest mall casualty






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,792.40


-4.15


-0.02%











S&P 500

2,469.55


-5.87


-0.24%











Nasdaq

6,369.70


-12.49


-0.20%











GlobalDow

2,847.24


-3.84


-0.13%











Gold

1,274.80


8.30


0.66%











Oil

49.71


0.67


1.37%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
8.9




MHK 
4.3




ALXN 
3.7




EXPE 
3.7






GT
-12.0




FLS
-11.1




MO
-10.5




MAT
-8.7














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








12:19p

Updated
Chip stocks are cool again, but reality is here



12:19p

Updated
Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’



12:19p

Updated
Amazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift



12:17p

Starbucks’ Teavana stores are the latest casualty at the mall



12:09p

Wage-rebound story takes another hit after drab ECI report



12:09p

Updated
Why McCain shot down Obamacare repeal               



12:09p

Updated
What is an ICO?



12:06p

Trump’s sketch of New York City skyline auctioned off



12:04p

Wells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris



12:01p

Updated
Health-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


EXXI


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



EXXI
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateEXXIAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 28, 2017 11:58 a.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
19.77



0.14
0.71%






Previous Close




$19.6300





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




12.67% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    27.3K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 215.1K
            





Open: 19.53
Last: 19.77



19.5300
Day Low/High
21.1700





Day Range



17.9150
52 Week Low/High
35.9600


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$19.53



Day Range
19.5300 - 21.1700



52 Week Range
17.9150 - 35.9600



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
33.21M



Public Float
20.25M



Beta
-0.45



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
1.48M
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
7.29%



Average Volume
215.14K




 


Performance




5 Day


4.27%







1 Month


6.46%







3 Month


-28.11%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones











16 energy stocks that company executives love, regardless of what OPEC does

May. 25, 2017 at 6:16 p.m. ET
by Michael Brush











Opinion            
Energy stocks are falling while the S&P is climbing — and that’s a buying opportunity

Mar. 7, 2017 at 1:09 p.m. ET
by Michael Brush














Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom

Mar. 5, 2017 at 1:38 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Matlinpatterson Global Advisers Llc Buys SilverBow Resources Inc, Vistra Energy Corp, Sells ...
Matlinpatterson Global Advisers Llc Buys SilverBow Resources Inc, Vistra Energy Corp, Sells CalAtlantic Group Inc, Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc, Globalstar Inc

Jul. 26, 2017 at 1:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Evolution Petroleum's Stock Price Appreciation Is Over
Evolution Petroleum's Stock Price Appreciation Is Over

Jul. 11, 2017 at 2:37 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Current Share Prices Compared To Plan Values For Former Bankrupt Energy Companies
Current Share Prices Compared To Plan Values For Former Bankrupt Energy Companies

Jun. 22, 2017 at 4:23 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Energy XXI to cut workforce by 18%
Energy XXI to cut workforce by 18%

Jun. 14, 2017 at 4:58 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: ENERGY XXI GULF COAST, INC.
10-Q: ENERGY XXI GULF COAST, INC.

May. 22, 2017 at 4:18 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Energy XXI's (EXXI) CEO Doug Brooks on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
Energy XXI's (EXXI) CEO Doug Brooks on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

May. 22, 2017 at 2:10 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Howard Marks Buys Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc, Yahoo! Inc, Anthem Inc, Sells AdvancePierre Foods ...
Howard Marks Buys Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc, Yahoo! Inc, Anthem Inc, Sells AdvancePierre Foods Holdings Inc, First BanCorp, Tronc Inc

May. 17, 2017 at 5:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Many U.S. shale producers that filed for bankruptcy have recovered
Many U.S. shale producers that filed for bankruptcy have recovered

May. 16, 2017 at 7:30 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Howard Marks Buys Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc, Yahoo! Inc, Anthem Inc, Sells AdvancePierre Foods ...
Howard Marks Buys Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc, Yahoo! Inc, Anthem Inc, Sells AdvancePierre Foods Holdings Inc, First BanCorp, Tronc Inc

May. 15, 2017 at 10:38 a.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Energy XXI files to delay Form 10-Q
Energy XXI files to delay Form 10-Q

May. 15, 2017 at 9:23 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Covalent Partners LLC Buys Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc, Superior Energy Services Inc, Weatherford ...
Covalent Partners LLC Buys Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc, Superior Energy Services Inc, Weatherford International PLC, Sells CalAtlantic Group Inc, Citigroup Inc, Basic Energy Services Inc

May. 15, 2017 at 7:38 a.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Buys Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Chevron, Johnson & Johnson, ...


Apr. 27, 2017 at 5:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Searching For Value


Apr. 20, 2017 at 1:50 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Energy XXI names Brooks as CEO and President


Apr. 18, 2017 at 12:25 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Got Gas? - Archrock Partners Has A 15% FCF Yield And May Be About To Increase Its Distribution


Apr. 18, 2017 at 7:15 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Drill, Baby, Drill: Bri-Chem Post Earnings Update


Apr. 7, 2017 at 11:28 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Breitburn Energy Bankruptcy Plan - Multiple Plans That May Include Sec 363 Sale Of Assets


Mar. 28, 2017 at 1:11 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





King Oil Is Dead; Long Live The King


Mar. 21, 2017 at 4:14 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Energy XXI hires Morgan Stanley for strategic plan


Mar. 20, 2017 at 2:38 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom

Mar. 5, 2017 at 1:38 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release, Conference Call Date And Participation at Upcoming Conference
Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release, Conference Call Date And Participation at Upcoming Conference

Jul. 27, 2017 at 6:45 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Energy XXI Gulf Coast Provides Operational Update
Energy XXI Gulf Coast Provides Operational Update

Jun. 14, 2017 at 4:45 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Featured Company News - Stone Energy Reported Drilling Operations at Rampart Deep Spud Prospect; Announced Workforce Reductions
Featured Company News - Stone Energy Reported Drilling Operations at Rampart Deep Spud Prospect; Announced Workforce Reductions

Jun. 13, 2017 at 8:29 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces First Quarter 2017 Results
Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces First Quarter 2017 Results

May. 22, 2017 at 6:45 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Energy XXI Gulf Coast Provides Final March 31, 2017 Independent Reserve Report Results and Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Date
Energy XXI Gulf Coast Provides Final March 31, 2017 Independent Reserve Report Results and Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Date

May. 15, 2017 at 6:46 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Energy XXI Gulf Coast Provides Preliminary Results of March 31, 2017 Independent Reserve Engineer Report


Apr. 27, 2017 at 6:46 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Energy XXI Gulf Coast Appoints Douglas E. Brooks as Chief Executive Officer, President and Board Member


Apr. 18, 2017 at 6:46 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Energy XXI Gulf Coast Retains Morgan Stanley to Assist with Strategic Plan


Mar. 20, 2017 at 6:46 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces Filing of Form 10-K for the Transition Period July 1, 2016 Through December 31, 2016


Feb. 22, 2017 at 5:04 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces Executive Leadership Changes


Feb. 3, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





X

-8.05%








BIDU

11.04%








DVAX

-11.06%








SBUX

-8.55%








MO

-10.46%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


EnergyXXI Services - Downtown Houston - 1 tip


FoursquareLog InSign UpNearby:Get inspired:Top PicksTrendingFoodCoffeeNightlifeFunShoppingPlanning a trip to Houston?Foursquare can help you find the best places to go to.Find great things to doEnergyXXI ServicesOfficeDowntown Houston, HoustonSaveShareTips 1Photos 3EnergyXXI Services1 Tip and reviewLog in to leave a tip here.PostEric CarterJuly 1, 2013Been here 100+ timesThey seriously need fans in the restrooms here!3 PhotosRelated Searchesenergyxxi services houston  energyxxi services houston photos  energyxxi services houston location  energyxxi services houston address  energyxxi services houston  energyxxi services houston  energyxxi services downtown houston houstonAboutBlogBusinessesCitiesDevelopersHelpJobsCookies (Updated)Privacy (Updated)TermsEnglishEnglish Français Deutsch Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 한국어 Português Русский Español ภาษาไทย Türkçe Cities:AtlantaAustinBostonChicagoDallasDenverHoustonLas VegasLos AngelesNew YorkPhiladelphiaPortlandSan DiegoSan FranciscoSeattleWashington, D.C.Countries:BelgiumBrazilCanadaChileFinlandFranceGermanyGreat BritainHungaryIndonesiaJapanMexicoNetherlandsPhilippinesRussiaSingaporeSpainThailandTurkeyMore Great Places in Houston:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz#Foursquare © 2017  Lovingly made in NYC & SFEnergyXXI Services1021 Main StHouston, TX 77002United StatesGet directions None listed (See when people check in)People tend to check in during these times:Today7:00 AM–8:00 AMSat–SunNoneMon6:00 AM–11:00 AM1:00 PM–3:00 PM5:00 PM–6:00 PMTue6:00 AM–2:00 PM4:00 PM–5:00 PMWed7:00 AM–5:00 PMThu6:00 AM–3:00 PMSee MoreUnited States » Texas » Montgomery County » Fort Bend County » Harris County » Houston » Downtown HoustonProfessional & Other Places » OfficeIs this your business? Claim it now.Make sure your information is up to date. Plus use our free tools to find new customers.You must enable JavaScript to use foursquare.comWe use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience.Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!

Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. Company Profile- Business Strategies, Outlook Statement, Business Description, Products and Services, Competitors, Employees, Updates, SWOT and Financials



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology

Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Company Reports





Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. Company Profile- Business Strategies, Outlook Statement, Business Description, Products and Services, Competitors, Employees, Updates, SWOT and Financials





Date:
May 1, 2016



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Electronic (e.g. PDF) - US$ 200.00
Hard Copy - US$ 350.00
CD-ROM - US$ 300.00
Site Licence - US$ 300.00
Enterprisewide - US$ 500.00




Publisher:
OG Analysis


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
EBBCAD80CDFEN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





'Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. Business Profile' is a comprehensive research on the company’s operations across the value chain. The report on Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. analyzes the company’s key strategies, SWOT analysis, future plans and evaluates its key advantages over its competitors. Details of Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. business description, key products, services and brands along with its geographical locations are included in the research work.The report also details the company’s subsidiaries, affiliates, joint ventures along with organization structure, key employees and detailed contact information. Further, merger and acquisition, expansion and growth plans of the company in the short to medium term future are also analyzed. Detailed SWOT and financial analysis of Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. are included in the research work. Key events in the history of the company and all latest updates of the company are provided.SCOPECompany snapshotGeographic locationsSubsidiaries, joint ventures and affiliatesBusiness operations across value chainKey strategies and Outlook statementFuture Plans and ProjectsSWOT AnalysisFinancial AnalysisEmployee Details, Organizational structureKey Events and historyProducts, Services and BrandsCompetitorsLatest UpdatesREASONS TO PURCHASEAnalyze company operations across value chainEvaluate your strategies against this company’s in terms of risk, advantages and performanceGain Insights into the key strategies being adopted by the company to increase their market sharesEvaluate key strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats facing the organizationFrame strategies based on company’s business structure, strategy and prospectsCapitalize on the analysis of experienced companies when entering a new niche or marketUnderstand the processes opted by key industry players which give them a competitive edgeUnderstand the company's financial status through our data on statements and ratios



1 TABLE OF CONTENTS1.1 List of Tables1.2 List of Figures2 ENERGY XXI GULF COAST, INC.- KEY INFORMATION2.1 Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc.- Overview2.2 Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc.- Snapshot2.3 Key Business Strategies3 ENERGY XXI GULF COAST, INC.- GLOBAL OPERATIONS3.1 Geographical Locations3.2 Subsidiaries, Associated Companies4 ENERGY XXI GULF COAST, INC.- SWOT ANALYSIS4.1 Key Strengths4.2 Key Weaknesses4.3 Key Opportunities4.4 Key Threats5 ENERGY XXI GULF COAST, INC.- COMPANY OUTLOOK STATEMENT6 ENERGY XXI GULF COAST, INC.- KEY EVENTS AND HISTORY7 ENERGY XXI GULF COAST, INC.- BUSINESS OPERATION STRUCTURE8 ENERGY XXI GULF COAST, INC.- MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES8.1 Key Products8.2 Key Services8.3 Major Brands9 ENERGY XXI GULF COAST, INC.-KEY COMPETITORS10 ENERGY XXI GULF COAST, INC.- KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION11 ENERGY XXI GULF COAST, INC.- FINANCIAL ANALYSIS11.1 Income Statements11.2 Cash Flow Statements11.3 Balance Sheet12 ENERGY XXI GULF COAST, INC.- CONTACT DETAILS13 ENERGY XXI GULF COAST, INC.- LATEST UPDATES14 APPENDIX14.1 About OGAnalysis14.2 Sources and Methodology14.3 Contact Information14.4 DisclaimerFinancial Analysis will be provided for the latest year as reported by the company


LIST OF TABLESTable 1: Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc.- Operations and Financial SnapshotTable 2: Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc.- Operating LocationsTable 3: Key EventsTable 4: Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc.- Income StatementsTable 5: Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc.- Balance Sheet


LIST OF FIGURESFigure 1: SWOT AnalysisCOMPANIES MENTIONEDEnergy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc.
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. Company Complete Business Profile- Snapshot, Strategies, Location, Statement, Business Description, Products and Services, Competitors, Employees, Latest Updates and...
US$ 200.00
Oct, 2014 · 30 pages


Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. - Power - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
Mar, 2014 · 12 pages


Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. – Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A), Partnerships & Alliances and Investment Report
US$ 350.00
Apr, 2016 · 28 pages


Marauder Resources East Coast Inc. Company Profile- Business Strategies, Outlook Statement, Business Description, Products and Services, Competitors, Employees, Updates, SWOT and Financials
US$ 200.00
May, 2016 · 30 pages


Gulf South Pipeline Company, LP Company Profile- Business Strategies, Outlook Statement, Business Description, Products and Services, Competitors, Employees, Updates, SWOT and Financials
US$ 200.00
May, 2016 · 30 pages








Ask Your Question
Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. Company Profile- Business Strategies, Outlook Statement, Business Description, Products and Services, Competitors, Employees, Updates, SWOT and Financials







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:






















Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc 1021 Main St Houston, TX Energy Management Systems & Products - MapQuest







































































































    Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc
  

1021 Main St

Houston
TX
77002




 Reviews



(713) 351-3000
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!


  
  
            Energy XXI is an independent oil and natural gas exploration and production company. Its properties are located in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico waters and the Gulf Coast on-shore. The company emphasizes acquisitions enhanced by value-added organic drilling program. Energy XXI s off-shore properties are comprised of legacy oil fields. Its brokers include The Collins Stewart Europe Limited and Tristone Capital Limited in the United Kingdom. With one of its locations in Houston, Energy XXI employs chief executive and accounting officers.
          






















Legal






Help






















  EXXI:NASDAQ GS Stock Quote - Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc   EXXI:US   NASDAQ GS        19.77USD   0.14   0.71%     As of 11:58 AM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   19.53    Day Range   19.53 - 21.17    Volume   27,265    Previous Close   19.63    52Wk Range   17.92 - 35.96                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   19.53    Day Range   19.53 - 21.17    Volume   27,265    Previous Close   19.63    52Wk Range   17.92 - 35.96    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (m USD)   669.546    Shares Outstanding  (m)   33.212    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Energy   % Price Change -0.25%     Industry Energy   % Price Change -0.25%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/27/2017   Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release, Conference Call Date And Participation at Upcoming Confe     7/18/2017   Paragon Offshore Completes Restructuring Plan and Emerges From Chapter 11     6/14/2017   Energy XXI Gulf Coast Provides Operational Update     5/22/2017   Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces First Quarter 2017 Results     5/15/2017   Energy XXI Gulf Coast Provides Final March 31, 2017 Independent Reserve Report Results and Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnin     4/27/2017   Energy XXI Gulf Coast Provides Preliminary Results of March 31, 2017 Independent Reserve Engineer Report     4/18/2017   Energy XXI Gulf Coast Appoints Douglas E. Brooks as Chief Executive Officer, President and Board Member     3/20/2017   Energy XXI Gulf Coast Retains Morgan Stanley to Assist with Strategic Plan     2/28/2017   Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces Commencement of Trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market     2/3/2017   Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces Executive Leadership Changes    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. operates as an oil and natural gas development and production company. The Company focuses on the acquisition of oil and gas reserves, drilling, and project management services. Energy XXI Gulf Coast serves in the United States, Gulf of Mexico waters, and the Gulf Coast onshore.    Address  1021 MainSuite 2626Houston, TX 77002United States   Phone  1-713-351-3000   Website   www.energyxxi.com     Executives Board Members    Douglas E Brooks  President/CEO    Scott M Heck  Chief Operating Officer    Hugh A Menown  Exec VP/CFO/Chief Accounting Ofcr    Lee Pacchia  Investor Relations     Show More         
  EGXG Stock Quote - Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc   EGXG:US      Ticker Change   EGXG:US has changed to a new ticker symbol   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Energy   % Price Change -0.25%     Industry Energy   % Price Change -0.25%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. operates as an oil and natural gas development and production company. The Company focuses on the acquisition of oil and gas reserves, drilling, and project management services. Energy XXI Gulf Coast serves in the United States, Gulf of Mexico waters, and the Gulf Coast onshore.    Address  1021 MainSuite 2626Houston, TX 77002United States   Phone  1-713-351-3000   Website   www.energyxxi.com     Executives Board Members    Douglas E Brooks  President/CEO    Scott M Heck  Chief Operating Officer    Hugh A Menown  Exec VP/CFO/Chief Accounting Ofcr    Lee Pacchia  Investor Relations     Show More         

EXXI Stock Charts - Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc. Interactive Charts - MarketWatch



























 















































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Teavana shutdown by Starbucks called latest mall casualty






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,792.45


-4.10


-0.02%











S&P 500

2,469.58


-5.84


-0.24%











Nasdaq

6,369.81


-12.38


-0.19%











GlobalDow

2,847.28


-3.80


-0.13%











Gold

1,274.80


8.30


0.66%











Oil

49.70


0.66


1.35%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
8.9




MHK 
4.3




ALXN 
3.8




EXPE 
3.7






GT
-12.0




FLS
-11.1




MO
-10.4




MAT
-8.7














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








12:19p

Updated
Chip stocks are cool again, but reality is here



12:19p

Updated
Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’



12:19p

Updated
Amazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift



12:17p

Starbucks’ Teavana stores are the latest casualty at the mall



12:09p

Wage-rebound story takes another hit after drab ECI report



12:09p

Updated
Why McCain shot down Obamacare repeal               



12:09p

Updated
What is an ICO?



12:06p

Trump’s sketch of New York City skyline auctioned off



12:04p

Wells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris



12:01p

Updated
Health-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns












to be replaced

























































































































    






   




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


EXXI


Advanced Chart



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



EXXI
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateEXXIAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 28, 2017 11:58 a.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
19.77



0.14
0.71%






Previous Close




$19.6300





   







   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





X

-8.08%








BIDU

11.17%








DVAX

-11.06%








SBUX

-8.55%








MO

-10.41%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









     EXXI Stock Price & News - Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc. - Wall Street Journal                                    DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY         News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.  DOW JONES  Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch   Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video    NEWS CORP  Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA   realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times              DJIA ▲  21792.40 -0.02%        S&P 500 ▲  2469.55 -0.24%        Nasdaq ▲  6369.70 -0.20%        U.S. 10 Yr ▲  4/32 yield 2.296%        Crude Oil ▲  49.71 1.37%        Euro ▲  1.1748 0.62%                 Subscribe Now Sign In      The Wall Street Journal     U.S. Edition  U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan)    July 28, 2017   Today's Paper     Sections    My Journal       Home   World   U.S.   Politics   Economy   Business   Tech   Markets   Opinion   Arts   Life   Real Estate   Today's Paper   SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS     World Home   Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East   Economy   World Video     U.S. Home   Economy Law New York Politics   Real Time Economics Washington Wire   Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast     Politics Home   Washington Wire   Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll     Economy Home   Real Time Economics   Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video     Business Home   Management Tech/WSJ.D   Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail   CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance   Heard on the Street   Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast     Tech Home   CIO Journal   Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan   Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader     Markets Home   Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money   Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape   CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast     Opinion Home   James Freeman William A. Galston Daniel Henninger Holman W. Jenkins William McGurn Peggy Noonan Mary Anastasia O'Grady Jason Riley Kimberley A. Strassel   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series Music Dance Opera Exhibition Cultural Commentary   Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor The Weekend Interview Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Opinion Video Notable & Quotable Best of the Web Newsletter Morning Editorial Report Newsletter     Arts Home   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series   Arts Video WSJ. Magazine     Life Home   Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel   Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles The Future of Everything     Real Estate Home   Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion   Real Estate Video      HIDE ALL SECTIONS      Aim higher, reach further.  Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now   Sign In   Reveal Navigation Options    Subscribe Sign In               Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc. EXXI (U.S.: Nasdaq)      search    View All companies            11:58 AM EDT 07/28/17     $19.77 USD     0.14 0.71%     Volume 27,265    DELAYED 15 MINUTES      Volume 27,265     65 Day Avg Vol 215,142     1 Day Range 19.53 - 21.17     52 Week Range 17.915 - 35.96 (06/26/17 - 02/28/17)          1 D 5 D 1 M 3 M YTD 1 Y 3 Y    $ %            Advanced Charting Compare     Compare to Benchmark:   DJIA   S&P 500   GLOBAL DOW   NASDAQ   Energy      Compare to    Add          Open  19.53   Prior Close  19.63 (07/26/17)     1 Day    EXXI 0.71%     DJIA -0.02%     Russell 2K -0.51%     Energy 0.00%                             Overview     Overview Profile Financials Income Statement Balance Sheet Cash Flow Research & Ratings Historical Prices Options Advanced Charting              News Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc.EXXI   Significant News Only       07/27/17 Press Release   Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release, Conference Call Date And Participation at Upcoming Conference   Press Release     06/14/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Energy XXI Gulf Coast Files 8K - Regulation FD   Dow Jones Newswires     06/14/17 Press Release   Energy XXI Gulf Coast Provides Operational Update   Press Release     05/25/17 MarketWatch.com   16 energy stocks that company executives love, regardless of what OPEC does   MarketWatch.com     05/22/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Energy XXI Gulf Coast Files 8K - Regulation FD   Dow Jones Newswires     05/22/17 Press Release   Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces First Quarter 2017 Results   Press Release     05/15/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Energy XXI Gulf Coast Files 8K - Regulation FD   Dow Jones Newswires     05/15/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Energy XXI Gulf Coast Files 8K - Other Events   Dow Jones Newswires     05/15/17 Press Release   Energy XXI Gulf Coast Provides Final March 31, 2017 Independent Reserve Report Results and Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Date   Press Release     03/07/17 MarketWatch.com   Energy stocks are falling while the S&P is climbing — and that’s a buying opportunity   MarketWatch.com     04/14/16 The Wall Street Journal   Energy XXI Files for Bankruptcy in Debt-for-Equity Swap   The Wall Street Journal     04/14/16 MarketWatch.com   Energy XXI files for Ch. 11 bankruptcy protection   MarketWatch.com     02/19/16 WSJ Blogs   Defaults Rising Among Commodity Companies   WSJ Blogs     08/03/15 The Wall Street Journal   Oil-and-Gas Debt Deals Sting Investors   The Wall Street Journal     load more              Key Stock Data     ?    P/E Ratio (TTM) The Price to Earnings (P/E) ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period.  Earnings Per Share (TTM) A company's net income for the trailing twelve month period expressed as a dollar amount per fully diluted shares outstanding. Market Capitalization Reflects the total market value of a company. Market Cap is calculated by multiplying the number of shares outstanding by the stock's price. For companies with multiple common share classes, market capitalization includes both classes. Shares Outstanding Number of shares that are currently held by investors, including restricted shares owned by the company's officers and insiders as well as those held by the public. Public Float The number of shares in the hands of public investors and available to trade. To calculate, start with total shares outstanding and subtract the number of restricted shares. Restricted stock typically is that issued to company insiders with limits on when it may be traded. Dividend Yield A company's dividend expressed as a percentage of its current stock price.      Key Stock Data    P/E Ratio (TTM) N/A     EPS (TTM) N/A     Market Cap N/A     Shares Outstanding 33.21 M     Public Float 20.25 M     Yield EXXI has not issued dividends in more than 1 year.     Latest Dividend N/A     Ex-Dividend Date N/A       ?    Shares Sold Short The total number of shares of a security that have been sold short and not yet repurchased. Change from Last Percentage change in short interest from the previous report to the most recent report. Exchanges report short interest twice a month. Percent of Float Total short positions relative to the number of shares available to trade.      Short Interest (07/14/17)    Shares Sold Short 1.48 M     Change from Last  -1.63%      Percent of Float 7.29%       ?    Money Flow Uptick/Downtick Ratio Money flow measures the relative buying and selling pressure on a stock, based on the value of trades made on an "uptick" in price and the value of trades made on a "downtick" in price. The up/down ratio is calculated by dividing the value of uptick trades by the value of downtick trades. Net money flow is the value of uptick trades minus the value of downtick trades. Our calculations are based on comprehensive, delayed quotes.      Stock Money Flow    Uptick/Downtick Trade Ratio  0 2    0.40      Net Money Flow ()  -75,399    Money flow gives a snapshot of relative buying and selling pressure in a stock. A ratio above one suggests greater buying pressure, below one suggests greater selling.               Advertisement         Competitors EXXI   Data not available.    More information on EXXI   Competitor Data Provided By: capital cube           Profile EXXI      1021 Main Street Houston Texas 77002 United States   Website Map       Employees  -    Sector  Oil Extraction      Sales or Revenue  -    Industry  Companies on the Energy Service      1Y Sales Change  -    Fiscal Year Ends -          Michael S. Reddin Chairman       Douglas E. Brooks President, Chief Executive Officer & Director       Charles W. Wampler Director       Steven J. Pully Director        More             Research & Ratings Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc.EXXI Per-Share Earnings, Actuals and Estimates   Data Not Available.       Financials Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc.EXXI  Data Not Available           Overview    Notes & Data Providers   Real-time U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. International stock quotes are delayed as per exchange requirements. Indexes may be real-time or delayed; refer to time stamps on index quote pages for information on delay times. Quote data, except U.S. stocks, provided by SIX Financial Information. Data is provided "as is" for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. SIX Financial Information (a) does not make any express or implied warranties of any kind regarding the data, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use; and (b) shall not be liable for any errors, incompleteness, interruption or delay, action taken in reliance on any data, or for any damages resulting therefrom. Data may be intentionally delayed pursuant to supplier requirements.  All of the mutual fund and ETF information contained in this display was supplied by Lipper, A Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright  © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Bond quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullett Prebon. Currency quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullet Prebon. Fundamental company data and analyst estimates provided by FactSet. Copyright  FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.        Advertisement                  


Our Culture & Overview - Energy XXI







































 





About Energy XXI

Community Outreach


Our Operations

Operation Overview

Main Pass Complex
West Delta
Ship Shoal
Grand Isle
South Timbalier
Onshore


Tariffs


Investor Relations

Press Releases
SEC Filings
Events & Presentations
Email Alerts
FAQS
IR Contact


Leadership

Board Of Directors
Management Team
Corporate Governance


Careers

Our Culture & Overview
Benefits
Job Search


 








        





Download MOST RECENT Investor Presentation






 



Explore the Opportunities
“EMPOWERING. MOTIVATING. INNOVATING. REWARDING. EXCITING. ENERGIZING.”
These are some words our employees frequently use when describing their careers at Energy XXI. Here, we are encouraged to be creative and think way outside the box. We have some of the industry’s top professionals and realize the value of leveraging the vast experience to advance our strategy of Acquire and Exploit. Every employee plays a role in the overall success of our organization.
 

Your Opportunity Starts Here
Search Career Opportunities
Resumes submitted to this website by a third party will be considered unsolicited and will become the property of Energy XXI. We will not pay a referral fee for the hiring of a candidate by means of an unsolicited resume submitted directly or indirectly through this site or any other means. We only pay for third-party referrals for resumes requested by the Recruiting Department from preferred vendors with whom we have a contractual agreement.
Energy XXI provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Energy XXI complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.
Energy XXI expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Energy XXI employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated.






About Energy XXI

Community Outreach


Our Operations

Operation Overview

Main Pass Complex
West Delta
Ship Shoal
Grand Isle
South Timbalier
Onshore


Tariffs


Investor Relations

Press Releases
SEC Filings
Events & Presentations
Email Alerts
FAQS
IR Contact


Leadership

Board Of Directors
Management Team
Corporate Governance


Careers

Our Culture & Overview
Benefits
Job Search


 




STAY CURRENT
Sign up to receive up-to-date news About Energy XXI



IN THE NEWS

Recent Releases
 
 


CONTACT
Energy XXI 
          1021 Main, Suite 2626
  
          Houston , Texas 77002
  
          T  713.351.3000     
  
          F 713.351.3300          
Investor Relations
Media Relations



RSS Subscribe 


            © 2017 Energy XXI      Privacy Statement      Terms of Use










Our History - Energy XXI







































 


About Energy XXI

Community Outreach


Our Operations

Operation Overview

Main Pass Complex
West Delta
Ship Shoal
Grand Isle
South Timbalier
Onshore


Tariffs


Investor Relations

Press Releases
SEC Filings
Events & Presentations
Email Alerts
FAQS
IR Contact


Leadership

Board Of Directors
Management Team
Corporate Governance


Careers

Our Culture & Overview
Benefits
Job Search


 








        





Download MOST RECENT Investor Presentation






 



History
Energy XXI was formed in 2005 with a successful $300 million IPO on the London Stock Exchange Alternative Investment Market (AIM). Since then, the company has implemented an “acquire and exploit” growth strategy to build a geographically focused portfolio with some of the highest per-unit margins in the industry. It began with an agreement in March 2006 to purchase Marlin Energy Offshore for $421 million. Soon after the purchase closed, the company agreed to acquire some South Louisiana properties for a total of $308 million. By August 2006, the South Louisiana acquisition had closed and the company was able to raise $86.5 million through a warrant exercise.
Energy XXI continued its geographically focused “acquire and exploit” strategy the following year. In April 2007, the company agreed to acquire POGO’s Gulf of Mexico assets for $419.5 million. This acquisition closed in June 2007 and by August, the company was dual listed on the NASDAQ exchange under the EXXI ticker symbol.
The company continued to grow even during the economic downturn of 2008 and 2009. Energy XXI raised $237 million through a warrant tender in 2008 to clean up its capital structure. By November 2009, the company announced an acceptance of debt exchange for $347 million in senior notes. This coincided with the company’s $283 million acquisition of MitEnergy, which consolidated interests with the POGO fields acquired in 2007.
In January 2010, Energy XXI announced a major discovery at the Davy Jones ultra-deep well on the Gulf of Mexico Shelf. In addition, the company announced a 1-for-5 share consolidation to make the stock more attractive to a broader range of institutional investors. Five years after the company’s formation, Energy XXI became the third-largest producer on the Gulf of Mexico shelf with the $1.01 billion acquisition of properties from ExxonMobil. This strategy culminated with the $1.01 billion acquisition of some Gulf of Mexico Shelf properties from ExxonMobil, making it one of the largest acquisitions in recent history.
Since then, the company has added two high-potential exploration joint ventures targeting untapped oil around salt domes on the Shelf. In September 2012, Energy XXI announced a joint venture exploration deal with ExxonMobil. This was soon followed by another joint venture announcement with Apache in March 2013.
2014 proved to be a major milestone in the company’s history.  In March 2014, Energy XXI announced the acquisition of EPL Oil & Gas for $2.3 billion.  As a result of the merger, Energy XXI has become the largest publicly traded independent producer on the Gulf of Mexico Shelf.
Energy XXI is focused on developing core properties while ramping up a complementary exploration program designed to provide organic growth for the future.


2005


JUNE / Company formation
OCTOBER / Successfully competed $300MM IPO on the London AIM


2006


april / Acquired Marlin Energy Offshore, LLC for $448MM
june / Acquired South Louisiana properties for $311MM


2007


april / Acquired POGO’s GoM assets for $415MM
august / NASDAQ listing (ticker: Exxi)


2009


november / Acquired Mit Energy assets for $276MM


2010


january / Announced major discovery at Davy Jones Ultra-Deep well in the GoM Shelf
december / Acquired ExxonMobil GoM Shelf properties for $1.01BN


2012


september / Secured GoM Exploration Joint Venture with ExxonMobil


2013


january / Acquired Bayou Carlin Onshore S. Louisiana for $80MM
march / Signed GoM joint venture with Apache


2014


march / Acquired EPL Oil & Gas for $2.3BN


2015


june / Grand Isle Gathering System closes for $245MM
august / Acquired M21K equity interests for $25MM






About Energy XXI

Community Outreach


Our Operations

Operation Overview

Main Pass Complex
West Delta
Ship Shoal
Grand Isle
South Timbalier
Onshore


Tariffs


Investor Relations

Press Releases
SEC Filings
Events & Presentations
Email Alerts
FAQS
IR Contact


Leadership

Board Of Directors
Management Team
Corporate Governance


Careers

Our Culture & Overview
Benefits
Job Search


 




STAY CURRENT
Sign up to receive up-to-date news About Energy XXI



IN THE NEWS

Recent Releases
 
 


CONTACT
Energy XXI 
          1021 Main, Suite 2626
  
          Houston , Texas 77002
  
          T  713.351.3000     
  
          F 713.351.3300          
Investor Relations
Media Relations



RSS Subscribe 


            © 2017 Energy XXI      Privacy Statement      Terms of Use










Home - Energy XXI | Acquire.Exploit.Deliver.









































 





About Energy XXI

Community Outreach


Our Operations

Operation Overview

Main Pass Complex
West Delta
Ship Shoal
Grand Isle
South Timbalier
Onshore


Tariffs


Investor Relations

Press Releases
SEC Filings
Events & Presentations
Email Alerts
FAQS
IR Contact


Leadership

Board Of Directors
Management Team
Corporate Governance


Careers

Our Culture & Overview
Benefits
Job Search


 








        





Download MOST RECENT Investor Presentation







            Acquire.Exploit.Deliver.
            




Featured Events





In The News

Recent Releases
 















 



STAY CURRENT
Sign up to receive up-to-date news About Energy XXI



 


CONTACT
Energy XXI 
          1021 Main, Suite 2626
  
          Houston , Texas 77002
  
          T  713.351.3000     
  
          F 713.351.3300          
Investor Relations
Media Relations



RSS Subscribe 


            © 2017 Energy XXI      Privacy Statement      Terms of Use










EnergyXXI Services - Downtown Houston - 1 tip


FoursquareLog InSign UpNearby:Get inspired:Top PicksTrendingFoodCoffeeNightlifeFunShoppingPlanning a trip to Houston?Foursquare can help you find the best places to go to.Find great things to doEnergyXXI ServicesOfficeDowntown Houston, HoustonSaveShareTips 1Photos 3EnergyXXI Services1 Tip and reviewLog in to leave a tip here.PostEric CarterJuly 1, 2013Been here 100+ timesThey seriously need fans in the restrooms here!3 PhotosRelated Searchesenergyxxi services houston  energyxxi services houston photos  energyxxi services houston location  energyxxi services houston address  energyxxi services houston  energyxxi services houston  energyxxi services downtown houston houstonAboutBlogBusinessesCitiesDevelopersHelpJobsCookies (Updated)Privacy (Updated)TermsEnglishEnglish Français Deutsch Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 한국어 Português Русский Español ภาษาไทย Türkçe Cities:AtlantaAustinBostonChicagoDallasDenverHoustonLas VegasLos AngelesNew YorkPhiladelphiaPortlandSan DiegoSan FranciscoSeattleWashington, D.C.Countries:BelgiumBrazilCanadaChileFinlandFranceGermanyGreat BritainHungaryIndonesiaJapanMexicoNetherlandsPhilippinesRussiaSingaporeSpainThailandTurkeyMore Great Places in Houston:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz#Foursquare © 2017  Lovingly made in NYC & SFEnergyXXI Services1021 Main StHouston, TX 77002United StatesGet directions None listed (See when people check in)People tend to check in during these times:Today7:00 AM–8:00 AMSat–SunNoneMon6:00 AM–11:00 AM1:00 PM–3:00 PM5:00 PM–6:00 PMTue6:00 AM–2:00 PM4:00 PM–5:00 PMWed7:00 AM–5:00 PMThu6:00 AM–3:00 PMSee MoreUnited States » Texas » Montgomery County » Fort Bend County » Harris County » Houston » Downtown HoustonProfessional & Other Places » OfficeIs this your business? Claim it now.Make sure your information is up to date. Plus use our free tools to find new customers.You must enable JavaScript to use foursquare.comWe use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience.Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!


Home - Energy XXI | Acquire.Exploit.Deliver.









































 





About Energy XXI

Community Outreach


Our Operations

Operation Overview

Main Pass Complex
West Delta
Ship Shoal
Grand Isle
South Timbalier
Onshore


Tariffs


Investor Relations

Press Releases
SEC Filings
Events & Presentations
Email Alerts
FAQS
IR Contact


Leadership

Board Of Directors
Management Team
Corporate Governance


Careers

Our Culture & Overview
Benefits
Job Search


 








        





Download MOST RECENT Investor Presentation







            Acquire.Exploit.Deliver.
            




Featured Events





In The News

Recent Releases
 















 



STAY CURRENT
Sign up to receive up-to-date news About Energy XXI



 


CONTACT
Energy XXI 
          1021 Main, Suite 2626
  
          Houston , Texas 77002
  
          T  713.351.3000     
  
          F 713.351.3300          
Investor Relations
Media Relations



RSS Subscribe 


            © 2017 Energy XXI      Privacy Statement      Terms of Use






















Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release, Conference Call Date And Participation at Upcoming Conference - NASDAQ.com








































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search















































See headlines for EXXI


View Print Version
                        
More from GlobeNewswire



Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release, Conference Call Date And Participation at Upcoming Conference
Energy XXI Gulf Coast Provides Operational Update
Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces First Quarter 2017 Results



Referenced Stocks


EXXI
100%
Rate It





Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release, Conference Call Date And Participation at Upcoming Conference


By GlobeNewswire,  July 27, 2017, 06:45:00 AM EDT








Vote up







A
A
A









HOUSTON, July  27, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. ("EGC" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:EXXI) today announced that it will issue its second quarter 2017 earnings release on Thursday, August 10, 2017, after the close of trading.  The Company will host a conference call on Friday, August 11, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. Central Time (11:00 a.m. Eastern Time) to discuss its second quarter 2017 financial and operating results.
To actively participate on the conference call, please dial the number below before the scheduled start time. A webcast of the call can be accessed through the Company's web site at www.EnergyXXI.com.  A replay of the call will be archived and available on the web site shortly after the live call.


Dial-In Numbers:
(877) 794-3620 (Toll Free)


 
(631) 813-4724 (International)


Confirmation Code:  
55683951




        Energy XXI Gulf Coast to present at Upcoming Conference 
EGC's Chief Operating Officer, Scott Heck will present at EnerCom's The Oil and Gas Conference in Denver, Colorado on Tuesday, August 15, 2017 at 10:30 a.m. Mountain Time.  Information regarding webcasting and any presentation material will be available in the Investor Relations, Events & Presentations section of the Company's web site at www.EnergyXXI.com.  
About the Company

Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc. is an independent oil and natural gas development and production company whose assets are primarily located in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico waters offshore Louisiana and Texas.  The Company's near-term strategy emphasizes exploitation of key assets, enhanced by its focus on financial discipline and operational excellence. To learn more, visit EGC's website at www.EnergyXXI.com.

Investor Relations Contact
Al PetrieInvestor Relations Coordinator 713-351-3171apetrie@energyxxi.com 







Source: Energy XXI






                
  		            This article appears in: 
                    
                            News Headlines




                
                    Referenced Stocks: 
                    
                            EXXI




Latest News Video

Judge postpones sentencing for susp... Way 2 Summer Fun hits Greenleaf Sta... MOVIE REVIEW: Charlize Theron enter... European Stocks Suffer Second Strai... 








Login




Please enable JavaScript to view the Comments powered by RealTidbits







Related stocks Articles




Subscribe







Booming Commercial Jet Deliveries Boost Embraer


						7/28/2017 11:52 AM
					



WisdomTree Falls Short Despite Attracting More Assets


						7/28/2017 11:52 AM
					



Deckers' Gloomy Outlook Overshadows Solid Results


						7/28/2017 11:43 AM
					












CLOSEX


Sign-in



















                        Existing NASDAQ.com member? Log in here.  
                    


                By signing into to the site using any of the third-party services above, you agree to NASDAQ.com's Terms of Use.
                


                Welcome back: 

                Log in using your: 
                
                 Account
                
Switch Accounts


















Highest Rated Articles of Last Week



Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results





View All Highest Rated




















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6369.77


-12.42
 ▼ 
0.19%





DJIA

21795.52


-1.03
 ▼ 
0.00%





S&P 500

2469.64


-5.78
 ▼ 
0.23%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017 | 12:27PM


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All
















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar





























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX














































Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc - NASDAQ:EXXI - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc (EXXI)
Follow




                                    19.99
                                

0.36
1.80




                        NASDAQ : Basic Materials
                    

Jul 28, 2017 11:43 AM EDT












Prev Close
  19.63


Open
19.53


Day Low/High

                                    19.53 /
                                    21.17


52 Wk Low/High

                                    0.12 /
                                    4.38
                                


Volume
27.27K


Avg Volume 
223.60K











Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
33.21M


Market Cap
650.28M


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release, Conference Call Date And Participation At Upcoming Conference






Energy XXI Gulf Coast Provides Operational Update













Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces First Quarter 2017 Results


May 22, 2017 6:45 AM EDT









Energy XXI Gulf Coast Provides Final March 31, 2017 Independent Reserve Report Results And Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release And Conference Call Date


May 15, 2017 6:45 AM EDT









Energy XXI Gulf Coast Provides Preliminary Results Of March 31, 2017 Independent Reserve Engineer Report


Apr 27, 2017 6:45 AM EDT









Energy XXI Gulf Coast Appoints Douglas E. Brooks As Chief Executive Officer, President And Board Member


Apr 18, 2017 6:45 AM EDT









Energy XXI Gulf Coast Retains Morgan Stanley To Assist With Strategic Plan


Mar 20, 2017 6:45 AM EDT









Energy XXI Gulf Coast Announces Commencement Of Trading On The Nasdaq Global Select Market


Feb 28, 2017 6:30 AM EST









Recent Chapter 11 Filings Raise Questions About SandRidge Energy
Last month Real Money reported on three troubled oil and gas companies -- two filed for chapter 11 protection this week.

Apr 15, 2016 4:17 PM EDT









Recent Chapter 11 Filings Raise Questions About SandRidge Energy
Last month Real Money reported on three troubled oil and gas companies -- two filed for chapter 11 protection this week.

Apr 15, 2016 4:17 PM EDT













Jim Cramer on Energy XXI’s Bankruptcy
Jim Cramer says there are plenty of lessons to be learned by the bankruptcy of Energy XXI.

Apr 14, 2016 11:15 AM EDT









Energy XXI to Cut $3B Worth of Debt in Chapter 11 Plan
The Houston oil and gas exploration and production company has  reached a deal with its noteholders on the broad strokes of a  restructuring plan.

Apr 14, 2016 10:15 AM EDT













UPDATE -- Energy XXI Enters Restructuring Support Agreement With Second Lien Noteholders To Strengthen Balance Sheet And Reduce Debt


Apr 14, 2016 10:05 AM EDT









Cramer: The Danger of Aces and Eights in Oil
In the end, he was a gambler.

Apr 14, 2016 7:21 AM EDT













April 14 Premarket Briefing: 10 Things You Should Know
U.S. stock futures suggest a weaker start for Wall Street on Thursday. Asian stocks, however, post strong gains following Singapore's surprise easing of monetary policy.

Apr 14, 2016 6:08 AM EDT













Energy XXI Enters Restructuring Support Agreement With Second Lien Noteholders To Strengthen Balance Sheet And Reduce Debt


Apr 14, 2016 3:25 AM EDT









Seeming Progress Comes With More Headaches at Troubled Energy Companies
As Energy XXI, SandRidge Energy and Goodrich Petroleum take steps to correct themselves, even more trouble looms.

Mar 17, 2016 11:36 AM EDT













Energy XXI Makes EPL Interest Payment And Enters Grace Period On EGC Interest Payments
Continues to Evaluate Actions to Strengthen Company's Balance Sheet

Mar 15, 2016 7:15 AM EDT









Linn Energy & Energy XXI Are 'Dead Men Drilling,' Says Cramer
Poorly timed acquisitions in a weak energy market have killed these Texas-based energy companies.

Mar 11, 2016 2:30 PM EST













Trade-Ideas: Energy XXI (EXXI) Is Today's Weak On High Relative Volume Stock
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Energy XXI (EXXI) as a weak on high relative volume candidate

Mar 8, 2016 10:01 AM EST













Energy XXI Announces Receipt Of NASDAQ Notice Of Deficiency


Feb 29, 2016 6:06 PM EST













Energy XXI Suspends Dividend Payment On Preferred Shares


Feb 26, 2016 4:30 PM EST













Energy XXI Announces Investor Relations Department Transition


Feb 24, 2016 5:03 PM EST













Energy XXI Adopts Tax Benefit Preservation Plan To Preserve Valuable Net Operating Losses


Feb 16, 2016 8:26 AM EST













Energy XXI Reports Fiscal 2016 Second Quarter Results And Operations Update


Feb 16, 2016 8:00 AM EST













GM and Fiat Remain Bargains in a Choppy Market, Says Asset Manager
But already troubled energy producers could see more carnage in 2016, said George Schultze, CEO of Schultze Asset Management.

Jan 8, 2016 6:43 PM EST













GM and Fiat Are Strong Buys, Expect More Energy Bankruptcies Ahead
GM and Fiat are bargains in a choppy market, while already troubled energy producers could see more carnage ahead, said George Schultze, CEO of Schultze Asset Management.

Jan 8, 2016 4:18 PM EST













Energy XXI To Present At Capital One Securities 10th Annual Energy Conference


Dec 7, 2015 4:01 PM EST













Energy XXI Declares Regular Quarterly Dividends On Preferred Shares


Nov 19, 2015 4:00 PM EST













EXXI January 2018 Options Begin Trading
Investors in Energy XXI Ltd. saw new options become available today, for the January 2018 expiration.

Nov 16, 2015 11:30 AM EST



















Next






Load More








From Our Partners



Evolution Petroleum's Stock Price Appreciation Is Over

SeekingAlpha



Current Share Prices Compared To Plan Values For Former Bankrupt Energy Companies

SeekingAlpha



Energy XXI to cut workforce by 18%

SeekingAlpha



W&T Offshore - Full-Cost Profitable At $47/bbl

SeekingAlpha



Energy/Materials - Top Gainers / Losers as of 2:00 pm

SeekingAlpha



Energy XXI reports Q1 results

SeekingAlpha



Many U.S. shale producers that filed for bankruptcy have recovered

SeekingAlpha



Energy XXI files to delay Form 10-Q

SeekingAlpha



E&P X-11 Club: Can Swift Shake It (Bankruptcy) Off?

SeekingAlpha



Searching For Value

SeekingAlpha



Energy XXI names Brooks as CEO and President

SeekingAlpha



Got Gas? - Archrock Partners Has A 15% FCF Yield And May Be About To Increase Its Distribution

SeekingAlpha



E&P Bottom Of The Barrel Club #17-1: Land Of Confusion

SeekingAlpha



Drill, Baby, Drill: Bri-Chem Post Earnings Update

SeekingAlpha



Breitburn Energy Bankruptcy Plan - Multiple Plans That May Include Sec 363 Sale Of Assets

SeekingAlpha


































 











Trending


Amazon and General Electric Are Friday's Smoking Hot Tickers: AMZN, TSLA, SBUX, GE, AAPL


Apple Investing Billions in OLED Display


Here Is Why Jim Cramer Doesn't Want to Buy More Starbucks Shares for Action Alerts PLUS


Amazon and Starbucks Team Up to Take Down Nasdaq


Exxon Mobil Stock Tanks on Earnings Miss











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












