

Engaged Capital  I  Contact









 
































Engaged Capital  I  Login









 















Enter your login and password






Login:
Password:
 





























Engaged Capital  I  Professionals








 
















Glenn W. Welling
Principal
        Chief Investment Officer
glenn@engagedcapital.com 
        Mr. Welling is the founder and Chief Investment Officer of Engaged Capital. He is responsible for overseeing all facets of the firm. Prior to Engaged Capital, Mr. Welling was a Principal and Managing Director at Relational Investors, a $6 billion activist equity fund. At Relational, Mr. Welling was responsible for managing the equity fund’s consumer, healthcare and utility group. He was involved in all aspects of Relational’s research process from the identification of investment ideas to the development and implementation of the engagement process with portfolio companies.
 Prior to Relational Investors, Mr. Welling spent seven years as a Managing Director at Credit Suisse as the Head of the Investment Banking Department’s Advisory Business. At Credit Suisse, he built his group from two to fifty people and into one of the leading commercially focused advisory businesses on Wall Street advising on over $100 billion of transactions in his last year there. Mr. Welling joined Credit Suisse when the Firm acquired HOLT Value Associates L.P. (“HOLT”) where he was a Partner and Managing Director. At HOLT, he ran the Corporate and Alliance Services business, advising senior executives and Boards on how their decisions would be viewed and valued by institutional investors. Prior to HOLT, he was the Managing Director of Valuad U.S., a financial software and training company. Prior to leading Valuad U.S., Mr. Welling worked at a number of leading strategy consulting firms including A.T. Kearney and Marakon Associates. He has worked and managed businesses in the United States, Europe, and Asia. 
Mr. Welling is a member of the Board of Directors of Jamba, Inc., a NASDAQ listed leading restaurant retailer of better-for-you food and beverage offerings , ROVI Corporation, a NASDAQ listed provider of digital entertainment technology solutions, and Medifast, Inc., a NYSE listed manufacturer of medically based, proprietary healthy living and meal replacement products. He also teaches executive education courses at the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania, his alma mater, where he was a two year captain and four year letterman on the tennis team. He currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors for the university’s tennis program and as a member of the Wharton Executive Education Board.





 

David Demarest
Chief Operating Officer
david@engagedcapital.com

                    Mr. Demarest serves as the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer at Engaged Capital.  Mr. Demarest is responsible for all middle and back office operations at Engaged Capital. He has worked in the investment management industry for over 22 years, and has extensive experience across finance, operations and compliance.  Prior to joining Engaged Capital, Mr. Demarest spent 10 years as the Chief Administrative Officer at Relational Investors LLC, a $6 billion activist equity fund. Before Relational, he served as Chief Financial Officer of $2.5 Billion AUM Freeman Associates Investment Management, a quantitative investment advisor, and Chief Financial Officer of online investment advisor mPower.com. Before that he was Chief Operating Officer at Montgomery Asset Management, a multi-line investment advisor with $10 Billion under management. Mr. Demarest has also managed the mutual fund operations for the Copeland Companies, and for Wells Fargo Bank, NA. He began his career as an auditor at KPMG in New York City, where he was also licensed as a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Demarest earned a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting from the Bradley University and a Masters in Business Administration from New York University.





 

        Christopher B. Hetrick, CFA
Director 
        Research
chris@engagedcapital.com
        Mr. Hetrick is the Director of Research at Engaged Capital.  His responsibilities include managing the research process from idea generation through to portfolio company communication as well as developing and overseeing the analyst team. 

        Prior to joining Engaged Capital, Mr. Hetrick spent over ten years with Relational Investors, a $6 billion activist equity fund which he joined following completion of his undergraduate studies. Mr. Hetrick began his career with Relational as an associate analyst when the firm had roughly $800 million in assets under management. He eventually became the firm’s senior consumer analyst overseeing over $1 billion in consumer sector investments. Prior to his work heading up the consumer research team, Mr. Hetrick was a generalist covering major investments in the technology, financial, automotive and food sectors. 

        Mr. Hetrick is a member of the Board of Directors of Rent-A-Center, Inc., a NASDAQ listed furniture and electronic rent-to-own company. Mr. Hetrick graduated summa cum laude with degrees in Economics and Finance from Pepperdine University in Malibu, CA. He is also a CFA charterholder.





 

        Richard T. Gray
Chief Client Officer
rich@engagedcapital.com
        Mr. Gray is Chief Client Officer at Engaged Capital. His responsibilities include managing client relationships and new business development for the Firm.

        Prior to joining Engaged Capital, Mr. Gray served two years as a Managing Director with J.P. Morgan Asset Management and was responsible for new business development in their global alternative investments business.  Previously, Mr. Gray spent eight years with the alternative investment firm, Ramius LLC, as a Managing Director responsible for new business and product development where he was a senior member of the team and led business development efforts for Starboard Value.  Before his role at Ramius, Mr. Gray held senior sales management positions with institutional asset managers John A. Levin and Co., Goldman Sachs & Co., United Asset Management and Dreyfus Corporation.

        Mr. Gray graduated with a B.B.A. in Investments, Banking & Finance from Hofstra University.





 

Greg Paulsen, CFA
Director
        Risk Management & Trading
greg@engagedcapital.com
        Mr. Paulsen serves as the Director of Risk Management & Trading at Engaged Capital where he is responsible for the firm’s hedging strategy, portfolio analytics, and trading.

        Prior to joining Engaged Capital, Mr. Paulsen served as a Product Specialist at Relational Investors where he worked alongside the research staff and was responsible for the firm’s portfolio analytics as well as product development. Before joining Relational Investors, Mr. Paulsen was an Assistant Portfolio Manager at Freeman Associates Investment Management where he helped manage several long-short and long only equity strategies. Prior to Freeman, Mr. Paulsen was an Assistant Portfolio Manager at Barclays Global Investors Alpha Strategies Group, where he was accountable for implementing quantitative equity strategies. He started his career as an Analyst with Barra, a provider of risk management tools and analytics for institutional investors. 

        Mr. Paulsen earned a Bachelor’s degree in Economics with a concentration in Finance from California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo and is a CFA Charterholder.





 

Brendan Springstubb,
                    CFA
                  Senior Analyst
brendan@engagedcapital.com
  Mr. Springstubb is a Senior Analyst at Engaged Capital. His responsibilities include idea generation, fundamental research, engagement strategy, and portfolio company communications.
 Prior to joining Engaged Capital, Mr. Springstubb spent nearly eight years at Relational Investors, a $6B activist equity fund. At Relational, Mr. Springstubb was most recently the senior analyst covering the healthcare sector where was responsible for identifying and overseeing activist investment opportunities, communicating with portfolio company management teams, and managing a team of two associate analysts. Prior to leading the healthcare group, Mr. Springstubb was a generalist covering investments in the telecom, financial, and technology sectors.   
Mr. Springstubb is a member of the Board of Directors of SunOpta, Inc., a NASDAQ listed global company focused on organic, non-genetically modified and specialty food products. He earned a Master’s degree in Biotechnology with a dual concentration in Biotechnology Enterprise and Regulatory Affairs from the Johns Hopkins University and a Bachelor’s degree in Economics and Molecular Biology from Pomona College. Mr. Springstubb is also a CFA Charterholder and a Certified Financial Risk Manager




 
 
Blake Zacharias
Senior Analyst
blake@engagedcapital.com
          Mr. Zacharias is  a Senior Analyst at Engaged Capital. Prior to joining Engaged
          Capital, Mr. Zacharias spent four years at Relational Investors, a $6
          billion activist equity fund in San Diego. At Relational, Mr. Zacharias
          served as the primary Analyst covering the Industrials and Materials
          sectors. He assisted the Managing Directors in selecting new investments,
          interacting with portfolio company management teams, and catalyzing strategic
          changes at portfolio companies. 

          Prior to his promotion to Analyst, Mr. Zacharias served as an Associate
          Analyst at Relational Investors and worked on investments in the industrial,
          materials, and financial sectors. Mr. Zacharias joined Relational immediately
          after graduating from Claremont McKenna College, where he graduated Magna
          Cum Laude with degrees in Economics and Mathematics.  




 

William Kafoure
Analyst
will@engagedcapital.com
        Mr. Kafoure is an Analyst at Engaged Capital, working on investments in the consumer and technology sectors. Prior to joining Engaged Capital, Mr. Kafoure was an Analyst at NERA Economic Consulting in San Francisco, where he worked on projects for Fortune 500 technology and energy clients.  
Mr. Kafoure holds a master’s degree in Financial Economics from the University of Oxford, and a bachelor’s degree in International Affairs and Economics from George Washington University, where he graduated Phi Beta Kappa and Summa Cum Laude.





 

Andrew Jung
Controller
ajung@engagedcapital.com
              Mr. Jung serves as the Controller at Engaged Capital.  Mr. Jung is responsible for assisting the Chief Financial Officer with all fund accounting and audit related matters for the firm.  He has worked in the alternative investment industry for over eight years and has extensive experience across various areas of financial accounting and fund operations. 

              Prior to joining Engaged, Mr. Jung was an Operations Associate at Empyrean Capital, a corporate event-driven and relative value investment manager with AUM of $2.2 billion.  Before Empyrean Capital, he was an Accounting Manager at Oaktree Capital Management, an $83 billion private equity firm.  Mr. Jung began his career at Pacific Alternative Asset Management Company as a fund accountant. 

              Mr. Jung earned a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance from the University of Southern California and is a Certified Public Accountant. 




 
Emily Marroquin
Investor Relations Associate
emarroquin@engagedcapital.com
              Ms. Marroquin is an Investor Relations Associate at Engaged Capital. She coordinates investor communications, facilitates preparation of investor materials, and assists in establishing and maintaining investor accounts. Prior to joining Engaged Capital, Ms. Marroquin was a Project Coordinator at Peregrine Realty Partners, a Southern California commercial real estate and investment advisory firm where she assisted in managing the daily operations of their Los Angeles portfolio. Ms. Marroquin earned a Bachelor of Science in Finance from the State University of New York at Oswego.
 



























Engaged Capital  I  Strategy









 
















Undervalued, Premium Assets

Small - Mid Cap Focus







 Companies with strong, defensible franchises
Current market value well below 
                    intrinsic
                    value (>30% PV)
Identifiable reasons for value gap
Multiple paths for value creation
Management and/or Board interested 
                    in creating
                    value for shareholders


$500M - $8B market cap offers
                      
                      highest returns
Most activist funds too large to 
                    invest there
Under-covered by Wall Street research
Engaged Capital’s deep research
                      expertise maximizes opportunities
Our Wall Street connections help 
                    initiate coverage




 
 


Information Advantage
Private Equity Style in Public
                Equities







Knowledge based, phased 
                    investment opportunity
 Stronger conviction leads to 
                    larger investment
Better risk management and 
                    increased returns
Uncorrelated returns to the equity market through catalyst
                          based investing



Engaged Capital becomes the 
                    catalyst for change
Invest for influence not control
Do not have to pay a control premium
High impact dialogue with management/Board
Focus on portfolio companies’ long-term
                      interests (hold 2-5 years)



 
























Engaged Capital  I  Strategy









 
















Undervalued, Premium Assets

Small - Mid Cap Focus







 Companies with strong, defensible franchises
Current market value well below 
                    intrinsic
                    value (>30% PV)
Identifiable reasons for value gap
Multiple paths for value creation
Management and/or Board interested 
                    in creating
                    value for shareholders


$500M - $8B market cap offers
                      
                      highest returns
Most activist funds too large to 
                    invest there
Under-covered by Wall Street research
Engaged Capital’s deep research
                      expertise maximizes opportunities
Our Wall Street connections help 
                    initiate coverage




 
 


Information Advantage
Private Equity Style in Public
                Equities







Knowledge based, phased 
                    investment opportunity
 Stronger conviction leads to 
                    larger investment
Better risk management and 
                    increased returns
Uncorrelated returns to the equity market through catalyst
                          based investing



Engaged Capital becomes the 
                    catalyst for change
Invest for influence not control
Do not have to pay a control premium
High impact dialogue with management/Board
Focus on portfolio companies’ long-term
                      interests (hold 2-5 years)



 
























Engaged Capital  I  News













 













Press Releases 
July 27, 2017
 Engaged Capital Calls on Rent-A-Center CEO Mark Speese to Cease Mischaracterizations to Investors and Calls on Incumbent Directors to Act as Fiduciaries for Stockholders or Resign
July 25, 2017
 Engaged Capital Issues Statement in Respect of Rent-A-Center
June 8, 2017
 All Engaged Capital Nominees Resoundingly Elected to the Board of Rent-A-Center
June 5, 2017
 Engaged Capital Reminds Rent-A-Center Stockholders to Vote BLUE Proxy to Stop Further Value Destruction
June 1, 2017
 Glass Lewis Recommends Rent-A-Center Stockholders Vote for Change on Engaged Capital’s BLUE Proxy
May 30, 2017
 ISS Recommends Rent-A-Center Stockholders Vote for Change on Engaged Capital’s BLUE Proxy
May 22, 2017
 Engaged Capital Releases Second Presentation to Set the Record Straight for Rent-A-Center Stockholders
May 22, 2017
 Engaged Capital Releases Supplemental Presentation to Rent-A-Center Stockholders
May 18, 2017
 Engaged Capital Responds to Rent-A-Center’s Misleading Claims and Reminds Stockholders of the Need for Change
May 2, 2017
 Engaged Capital Releases Presentation to Rent-A-Center Stockholders
May 2, 2017
 Engaged Capital Presentation to Rent-A-Center Stockholders
April 25, 2017
 Engaged Capital Responds to Rent-A-Center Board’s Outrageous Justification for Abusing Stockholder Rights
April 25, 2017
 Engaged Capital Exposes Rent-A-Center Board’s Latest Attempt to Use Corporate Machinery as an Entrenchment Tactic
February 23, 2017
Engaged Capital Nominates Five Highly Qualified Candidates for Election to the Board of Rent-A-Center
February 14, 2017
Engaged Capital Calls on the Board of Rent-A-Center, Inc. to Immediately Begin a Strategic Alternatives Process
December 7, 2016
First Letter to Rent-A-Center Board of Directors
May 27, 2016
MagnaChip Reaches Settlement with Engaged Capital, LLC
May 11, 2016
Engaged Capital Nominees Elected to Benchmark Board
May 4, 2016
Benchmark Shareholders the Time for Action has Arrived; Vote for Change on Engaged Capital’s BLUE Proxy to Elect all Three Engaged Nominees Today
May 2, 2016
Glass Lewis Joins ISS in Recommending Benchmark Shareholders Vote for Change on Engaged Capital’s BLUE Proxy
April 27, 2016
ISS Recommends Benchmark Shareholders Vote for Change on Engaged Capital's BLUE Proxy
April 26, 2016
Engaged Capital Reminds Benchmark Board That Numbers Don’t Lie
April 25, 2016
Engaged Capital Sets the Record Straight in a New Presentation to Benchmark Shareholders
April 21, 2016
Benchmark Electronics’ First Quarter Results Underscore the Need for Change
April 7, 2016
Engaged Capital Fact-checks Benchmark Electronics’ Letter to Shareholders
March 30, 2016
Engaged Capital Issues Open Letter To The Shareholders Of Benchmark Electronics
March 1, 2016
Engaged Capital Nominates Herbert K. Parker For Election To The Board Of Benchmark Electronics
March 1, 2016 
Engaged Capital Responds To Retirement Of Benchmark Electronics Chairman
February 26, 2016
Engaged Capital Nominates Four Highly-Qualified Individuals for Election to the Board of Benchmark Electronics
February 26, 2016
Engaged Capital Responds to Latest Entrenchment Attempt from Benchmark Electronics
February 18, 2016
Presentation: Creating Shareholder Value at Outerwall
February 18, 2016
Letter to Outerwall Board of Directors
February 18, 2016
Engaged capital sends letter to outerwall board outlining Immediate strategy for sustainable value creation
January 28, 2016
HeartWare International Announces Cooperation Agreement With Engaged Capital, LLC
January 28, 2016
HeartWare International And Valtech Cardio, Ltd. Announce Termination Of Proposed Acquisition
January 7, 2016
 Engaged Capital Reiterates Call for HeartWare International to Immediately Terminate Proposed Acquisition of Valtech Cardio
December 30, 2015
 Engaged Capital Nominates Three Highly-Qualified Individuals for Election to the Board of HeartWare International
September 24, 2015
 Engaged Capital Sends Letter to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AeroVironment, Inc.
June 29, 2015
 Engaged Capital Sends Letter to Board of AeroVironment, Inc.
May 13, 2015
 Engaged Capital Nominees Elected to Rovi Board
May 8, 2015
 Send a Message to the Rovi Board – Enough is Enough!
May 6, 2015
 Rovi Shareholders – It’s Time to Change the Channel Vote the WHITE Engaged Capital Proxy to Defend Shareholder Value
May 4, 2015
On the Heels of ISS and Glass Lewis’ Recommendation to Vote Engaged Capital’s White Proxy Card, Rovi Adopts Compensation Changes in Reactive and Overdue Reform
May 1, 2015
Medifast nominates final board members after activist investor shakeup
May 1, 2015
Glass Lewis Joins ISS in Recommending That Rovi Shareholders Vote for Change on Engaged Capital’s WHITE Proxy
April1 28, 2015
ISS Recommends That Rovi Shareholders Vote for Change on Engaged Capital’s White Proxy
April1 6, 2015
Engaged Capital Sends Letter to Fellow Rovi Shareholders
April 6, 2015
Medifast, Inc. Announces Reconstitution Of Board Of Directors And Cooperation Agreement with Engaged Capital
March 26, 2015
Engaged Capital Files Preliminary Proxy Materials for the Election of Three
              Highly-Qualified Directors at the 2015 Annual Meeting of Rovi Corporation
March 12, 2015
Engaged Capital Sends Letter to Board of Rovi Corporation
February 25, 2015
TriMas Appoints Herbert K. Parker to Board of Directors
January 13, 2015
Jamba Agrees to Appoint Two New Independent Directors
December 22, 2014
Engaged Capital Sends Letter to Board of Silicon Image
September 29, 2014
Engaged Capital Sends Letter to Volcano Board of Directors
November 19, 2014
Under pressure from activists, Oplink sells itself to Koch for $445M (OPLK)
November 6, 2014
Oplink Shareholders for Change (OSC) Release Letter to Fellow Shareholders
September 23, 2014
Oplink Shareholders for Change (OSC) Files Preliminary Proxy Materials
April 30, 2014
Engaged Capital Settles Proxy Contest With Abercrombie & Fitch
            April 10, 2014
Rentech Announces $150 Million Investment from Blackstone and Settlement Agreement with Concerned Rentech Shareholders
March 20, 2014
Concerned Rentech Shareholders Solicits Consents to Call Special Meeting to Stop Rentech From Issuing Equity and Defying Shareholder Wishes
March 17, 2014
Concerned Rentech Shareholders Urges Rentech Board to Immediately Halt Capital Raising Plans and Promptly Hold 2014 Annual Meeting
February 20, 2014
Engaged Capital Nominates Five Highly Qualified Candidates for the Board of Abercrombie & Fitch
January 28, 2014
Engaged Capital Responds to Announcement from Abercrombie & Fitch Co.
January 13, 2014
Concerned Rentech Shareholders Seeks to Reconstitute Rentech’s Board
July 17, 2013
Engaged Capital Outlines Path to Achieve Fair Valuation at AeroVironment
May 30, 2013
Leading Activist Equity
              Investors Announce Global Tie-up
September 10, 2012
Engaged
              Capital LLC Announces Strategic Partnership with Grosvenor Capital
          Management.

 
 

Engaged Capital In The News
July 25, 2017
 NB Activist Restarts Battle  (Orange County Business Journal)
July 25, 2017
 Activist Is 'Outraged' that Rent-A-Center Rejected Multiple Bids  (The Street)
July 24, 2017
 UPDATE 1-Rent-A-Center shunned takeover interest from HIG, Lone Star-sources  (CNBC)
July 17, 2017
 How Index Funds Could Turbocharge Activism  (The Street)
July 12, 2017
 Rent-a-Center shares soar after rejecting takeover bid  (New York Post)
July 11, 2017
 Rent-A-Center Shares Surge on Takeover Bid  (CFO)
July 11, 2017
 Rent-A-Center Rejects Takeover Proposal; Stock Jumps  (The Wall Street Journal)
July 11, 2017
 Rent-A-Center Rejects $15-a-Share Vintage Offer Despite Activist's Recent Victory  (The Street)
July 6, 2017
 Amazon's Deal for Whole Foods Could Mean This Organic-Food Company Is Sold Next  (The Street)
June 30, 2017
 Hain Celestial a Star Stock Even Without a Takeover  (Barron's)
June 30, 2017
 Organic Foodmaker Hain Looks Appetizing  (Bloomberg)
June 30, 2017
 Activist Calls out Hain Celestial  (Barron's)
June 30, 2017
 Hain Celestial investor has 9.9% stake, seeks board seats  (Newsday)
June 29, 2017
 Activist Engaged Capital Moves to Overhaul Hain Celestial Board  (The Wall Street Journal)
June 20, 2017
 Hedgie slams Rent-A-Center’s board for taking two-month vacation  (New York Post)
June 8, 2017
 Here's Why an Activist Just Got a Boost in His Rent-A-Center Sale Effort  (The Street)
June 8, 2017
 Rent-A-Center Loses Three Board Seats to Activist Engaged  (Bloomberg)
June1, 2017
 Here's Why Activist Welling Just Got a Second Boost in his Rent-A-Center Sale Effort  (The Street)
May 30, 2017
 Here's Why Activist Glenn Welling Just Got a Boost in His Rent-A-Center Sale Effort  (The Street)
May 23, 2017
 Young Guns of Activism Join Boards at AIG, SunOpta and DepoMed  (The Street)
April 12, 2017
 Rent-A-Center shareholder challenges struggling Plano retailer to a proxy fight  (Dallas News)
April 10, 2017
 Marcato Joins Activist Push for Rent-A-Center Sale  (Bloomberg)
April 5, 2017
6 Stocks That Could Get a Bump From Glenn Welling  (The Street)
March 29, 2017
Rent-A-Center Adopts 'Poison Pill' Following Activist Campaign  (The Street)
February 24, 2017
Activist investor wants shakeup of Rent-A-Center board  (Dallas Business Journal)
February 23, 2017
Engaged Capital seeks Rent-A-Center board change in push for company's sale  (Reuters)
February 17, 2017
Engaged's Welling Escalates Rent-A-Center Campaign, Urges Sale  (The Street)
February 14, 2017
Activist Investor Calls for Rent-A-Center to Sell Itself  (The Wall Street Journal)
February 14, 2017
Rent-A-Center investor urging company to sell itself, citing 75 percent stock nosedive  (Dallas Business Journal)
February 14, 2017
Shareholder tells Rent-A-Center to put itself up for sale  (Dallas News)
January 30, 2017
Rent-A-Center Shares Spike on Glenn Welling's Campaign (The Street)
December 1, 2016
Ranking the Activists for Proxy Season 2016 (The Street)
October 7, 2016
SunOpta Gets Oaktree Investment, Board Seats Including Engaged (Bloomberg)
September 16, 2016
Engaged Capital’s performance aided by Rovi’s strong returns – Activist Profiler (Activistmonitor, the leading provider of predictive intelligence and behavioral data on shareholder activism for the global investment community.)
September 15, 2016
Investor pressure grows at SunOpta as third hedge fund reports stake (Reuters Canada)
September 15, 2016
SunOpta Targeted by Activist Engaged Capital With New Stake (Bloomberg)
July 25, 2016
Redbox Owner Outerwall to Be Acquired for About $900 Million (The New York Times)
July 25, 2016
Outerwall, owner of Redbox and Coinstar, going private in $1.6B deal (The Seattle Times)
July 25, 2016
Apollo Global affiliates to take Outerwall private in $1.6 billion deal (Reuters)
July 25, 2016
In Shock to Short-Sellers, Apollo Pays $1.6B for Outerwall (The Street)
June 27, 2016
Medtronic buys heart failure specialist HeartWare for $1.1 billion (Star Tribune)
June 27, 2016
Medtronic Acquires HeartWare With Some Activist Inspiration (The Street)
July 20, 2016
Engaged looks for a path to resolve a company’s valuation issues - Activist Profiler (Activistmonitor, the leading provider of predictive intelligence and behavioral data on shareholder activism for the global investment community.)
May 27, 2016
MagnaChip Settles With Activist in Deal That Could Lead to a Sale (The Street)
May 11, 2016
Benchmark Electronics’ Activist Engaged Wins Two Board Seats (Bloomberg)
May 11, 2016
Engaged Capital earns two seats on Benchmark's board (Reuters)
April 12, 2016
Outerwall agrees with activist investor to add 3 directors (Reuters)
April 12, 2016
Outerwall adds 3 members to board at urging of activist investor (The Seattle Times)
April 12, 2016
Redbox Parent Gives Board Seats To A Major Critic As It Weighs Options (Deadline)
April 12, 2016
Outerwall Adds Three Directors to Settle With Engaged Capital (Bloomberg)
April 12, 2016
What's Next for These 5 Companies Targeted by Activist Investor Glenn Welling? (The Street)
April 12, 2016
Redbox Owner Outerwall to Add Three to Board in Deal With Activist (The Walll Street Journal)
March 30, 2016
Benchmark Electronics pushes back against activist investors (Houston Chronicle)
March 14, 2016
Outerwall To Explore Strategic And Financial Alternatives To Maximize Shareholder Value (PR Newswire)
February 22, 2016
Activist Investor Urges Redbox Parent to Go Private (The Walll Street Journal)
February 18, 2016
Redbox Parent Outerwall Faces Increased Investor Pressure to Go Private (Variety)
February 8, 2016
Outerwall Said Targeted by Activist Welling's Engaged Capital (Bloomberg Business)
November 27, 2015
Small-Cap Activism Raging (Seeking Alpha)
November 25, 2015
Pinnacle to Buy Boulder for $710 Million to Add Natural Food (Bloomberg)
October 6, 2015
Engaged Capital Pressures HeartWare to Drop Valtech Deal (The Street)
October 5, 2015
A Comp Consultant and an Activist Debate Finer Points of Executive Pay (Repartee)
October 5, 2015
Engaged Capital Opposes HeartWare Deal for Valtech Cardio (The Wall Street Journal)
August 14, 2015
Small but dutiful: How to pursue change without filing (The Deal Pipeline)
August 6, 2015
Boulder Brands Receives Transaction Interest, Exploring Options (Bloomberg Business)
July 29, 2015
Boulder Brands Targeted by Activist Welling’s Engaged Capital (Bloomberg)
July 29, 2015
Activists pile into MagnaChip as chipmaker reviews strategic options (The Deal Pipeline)
July 29, 2015
Another Activist Enters The MagnaChip Semiconductor Corporation (MX) Fray (Insider Monkey)
July 29, 2015
Boulder Brands targeted by activist investor Engaged Capital (The Denver Post)
July 24, 2015
Ranking the activists for proxy season 2015 (The Deal)
July 24, 2015
Activists continue to squeeze value out of Jamba (The Deal)
June 18, 2015
Medifast CEO 'very pleased' after shareholders approve board overhaul (Baltimore Business Journal)
May 13, 2015
Rovi Activist Engaged Wins Two Board Seats, Ousts Chairman (Bloomberg)
May 4, 2015
Engaged's Welling gets second boost with Glass Lewis backing at Rovi (ROVI) (The Deal)
April 28, 2015
Engaged's Welling gets early lift with ISS backing at Rovi (The Deal)
April 6, 2015
Medifast to overhaul board of directors after activist shareholder pressure (The Baltimore Sun)
April 6, 2015
Medifast CEO: Activist Investor Glenn Welling Accelerated Board Changes (Baltimore Business Journal)
April 6, 2015
Medifast Adds Board Members in Agreement with Engaged Capital (The Wall Street Journal)
April 3, 2015
Jamba to Sell 100 Stores for $36 Million in Cash (The Wall Street Journal)
March 30, 2015
At Rovi, Activist Investor's Years of Protests Against Executive Pay May Give Leverage on Board (The Street)
March 12, 2015
Rovi Activist Engaged Declares Proxy Fight for Board Control (Bloomberg)
January 28, 2015
Engaged Capital Scores Quick Win with Silicon Image (The Wall Street Journal)
January 17, 2015
Lattice Semiconductor Shells Out $600 Million for Silicon Image (The Street)
January 13, 2015
What Will The New Jamba Juice Look Like? (Buzzfeed)
January 13, 2015
Jamba Juice Already Added Kale. Now It’s Adding Two Activists (Wall Street Journal)
December 22, 2014
Silicon Image targeted by activist investor Engaged Capital (Chicago Tribune)
September 23, 2014
Field Experience Helps Win Board Seats (Wall Street Journal)
August, 2014
High Impact Dialog – An Interview with Glenn Welling of Engaged Capital (Activist Monthly)
August 1, 2014
Oplink Strategic Review Fails to Satisfy Activists (The Street) 
July 29, 2014
Oplink to Explore Segment Sale Following Activist Pressure (Wall Street Journal)
July 24, 2014
Jamba Juice Gets Squeezed by Activist (Wall Street Journal)
July 15, 2014
Activists Join Fray at Oplink Communications (The Street)
July 14, 2014
Activists Urge Separation of Oplink's Connected Unit -- Update (Wall Street Journal)
June 18, 2014
The next generation of shareholder activists (IR Magazine)
May 14, 2014
Medifast Newest Target of Activist Investor Engaged Capital (Bloomberg)
March 12, 2014
The Deal’s guide to activists: A program for proxy season (The Deal)
February 25, 2014
Behind the Scenes of the Abercrombie Boardroom Battle (BuzzFeed Business) 
            February 10, 2014
Who’s Barking? (The Deal Pipeline) 
January 13, 2014
Terms of Engagement:  Activist Investor Prefers Low Profile But Will Take Fights Public (Orange County Business Journal) 
December 9, 2013
Abercrombie & Fitch
            Renews Contract With CEO (The Wall Street Journal)
December 3, 2013
Engaged Capital Tells Abercrombie: Replace
            CEO (The Wall Street Journal)
December 3, 2013
Activist Fund Seeks Change at the Top of Abercrombie (NY Times DealBook)
December 3, 2013
Abercrombie
            Advances After Call for New CEO, Possible Sale (Bloomberg)
December 3, 2013
Under the Threshold Activism Below 5% (The Activist Report – 13D Monitor)
December 3, 2013
Engaged Capital
              Sends Letter to Abercrombie & Fitch Board of Directors
November 30, 2013
How to Profit From Today's Shareholder Activism (Barron’s)
November 13, 2013
Volcano Corp. Seen
              Luring Abbott With Activist Push: Real M&A (Bloomberg)
November 12, 2013
Corporate Governance the Focus for a New Type of Activist Investor (Activist Insight – Josh
              Black)
November 6, 2013
Investor Activism Erupts At Volcano (Seeking Alpha)
November 6, 2013
Volcano Faces Activist Fire Over Missed Forecasts (The
              Wall Street Journal)
November 4, 2013
Engaged Capital Calls on Volcano to Consider $200 Million Buyback (The
              Wall Street Journal)
September 3, 2013
Engaged Lays out Plans for AeroVironment Campaign (Activist
              Insight – Josh Black)
July 24, 2013
The Deal Pipeline (Tatjana Kulkarni)
July 17, 2013
Activist investment firm buys 5.1% of drone maker AeroVironment (Los
              Angeles Times) 
July 17, 2013
Engaged Capital
            Takes Stake of About 5% in AeroVironment (The Wall Street Journal)
July 11, 2013
Young Guns of Activism - Engaged Capital (The Activist Report – 13D
              Monitor)
May 31, 2013
Two activist hedge fund firms join efforts and plan new strategy (Opalesque
              Ltd.)
May 30, 2013
Pension-backed
            Governance for Owners in activism partnership with ex-Relational
            MD (Responsible Investor) 
March 7, 2013
11th Annual Investment Strategies Conference. Hosted by Luther King
                Capital Management Center for 
              Financial Studies at the Neeley School
              of Business at TCU and the TCU Endowment Office 
              (Neeley School
            of Business) January 29, 2013
Glenn
              Welling speaker at 2013 Directors Forum. Forum brings together
              over thirty-five of the top corporate governance thought leaders
              in the U.S.  (Photos
              of Directors Forum)

              January, 18, 2013
Special Report:  Shareholder Activism Review 2012 (Activist Insight)
December 3, 2012
Studies reveal the value of activism; Data suggests that investors
                who actively engage with the 
              companies they own can outperform
              more hands-off rivals  (Financial News)

September 13, 2012
New Small-Cap Activist
            Wins Grosvenor Seed. (FINalternatives) 
September 12, 2012
Engaged
            Capital launches with $85M seed investment from Grosvenor Capital
            Management. (Opalesque)
September 12, 2012
Activist investment firm Engaged
            Capital launched this month. (Hedge Fund Net) 
 
























Engaged Capital  I  Home









 



























    Greg Paulsen | engaged capital , llc | ZoomInfo.com 



Engaged Capital Issues Statement in Respect of Rent-A-Center | Business Wire


























































Engaged Capital Issues Statement in Respect of Rent-A-Center






July 11, 2017 04:31 PM Eastern Daylight Time



NEWPORT BEACH, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Engaged 
      Capital, LLC (together with its affiliates, “Engaged Capital”), an 
      investment firm specializing in enhancing the value of small and mid-cap 
      North American equities with a 20.5% economic exposure to Rent-A-Center, 
      Inc. (“RCII” or the “Company”) (NASDAQ:RCII), today issued the 
      following statement regarding its investment in Rent-A-Center:
    


      “We are pleased to see the announcement of a proposal to acquire 
      Rent-A-Center at a significant premium to yesterday’s stock price (35%) 
      and a very strong premium to the unaffected stock price before any 
      outside involvement (85%). We have and continue to believe that the 
      Board should be fully exploring all strategic options to maximize 
      shareholder value. The Board’s response is troubling on many levels and 
      we hope it does not reflect a continued view of entrenchment and loyalty 
      to the founder as opposed to the shareholders, who voted for significant 
      change at the company’s annual meeting last month,” said Glenn W. 
      Welling, Chief Investment Officer of Engaged Capital.
    

About Engaged Capital:


Engaged 
      Capital, LLC (“Engaged Capital”) was established in 2012 by a group 
      of professionals with significant experience in activist investing in 
      North America and was seeded by Grosvenor Capital Management, L.P., one 
      of the oldest and largest global alternative investment managers. 
      Engaged Capital is a limited liability company owned by its principals 
      and formed to create long-term shareholder value by bringing an owner’s 
      perspective to the managements and boards of undervalued public 
      companies. Engaged Capital’s efforts and resources are dedicated to a 
      single investment style, “Constructive Activism” with a focus on 
      delivering superior, long-term, risk-adjusted returns for investors. 
      Engaged Capital is based in Newport Beach, California.
    




Contacts

Media Contact:Bayfield Strategy, Inc.Riyaz Lalani, 
      (416) 907-9365rlalani@bayfieldstrategy.com









Release Summary
Engaged Capital issues statement in respect of Rent-A-Center.






Contacts

Media Contact:Bayfield Strategy, Inc.Riyaz Lalani, 
      (416) 907-9365rlalani@bayfieldstrategy.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












﻿
























Engaged Capital LLC Purchases Shares of 1,887,332 The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:HAIN) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for The Hain Celestial Group Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor The Hain Celestial Group Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Engaged Capital LLC Purchases Shares of 1,887,332 The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:HAIN)
NRG Energy Target of Unusually High Options Trading (NYSE:NRG)
Navigator Holdings Ltd. (NYSE:NVGS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
New Gold Inc. (NYSE:NGD) Sees Large Growth in Short Interest
Independence Realty Trust Inc (NYSE:IRT) Short Interest Update
Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Lincoln National Corporation (NYSE:LNC) Issued By Langen Mcalenn
Fortinet, Inc. (NASDAQ:FTNT) Upgraded to Positive at OTR Global
1ST SUFFIEL FINANC COM (NYSE:FSFF) Stock Rating Lowered by Maxim Group
Ulta Beauty Inc. (NASDAQ:ULTA) Earns Market Perform Rating from Wells Fargo & Company
Towne Bank (TOWN) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
The Ultimate Software Group’s (NASDAQ:ULTI) Buy Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group
Corning Incorporated (NYSE:GLW) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Strong-Buy
AZZ Inc. (AZZ) Given New $56.00 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus
vTv Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:VTVT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell”
J.M. Smucker Company (The) (NYSE:SJM) Director Purchases $30,152.50 in Stock
City Of London Investment Grou Sells 7,562 Shares of Latin American (NYSE:LDF) Stock
MSG Networks Inc. (NYSE:MSGN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Encana Corporation (ECA) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Raymond James Financial, Inc.
Capstar Financial Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:CSTR) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
433,400 Shares in Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Acquired by Point72 Asset Management L.P.


 


Engaged Capital LLC Purchases Shares of 1,887,332 The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:HAIN)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 

Engaged Capital LLC purchased a new position in shares of The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:HAIN) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm purchased 1,887,332 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $70,208,000. The Hain Celestial Group accounts for approximately 17.8% of Engaged Capital LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 2nd largest position. Engaged Capital LLC owned about 1.82% of The Hain Celestial Group as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in The Hain Celestial Group by 10,665.5% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 8,539,738 shares of the company’s stock worth $317,676,000 after buying an additional 8,460,413 shares during the last quarter. Glenview Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in The Hain Celestial Group during the first quarter worth about $102,266,000. FMR LLC increased its stake in The Hain Celestial Group by 40.0% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 7,899,213 shares of the company’s stock worth $293,851,000 after buying an additional 2,258,735 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank bought a new stake in The Hain Celestial Group during the fourth quarter worth about $30,790,000. Finally, Litespeed Management L.L.C. bought a new stake in The Hain Celestial Group during the first quarter worth about $19,916,000. Institutional investors own 86.70% of the company’s stock. 




Shares of The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. (HAIN) opened at 43.79 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $37.03 and its 200 day moving average is $37.15. The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. has a 52 week low of $31.01 and a 52 week high of $56.99. The stock’s market capitalization is $4.54 billion. 


 Get The Hain Celestial Group Inc. alerts:



The Hain Celestial Group (NASDAQ:HAIN) last released its earnings results on Thursday, June 22nd. The company reported $0.33 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.52 by $0.19. The Hain Celestial Group had a negative return on equity of 1.09% and a negative net margin of 0.75%. The company had revenue of $706.56 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $721 million. Analysts anticipate that The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. will post $1.20 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The Hain Celestial Group declared that its Board of Directors has approved a stock buyback program on Thursday, June 22nd that allows the company to buyback $250.00 million in outstanding shares. This buyback authorization allows the company to reacquire shares of its stock through open market purchases. Stock buyback programs are generally an indication that the company’s leadership believes its stock is undervalued. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Engaged Capital LLC Purchases Shares of 1,887,332 The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:HAIN)” was originally reported by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/25/engaged-capital-llc-takes-position-in-the-hain-celestial-group-inc-hain-updated.html. 
Several brokerages recently issued reports on HAIN. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc set a $46.00 price objective on The Hain Celestial Group and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, July 18th. Maxim Group upgraded The Hain Celestial Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday, July 13th. Citigroup Inc. restated a “buy” rating and set a $46.00 price objective (down from $62.00) on shares of The Hain Celestial Group in a research report on Monday, July 10th. Vetr downgraded The Hain Celestial Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $39.79 price objective for the company. in a research report on Monday, July 10th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company set a $42.00 price objective on The Hain Celestial Group and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, July 1st. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. The Hain Celestial Group has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $41.21.
The Hain Celestial Group Company Profile
The Hain Celestial Group, Inc is an organic and natural products company. The Company and its subsidiaries manufacture, market, distribute and sell organic and natural products under brand names which are sold as better-for-you products. The Company’s segments include United States, United Kingdom, Hain Pure Protein and Rest of World. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for The Hain Celestial Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Hain Celestial Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Engaged Capital, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 12:30 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Engaged Capital, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Engaged Capital, LLC is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. It invests in the public equity markets of the globe. The firm invests value stocks of companies with small to mid market capitalizations across diversified sectors. It employs fundamental analysis to create its portfolio. The firm obtains external research to complement its in-house research. Engaged Capital, LLC was founded in February 2012, and is based in Newport Beach, California.


610 Newport Center DriveSuite 250Newport Beach, CA 92660United StatesFounded in 2012



Phone: 949-734-7900

Fax: 949-734-7901

www.engagedcapital.com







Key Executives for Engaged Capital, LLC




Mr. David Earl Demarest CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. Glenn William Welling


      	Chief Investment Officer and Principal
      


Age: 46
        







Mr. Christopher Bayer Hetrick CFA


      	Director of Research and Member
      








Mr. Greg Paulsen CFA


      	Director of Risk Management and Trading
      








Mr. Richard Todd Gray


      	Chief Client Officer and Member
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Engaged Capital, LLC Key Developments

Engaged Put Forward Proposals Include Sale Of Hain
Jul 2 17
Engaged Capital, LLC said it could put forward proposals to the business on a range of issues, including a possible sale of the The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. (NasdaqGS:HAIN). 


Rent-A-Center May Go For Direct Sale
Jun 8 17
Rent-A-Center, Inc. (NasdaqGS:RCII) may go for outright sale. Engaged Capital, LLC's, holder of 16.9% stake in Rent-A-Center, three nominees to the rent-to-own retailer’s board were resoundingly elected at the annual meeting, effectively pushing co-founder and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Speese out of his Chairman gig. Engaged Capital has been pushing for the company to consider a sale, casting doubt on the retailer’s three-year turnaround plan.


SunOpta Continues With Strategic Review
Sep 15 16
SunOpta Inc. (TSX:SOY) and Engaged Capital, LLC entered into confidentiality agreement regarding strategic review process of Sunopta. Engaged Capital says it will facilitate continued discussions with Sunopta.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      July 11, 2017
			    
Rent-A-Center, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Engaged Capital, LLC, please visit www.engagedcapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














News on Engaged Capital LLC


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Organization                            


                                        Engaged Capital LLC                                        ▼





                                Topic                            


                                        All Topics                                        ▼








People

                                    Find news about people
                                





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Engaged Capital LLC











Engaged Capital Calls on Rent-A-Center CEO Mark Speese to Cease Mischaracterizations to Investors and Calls on Incumbent Directors to Act as Fiduciaries for Stockholders or Resign


                                July 27, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Engaged Capital, LLC (together with its affiliates, "Engaged Capital" or "we"), an investment firm ...
                                









Engaged Capital Issues Statement in Respect of Rent-A-Center


                                July 25, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Engaged Capital, LLC (together with its affiliates, "Engaged Capital"), an investment firm specializing in ...
                                









Rent-A-Center shunned takeover interest from HIG, Lone Star, say sources: Reuters 


                                July 24, 2017                                 • 
                                peHUB                            


                                  ... which Vintage Capital controls, and Aaron’s Inc (AAN.N). In January, activist investor Engaged Capital disclosed a large stake in the company, encouraged it to explore ...
                                









The Morning Brief: Hedge Fund Threatens Proxy Fight at Hain Celestial


                                July 24, 2017                                 • 
                                AR Alpha                            


                                  ... surged 8.6 percent, to close at $38.82, after activist hedge fund firm Engaged Capital disclosed a 9.9 percent in the organic foods company and said ...
                                









Engaged Capital LLC disclosed in a filing on June 28, 2017 that it increased its stake in Hain Celestial Group, Inc.


                                July 14, 2017                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Engaged Capital LLC disclosed in a filing on May 5, 2017 that it reduced its stake in Jamba, Inc.


                                July 12, 2017                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Engaged Capital LLC disclosed in a filing on June 19, 2017 that it reduced its stake in Rent-A-Center, Inc.


                                July 11, 2017                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Engaged Capital Issues Statement in Respect of Rent-A-Center


                                July 11, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Engaged Capital, LLC (together with its affiliates, "Engaged Capital"), an investment firm specializing in ...
                                









Vintage Capital offers to buy Rent-A-Center for $800 million. says letter: Reuters 


                                July 11, 2017                                 • 
                                peHUB                            


                                  ... three of Rent-A-Center’s board directors after a campaign by activist hedge fund Engaged Capital for major changes ended in a full-blown proxy fight. Three of ...
                                









Hain Celestial investor has 9.9% stake, seeks board seats 


                                July 1, 2017                                 • 
                                Newsday (New York)                            


                                  ... Activist investor Glenn Welling and his California-based hedge fund Engaged Capital have disclosed a 9.9 percent stake in Hain Celestial Group Inc. ...
                                









Early movers: BAC, MSFT, NKE, MU, AOBC, APRN, S, TSLA & more


                                June 30, 2017                                 • 
                                CNBC                            


                                  ... business. Hain Celestial – Hain's board is being targeted by activist investor Engaged Capital, which disclosed a 9.9 percent stake in the organic products company. ...
                                









The Morning Brief: Rent-A-Center's Shareholders Elect Activist's Nominees


                                June 26, 2017                                 • 
                                AR Alpha                            


                                  ... a proxy fight. Shareholders of Rent-A-Center elected the three nominees proposed by Engaged Capital to the company's board of directors: Jeffrey Brown, Mitchell Fadel and ...
                                









Rent-A-Center founder voted off board of directors


                                June 9, 2017                                 • 
                                The Dallas Morning News                            


                                  ... for an alternative slate of board members nominated by activist shareholder Engaged Capital LLC. That means chairman and founder Mark Speese is off the board. ...
                                









Foodler to be bought by GrubHub


                                June 9, 2017                                 • 
                                The Boston Globe                            


                                  ... directors added to Rent-A-Center board Rent-A-Center Inc. lost its proxy fight with Engaged Capital as shareholders voted for all three dissident directors nominated by the ...
                                









All Engaged Capital Nominees Resoundingly Elected to the Board of Rent-A-Center


                                June 8, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Engaged Capital, LLC (together with its affiliates, "Engaged Capital"), an investment firm specializing in ...
                                









Rent-A-Center, Inc. Clarifies Voting Procedures Regarding the Company's 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders


                                June 5, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... overseeing the nation's leading rent-to-own retailer, particularly while executing an operational turnaround. Engaged Capital's director nominees do NOT bring incremental expertise or experience to the ...
                                









Rent-A-Center Comments on ISS Report


                                May 29, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... initiatives underway. In stark contrast to Rent-A-Center's three highly-qualified and experienced nominees, Engaged Capital's nominees add no incremental skills to the current Board and generally ...
                                









Engaged Capital Releases Second Presentation to Set the Record Straight for Rent-A-Center Stockholders


                                May 22, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Engaged Capital, LLC (together with its affiliates, "Engaged Capital"), an investment firm specializing in ...
                                









Rent-A-Center, Inc. Highlights How Engaged Capital is Seeking to Advance Its Own Interests at the Expense of All Other Stockholders


                                May 22, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... on June 8, 2017. As you know, activist hedge fund Engaged Capital, LLC ("Engaged Capital") is seeking to replace three of our highly-qualified and accomplished ...
                                









Engaged Capital Responds to Rent-A-Center's Misleading Claims and Reminds Stockholders of the Need for Change


                                May 18, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Engaged Capital, LLC (together with its affiliates, "Engaged Capital" or "we"), an investment firm ...
                                









Rent-A-Center, Inc. Highlights Inexperience of Engaged Capital Nominees


                                May 15, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... the Rent-A-Center Board of Directors. As you know, hedge fund Engaged Capital, LLC ("Engaged Capital") has nominated a dissident slate of director nominees to replace ...
                                









Engaged Capital Sets the Record Straight on Rent-A-Center's Misleading Letter to Stockholders


                                May 9, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Engaged Capital, LLC (together with its affiliates, "Engaged Capital" or "we"), an investment firm ...
                                









Rent-A-Center, Inc. Letter to Stockholders Highlights the Strength of its Board of Directors and Commitment to Strong Corporate Governance


                                May 8, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... stockholder returns of 2,571%2 versus 467% for the S&P 500. Engaged Capital, LLC ("Engaged Capital"), a hedge fund that owns Rent-A-Center stock, seeks to replace ...
                                









Engaged Capital Releases Presentation to Rent-A-Center Stockholders


                                May 2, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Engaged Capital, LLC (together with its affiliates, "Engaged Capital"), an investment firm specializing in ...
                                









Rent-A-Center, Inc. Mails Definitive Proxy Materials in Connection with 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders


                                May 1, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... stockholders. This year, your vote is especially important given that Engaged Capital, LLC ("Engaged Capital"), a hedge fund that owns Rent-A-Center stock, has indicated that ...
                                







Related News Feeds






Board and Executive Moves involving Engaged Capital LLC







Hedge Funds







Board and Executive Moves in Hedge Funds







Alumni of Engaged Capital LLC

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













