










 




	Entvantage Diagnostics Inc Receives Top Honors At The 5th Annual Texas Life Science Forum













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Entvantage Diagnostics, Inc. Receives Top Honors At The 5th Annual Texas Life Science Forum 











Tweet








6/9/2016 11:16:55 AM




  Life Sciences Jobs
 


  &bullet; Newest Jobs - Last 24 Hours


  &bullet; California Jobs


  &bullet; Massachusetts Jobs


  &bullet; New Jersey Jobs


  &bullet; Maryland Jobs


  &bullet; Washington Jobs


  View More Jobs


AUSTIN, Texas, June 8, 2016 /PRNewswire-iReach/ -- Entvantage Diagnostics, Inc. was recognized as one of the Rice Alliance 10 Most Promising Life Science Companies at the 2016 Texas Life Science Forum hosted by the Rice Alliance for Technology and Entrepreneurship and BioHouston and Texas Healthcare and BioScience Institute at the BioScience Research Collaborative in Houston, May 26. The companies were chosen by industry experts and investors.Entvantage Diagnostics, an Austin, TX based diagnostic company, provides physicians with point-of-care information on the underlying cause of ear, nose and throat illnesses.  Its first product, a diagnostic test for bacterial sinusitis detection, will allow physicians to easily identify the three most common bacterial pathogens associated with bacterial sinusitis and know which patients will be helped from antibiotic prescription from the vast majority of those that don't need them.  Currently, approximately 80% of patients receive antibiotic prescriptions for sinusitis, although less than 10% of patients are benefitted from their use."Entvantage is delighted to have been selected in 2014 and again this year as recipient of the Most Promising Life Science Company", said Joe Skraba, President and CEO of Entvantage Dx, "The Rice Alliance-BioHouston meeting is the premier life science forum in Texas, it is filled with exciting life science companies.  To be selected from this long list of great companies is a real tribute to our company" continued Skraba.More than 50 startup companies presented their three-minute business plan presentations at the forum. An additional six Nasdaq-listed life science companies provided status updates."Every year the quality of companies improves," said Rice Alliance Managing Director Brad Burke, who announced the winners at the event. "This year we had a diversity of companies, both in offerings as well as maturity. We highlighted 52 startups in addition to six more mature Nasdaq listed companies. These companies demonstrated the diversity of innovation, talent, investment, potential and success in life science industry."The event is one of the largest life science venture capital conferences in the Southwest and featured more than 40 industry and investment speakers. Among the 500 attendees were venture capitalists and other investors, entrepreneurs, industry representatives, business leaders and service providers.  About Entvantage DiagnosticsEntvantage Diagnostics, an Austin, TX based diagnostic company that provides physicians with point-of-care information on the underlying cause of ear, nose and throat illnesses.  Its first product market opportunity exceeds $2 billion the initial targeted markets annually.  Use of the FDA Class II kit will improve the accuracy of their diagnosis, reduce the amount of antibiotics prescribed unnecessarily to treat sinusitis, and increase revenue to the clinic using established CPT reimbursement codes.MEDIA CONTACT: zach@entv-dx.comAbout The Rice Alliance for Technology and EntrepreneurshipThe Rice Alliance for Technology and Entrepreneurship is Rice University's nationally recognized initiative devoted to the support of technology commercialization, entrepreneurship education and the launch of technology companies. It was formed as a strategic alliance of three Rice schools: the George R. Brown School of Engineering, the Wiess School of Natural Sciences and the Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Business. Since inception in 1999, more than 1,700 early-stage companies have presented at the 170+ programs hosted by the Rice Alliance and raised more than $3.3 billion in funding.About BioHoustonBioHouston, Inc. is a non-profit corporation founded by Houston area academic/research institutions.  We are leading a broad effort to establish the Houston region as a vigorous global competitor in life science and biotechnology commercialization.  Our mission is to create an environment that will stimulate technology transfer and research commercialization, thereby generating economic wealth for the Houston region and making it a global competitor in life science commercialization.  BioHouston's activities provide the greatest leverage in making the Houston region a world-class competitor in the life science industry.  All of our activities are designed to:  CONVENE people and organizations that need to come together to make the life science industry in Houston ignite, including scientists, intellectual property and product development experts, venture capitalists, pharmaceutical companies, and others.  COMMUNICATE and interact so that people and organizations can learn from one another, share information and explore opportunities.  CATALYZE the discoveries and commercial development so that the true potential of the life science industry in Houston can be unlocked.Media Contact:Joe Skraba, Entvantage Diagnostics, Inc., 5124316071, jskraba@entv-dx.comNews distributed by PR Newswire iReach: https://ireach.prnewswire.comSOURCE  Entvantage Diagnostics, Inc






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Study Utilizing EIMinda’s BNA Awarded The International Clinical Scholar Award At American College Of Sports Medicine Annual Meeting  Forentis Fund Launched To Bring Personalized Medical Solutions To Market
  Could Google (GOOG)'s Verily be the Next Theranos?  Abbott (ABT) Tries to Bail Out of $5.8 Billion Deal as Alere (ALR) Faces Bribery Probes, But it Won't Be Easy  What Biotechs Can Learn From Banking Scandals  Theranos CEO Elizabeth Holmes Will Get to Keep Her Honorary Doctorate from Pepperdine University Top 8 Asia Biopharma Clusters Of 2016  ASCO2016: After NantHealth (NH) Explodes onto the Market, Patrick Soon-Shiong Prepares for Two More  Thermo Fisher Scientific (TMO) Expands into Pharma Market, Antes Up $4.2 Billion for FEI Company From $4.5 Billion To Nothing: Forbes Revises Estimated Net Worth Of Theranos Founder Elizabeth Holmes 




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com








             
        





                            •
                            Diagnostics




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














ENTvantage Diagnostics, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 12:36 PM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of ENTvantage Diagnostics, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
ENTvantage Diagnostics, Inc. is a medical diagnostics company that develops and markets in-office diagnostic tests that provide primary care and ENT physicians with timely information on the causes of ear, nose, and throat illnesses. Its products include Sinu-Now Collection Device that allows physicians and nurses to collect mucus samples from the middle meatus region of the sinus; and BacDtect-3 Assay that allows physicians to test sinusitis patients to determine if the patients’ symptoms are caused by bacterial pathogens and or the more common viral cause. The company was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Austin, Texas.


4200 Marathon BoulevardSuite 200Austin, TX 78756United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 512-431-6071

www.entvantagedx.com







Key Executives for ENTvantage Diagnostics, Inc.




Mr. Joe Skraba


      	Chief Executive Officer and President
      








Dr. Subinoy Das M.D., FACS


      	Chief Medical Officer and Member of Scientific Advisory Board
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

ENTvantage Diagnostics, Inc. Key Developments

ENTvantage Diagnostics, Inc. Presents at Redefining Early Stage Investments (RESI) Conference, Sep-13-2016
Sep 9 16
ENTvantage Diagnostics, Inc. Presents at Redefining Early Stage Investments (RESI) Conference, Sep-13-2016 . Venue: The Westin Copley Place, 10 Huntington Ave, Boston, MA 02116, United States.


ENTvantage Diagnostics, Inc. Presents at Redefining Early Stage Investments (RESI) Conference 2016, Jan-12-2016
Jan 7 16
ENTvantage Diagnostics, Inc. Presents at Redefining Early Stage Investments (RESI) Conference 2016, Jan-12-2016 . Venue: Marine's Memorial Club & Hotel, 609 Sutter St, San Francisco, CA 94102, United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 .decimal, Inc. United States 20/20 GeneSystems Inc. United States 20/20 Imaging LLC United States 21st Century Scientific, Inc. United States 21X Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ENTvantage Diagnostics, Inc., please visit www.entvantagedx.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	ENTvantage Diagnostics Inc. - Company Profile - BioCentury




























































Publications
archives
BCIQ
Conferences
version 4.3.15.600





Free Trial / Subscribe


SIGN IN



English
简体中文
日本語
한국어







Biocentury





Menu





                                        Home
                                        
+




                                        Publications
                                        
+



Publications Home >


BioCentury>


BC Innovations>


BC Extra>


BC Week In Review>


Current Issues>




Archives 
                                        
+



Archives Home >


Basic Search>


Advanced Search>


Back Issues>




BCIQ
                                        
+



BCIQ Home >


Overview>


Pipeline Analyst>


Financial Analyst>


Company Analyst>


Deal Analyst>




Conferences 
                                        
+




Conferences Home >


Newsmakers


Bio€quity Europe


Future Leaders


China Healthcare Summit


Other Industry Events





eLearning 
                                        
+



eLearning Home >


Videos>


White Papers>


                                            Follow Us
                                            


























BCIQ / Company Profile


BCIQ Overview   |    
                        Settings   |   
                        Support















Biocentury



Print this                                                    
                        
















                         
                            

    

    

    
                         
                        



                            ENTvantage Diagnostics Inc.
                        









print preview


export


bookmark


share with colleague





















General Information
                    






 Location

Austin, Texas


 Region

Texas


 Country

U.S.


 Business Category

Diagnostic


 Year Founded

2013


 Website

http://www.entvantagedx.com



 Lead Product Status

Development (diagnostic)






















 Archive Items are loading
                            













 Financial Information
                        






 Financing
                                                Summary







 Financing Details







 Earnings
                                    Summary
                                






 Stocks Annual Chart
                                





















 Pipeline Information
                        






 Pipeline
                                                Summary







 Pipeline Details




















 Deals Information
                        






 Deals
                                                Summary







 Deals Details






















About Biocentury


Company Overview


Management


Editorial & Research




Contact


Contact Us


Advertising & Sponsorship


Career Opportunities




Support


Forgot Password


Customer Service


Reprints


FAQs




Products & Solutions


Products Overview


Publications


Archives


BCIQ


Conferences


eLearning


RSS Feeds




Legal


User Agreement


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Your California Privacy Rights


Use of Images

Follow Us
                            











What is BioCentury?
BioCentury employs a fully integrated multimedia platform — including publications, video, online data solutions and conferences — to provide its audience with authoritative and up-to-date intelligence about corporate strategy, partnering, emerging technology, clinical data, public policy and the financial markets.

Sign in
Free Trial












© 2017 BioCentury Inc. All Rights Reserved.
     
                        Terms & Conditions
                          |  
                        Privacy Policy











Set Email Alert






dummy






















 































Entvantage Diagnostics, Inc. | Austin, TX, US Startup 






















Start up confidently with Gust Launch: all the legal, accounting, and financial tools you need to start and run your company.






















Overview




Pitch Deck




Executive Summary




Financials




Documents


























Entvantage Diagnostics, Inc.

ENTvantage has rapid diagnostic test kits to help doctors diagnose ear, nose and throat illnesses with in-office tests that provides results in 5 minutes.






Stage

Prototype Ready



Industry

Medical Devices and Equipment



Location

Austin, TX, US



Currency

USD



Founded

March 2014



Employees

4



Incorporation Type

C-corp



Website

entv-dx.com

















Company Summary





ENTvantage Dx provides physicians with timely information on the cause of ear, nose and throat illnesses with rapid, in-office diagnostic tests.  Our first product is for rapid diagnosing of bacterial sinusitis. This $2.2 Billion worldwide market opportunity will allow doctors to reduce the amount of antibiotics prescribed, increase clinic revenue using existing CPT codes and reduce the number of antibiotic resistant infections and complications.






















Team













Joseph Skraba

President & CEO




	Joe has 30 years of experience in commercialization and sales of a broad range of medical devices, in-vitro diagnostic devices and biotech products. He has engineered products, managed development teams on complex medical device projects and led large multinational R&D teams.  He holds a degree in Mechanical Engineering and is inventor on 4 patents.  Products that he has developed have achieved sales of more than $5 billion. 












Rick Hawkins

Chairman of the Board of Directors-ENTvantage Dx




Rick Hawkins, is Chairman of ENTvantage Dx and is CEO of Lumos Pharma. Rick is a serial entrepreneur in Austin having founded and sold several firms including Pharmaco, a clinical drug development services company to the pharmaceutical industry and Sensus, a biotechnology company that developed a drugfor use in the treatment of acromegaly.  He is a Director for SciClone Pharmaceuticals Inc. (SCLN) and Cytori Therapeutics (CYTX).












Don Gonzales, M.D.

Director-ENTvantage Dx




Dr. Gonzales is a physician-entrepreneur who blended his clinical experience and business outlook to address unmet needs in the medical community. in 2004, he founded companies later combined into ENTrigue Surgical which was acquired by ArthroCare in 2013. Dr. Gonzales has also had active clinical practices at Tulane University and in private practice. Currently, Dr. Gonzales is a founding partner for D3DC, a medical device development company. 













Russell Bradley

Director




Russell Bradley is an experienced diagnostic industry professions.  He is currently the SVP of Commercial Development and Chief Marketing and Sales Office of Luminex, Inc. a publically traded diagnostic product company.  Prior to this, Russ spent 17 years at Beckman Coulter in various management positions












Oriana Hawkins, PhD

Director Assay Development




Dr. Hawkins has over 16 years of research experience and is currently the Director of Assay Development at Entvantage, joining the management team in November, 2015.  Dr. Hawkins earned her Ph.D. at the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center in Microbiology and Immunology in 2010 and completed a NIH-sponsored Post Doctoral appointment at Vanderbilt University.  















Advisors













Samer Fakhri, MD

Scientific Advisory Board Member










James Jacobson

Scientific Advisory Board Member










Amber Luong, MD, PhD

Scientific Advisory Board Member
Unconfirmed













Brent Senior, MD

Scientific Advisory Board member
Unconfirmed










Ayesha Khalid, MD, MBA


Unconfirmed
































Loading







Agreement with ENTvantage Diagnostics | Federal Telemedicine News




























Federal Telemedicine News

Health IT News from Federal Agencies and Capitol Hill – Edited by Carolyn Bloch




Home»
Corporate»
Agreement with ENTvantage Diagnostics






Agreement with ENTvantage Diagnostics
Sep.2,2014


Ohio State University www.osu.edu  through their Ohio State Innovation Foundation, and Nationwide Children’s Hospital www.nationwidechildrens.org is partnering with ENTvantage Diagnostics Inc. www.entvantagedx.com, to license a technology capable of rapidly diagnosing bacterial sinusitis. ENTvantage develops and markets rapid in-office diagnostic tests to provide primary care and ENT physicians with timely information on the causes of ear, nose, and throat illnesses.
Determining the primary cause of sinusitis remains a clinical challenge for physicians. Different kinds of medication are often given to a patient until a specific medication is found that proves to be effective in improving the sinusitis condition.
“The lack of diagnostic tools has led physicians to over prescribe antibiotics to treat sinusitis when they are not needed. We know that we can provide physicians with timely information to better diagnose the underlying cause of these illnesses that will lead to better management of sinusitis,” said Joe Skraba, President and CEO of ENTvantage.
The jointly-created technology which is a class two medical device will enable the company to develop a diagnostic kit to cost $15 based on the technology so that physicians will be better equipped with information when making a bacterial sinusitis diagnosis.
The diagnostic kit will enable physicians to take a sample swab from a patient’s nose, perform a rapid analysis, and have the results the next day. In the future, there are plans to commercialize the diagnostic test kit to physicians worldwide.
Nationwide Children’ Hospital and Ohio State have had a long–standing collaborative history and will continue to work together on several fronts to help commercialize a broad range of medical devices, pharmaceuticals, and biotech products.
 












Categories
Select Category
association
Colleges & Universities
Corporate
Federal
Foundations
hospitals
International
non-profit
State
Uncategorized


Archives  Select Month  July 2017  (23)
 June 2017  (45)
 May 2017  (46)
 April 2017  (41)
 March 2017  (42)
 February 2017  (27)
 January 2017  (45)
 December 2016  (31)
 November 2016  (42)
 October 2016  (46)
 September 2016  (43)
 August 2016  (52)
 July 2016  (42)
 June 2016  (53)
 May 2016  (53)
 April 2016  (40)
 March 2016  (37)
 February 2016  (36)
 January 2016  (54)
 December 2015  (45)
 November 2015  (43)
 October 2015  (45)
 September 2015  (42)
 August 2015  (42)
 July 2015  (52)
 June 2015  (46)
 May 2015  (51)
 April 2015  (46)
 March 2015  (53)
 February 2015  (45)
 January 2015  (47)
 December 2014  (38)
 November 2014  (50)
 October 2014  (38)
 September 2014  (53)
 August 2014  (48)
 July 2014  (48)
 June 2014  (57)
 May 2014  (41)
 April 2014  (47)
 March 2014  (39)
 February 2014  (46)
 January 2014  (53)
 December 2013  (50)
 November 2013  (43)
 October 2013  (47)
 September 2013  (55)
 August 2013  (54)
 July 2013  (55)
 June 2013  (57)
 May 2013  (40)
 April 2013  (50)
 March 2013  (39)

 Posts prior to March 2013 are here.
Contact us Contact the editor, Carolyn Bloch, at cb (at) cbloch.com




 




Tagsawards
behavioral health
big data
bill introduced
BRAIN research
broadband
Cancer Data
community health centers
Connected Health
Connected Health Symposium
diabetes
digital health
DLT grants
EMS
FOA
funding
Grant award
grant awards
grants
healthcare
health IT
interoperability
legislation
Legislation introduced
MATRC Summit
Medicaid
medical devices
mental health
mHealth
Mobile Apps
NIH
OSEHRA
Partnership
patient safety
PCORI
precision medicine
RFP
Rural Healthcare
rural hospitals
tele-ICU
telehealth
telemedicine
telemental health
virtual care
Watson
 






  						  ENTvantage Dx, Inc.			| Texas Entrepreneur Network			           

































































 











               Follow   Facebook Twitter Linkedin                      




ENTvantage Dx, Inc.




The Project FAQs

Management Team
The company is led by an experienced medical device executive team.
Joe Skraba is the President and CEO and has 30 years of experience in developing and introducing medical device products into the market.  Joe has experience with implantable devices, in-vitro diagnostics and biologic products.  He has been inventor on four patents and holds degrees in engineering, business administration and technology commercialization.
Subinoy Das, M.D. is the Medical Director, Board certified Otolaryngologist and ENTvantage technology inventor.  Dr. Das is an ENT surgeon at OhioENT. He is the former Director of The Ohio State University Sinus & Allergy Center and Assistant Professor at The OSU. Dr. Das has been recognized as one of the top sinus surgeons in the US and received multiple awards as one of America’s best doctors. His NIH funded research was awarded the top ENT research award, the 2013 Fowler Award for his work on detecting the cause of sinus infections.
Jennifer Medina, MS upon funding, Jennifer will join ENTvantage as the Director of Development, after spending 9 years in the ENT product development space with the leading company in the ENT medical device sector.  Her strengths include her knowledge of the ENT market technology, product development management, project management, and materials science.  Jennifer has significant experience with US FDA regulatory requirements and submissions, and medical device quality systems and will initially be also responsible for ENTvantage’s Quality System.
Board of Directors
Rick Hawkins is Chairman of the Board of ENTvantage Dx and is a successful serial entrepreneur and was a pioneer in the CRO industry.  He was CEO of Pharmaco, Sensus Pharmaceuticals and is currently President and CEO of Lumos, an orphan drug development company.  He sits on the board of two publically traded biotech companies.
Don Gonzales, M.D. is an independent Director of EnTvantage Dx.  Dr. Gonzales is a physician-entrepreneur who blended his clinical experience and business outlook to address unmet needs in the medical community. In 2004, he founded companies later combined into ENTrigue Surgical which was acquired by ArthroCare in 2013. Dr. Gonzales has also had active clinical practices at Tulane University and in private practice. Currently, Dr. Gonzales is a founding partner for D3DC, a medical device development company.

 Have a Question? Ask it here!

First Name*Last Name*Email*

Name of Company You Are Asking About*Your question*PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 














   TEN Network & Services



About Us
How We Work
Deal Types
Our Network
Consulting Services
Getting Started
FAQ
Register Your Startup
Register as an Investor
 TEN Funding Deals



All Deals
Equity Deals
Revenue-based Funding
Login
 Communities



TEN Capital Group
Wilco Funding Portal
Business Funding Texas
 Resources



Resources and Partners
Sign up for our Newsletter
Your Fundability Score
TEN Blog
Contact Us
 Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Archives
       
  




































  
