






























Watsco, Inc. (WSO) Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Watsco Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Watsco Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

LMR Partners LLP Invests $30.66 Million in Enbridge Inc (ENB)
Summit Financial Wealth Advisors LLC Maintains Position in Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT)
Boston Private Wealth LLC Has $841,000 Stake in Morgan Stanley (MS)
First Interstate Bank Maintains Position in Allstate Corporation (The) (ALL)
Tredje AP fonden Has $5.05 Million Stake in Clorox Company (The) (CLX)
Fmr LLC Has $98.34 Million Stake in La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (NASDAQ:LJPC)
Cowen and Company Increases Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:PTLA) Price Target to $70.00
Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE:KMB) Shares Bought by Bank of New York Mellon Corp
MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Sells 1,229 Shares of Dow Chemical Company (The) (NYSE:DOW)
Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Shares Bought by Baystate Wealth Management LLC
American Electric Power Company, Inc. (AEP) Shares Bought by Axa
Sfmg LLC Has $462,000 Position in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA)
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) is Tompkins Financial Corp’s 10th Largest Position
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Shares Bought by Cadence Capital Management LLC
Apple Inc. (AAPL) is Banced Corp’s Largest Position
Mount Vernon Associates Inc. MD Holds Position in AT&T Inc. (T)
Watsco, Inc. (WSO) Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc.
WFG Advisors LP Sells 2,409 Shares of Aflac Incorporated (AFL)
Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. Acquires Shares of 2,815 J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM)
Brokerages Anticipate Novadaq Technologies Inc (NVDQ) to Announce -$0.23 EPS







Watsco, Inc. (WSO) Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc.


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments




Envestnet Asset Management Inc. lowered its position in  Watsco, Inc. (NYSE:WSO) by 48.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 1,767 shares of the construction company’s stock after selling 1,662 shares during the period. Envestnet Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Watsco were worth $253,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Flinton Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of  Watsco during the fourth quarter worth approximately $104,000.  Creative Planning increased its position in shares of  Watsco by 1.5% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 979 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $140,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the period.  Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC increased its position in shares of  Watsco by 9.1% in the first quarter. Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC now owns 1,056 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $151,000 after buying an additional 88 shares during the period.  Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank increased its position in shares of  Watsco by 41.3% in the first quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 1,174 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $168,000 after buying an additional 343 shares during the period.  Finally, Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of  Watsco by 9.1% in the first quarter. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC now owns 1,344 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $192,000 after buying an additional 112 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  80.46% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Watsco Inc. alerts:



Watsco, Inc. (NYSE WSO) traded down 0.64% on Friday, reaching $150.99. 214,290 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $150.65 and its 200 day moving average price is $146.90. Watsco, Inc. has a 12 month low of $128.60 and a 12 month high of $159.55. The company has a market cap of $4.93 billion, a PE ratio of 29.32 and a beta of 0.84. 





Watsco (NYSE:WSO) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The construction company reported $0.67 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.80 by $0.13. Watsco had a net margin of 4.13% and a return on equity of 13.81%. The company had revenue of $872.10 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $877.45 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.71 EPS. Watsco’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.4% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities analysts expect that  Watsco, Inc. will post $5.69 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. Investors of record on Monday, July 17th will be given a dividend of $1.25 per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 13th. This represents a $5.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.31%. This is an increase from Watsco’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.05. Watsco’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 97.66%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/23/envestnet-asset-management-inc-decreases-stake-in-watsco-inc-wso-updated-updated-updated.html. 
Several analysts have weighed in on the stock. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Watsco from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, July 8th. Wolfe Research assumed coverage on shares of Watsco in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. They issued a “market perform” rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Watsco from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $173.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, June 27th. Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $176.00 price target (up from $163.00) on shares of Watsco in a report on Friday, June 23rd. Finally, Seaport Global Securities raised shares of Watsco from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their price target for the company from $145.00 to $160.00 in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and four have issued  a buy rating to the stock. Watsco presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $153.14.
About Watsco
Watsco, Inc is a distributor of air conditioning, heating and refrigeration equipment, and related parts and supplies (HVAC/R) in the HVAC/R distribution industry in North America. As of December 31, 2016, the Company sold a range of non-equipment products, representing more than 300,000 stock keeping units, including parts, ductwork, air movement products, insulation, tools, installation supplies, thermostats and air quality products.







Receive News & Ratings for Watsco Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Watsco Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































﻿

























Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 117 Shares of ESCO Technologies Inc. (ESE) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for ESCO Technologies Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor ESCO Technologies Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Keybank National Association OH Has $88.30 Million Position in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (TMO)
Causeway Capital Management LLC Sells 2,000 Shares of POSCO (NYSE:PKX)
NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Position Cut by Stevens Capital Management LP
WhiteWave Foods Co (WWAV) Stake Reduced by Envestnet Asset Management Inc.
AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (NYSE:AVB) Position Increased by Perigon Wealth Management LLC
Coldstream Capital Management Inc. Takes Position in Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN)
Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. Acquires 1,050 Shares of Phillips 66 (PSX)
Oxford Asset Management Purchases Shares of 72,963 Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN)
FedEx Corporation (FDX) Stake Lowered by Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp
Jackson Wealth Management LLC Boosts Stake in General Mills, Inc. (GIS)
Danaher Corporation (DHR) Position Cut by Neville Rodie & Shaw Inc.
NOW Inc. (NYSE:DNOW) Shares Bought by Clearbridge Investments LLC
Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 117 Shares of ESCO Technologies Inc. (ESE)
Gildan Activewear, Inc. (GIL) Shares Bought by Causeway Capital Management LLC
Laurel Wealth Advisors Inc. Acquires Shares of 5,100 Magna International, Inc. (NYSE:MGA)
Accenture PLC (ACN) Shares Bought by Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc.
Ian Rogers Sells 38,717 Shares of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:LIND) Stock
Britvic Plc (BVIC) Insider Matt Barwell Buys 16 Shares
Bank of Montreal (BMO) Insider Sells C$1,587,586.80 in Stock
Red Hat, Inc. (RHT) PT Lowered to $96.00 at Mizuho


 


Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 117 Shares of ESCO Technologies Inc. (ESE)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

Envestnet Asset Management Inc. lowered its stake in ESCO Technologies Inc. (NYSE:ESE) by 4.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 2,524 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock after selling 117 shares during the period. Envestnet Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in ESCO Technologies were worth $146,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Mason Street Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of ESCO Technologies by 7.0% in the first quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC now owns 6,015 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $349,000 after buying an additional 395 shares during the period. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of ESCO Technologies during the first quarter valued at about $128,000. 1st Global Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in shares of ESCO Technologies by 0.7% in the first quarter. 1st Global Advisors Inc. now owns 5,827 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $339,000 after buying an additional 42 shares during the period. Smith Moore & CO. boosted its stake in shares of ESCO Technologies by 1.2% in the first quarter. Smith Moore & CO. now owns 7,623 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $443,000 after buying an additional 91 shares during the period. Finally, State of Tennessee Treasury Department boosted its stake in shares of ESCO Technologies by 17.8% in the first quarter. State of Tennessee Treasury Department now owns 24,727 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $1,437,000 after buying an additional 3,732 shares during the period. 96.35% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 




Shares of ESCO Technologies Inc. (NYSE:ESE) traded down 0.55% on Friday, hitting $62.80. 100,165 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a market cap of $1.62 billion, a PE ratio of 32.37 and a beta of 1.01. ESCO Technologies Inc. has a 12 month low of $41.99 and a 12 month high of $63.80. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $59.82 and its 200-day moving average is $57.54. 


 Get ESCO Technologies Inc. alerts:



The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, July 19th. Investors of record on Wednesday, July 5th were given a dividend of $0.08 per share. This represents a $0.32 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.51%. The ex-dividend date was Friday, June 30th. ESCO Technologies’s dividend payout ratio is presently 16.58%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was first published by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/envestnet-asset-management-inc-has-146000-position-in-esco-technologies-inc-ese-updated-updated.html. 
Several brokerages have recently weighed in on ESE. FBR & Co reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of ESCO Technologies in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Wunderlich began coverage on shares of ESCO Technologies in a research report on Tuesday, June 13th. They set a “buy” rating and a $71.00 price target on the stock. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $57.67.
About ESCO Technologies
ESCO Technologies Inc (ESCO) is a producer of engineered products and systems sold to customers for utility, industrial, aerospace and commercial applications. The Company operates through four segments: Filtration/Fluid Flow (Filtration), RF Shielding and Test (Test), Utility Solutions Group (USG) and Technical Packaging. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for ESCO Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ESCO Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿
























Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Has $192,000 Stake in Cable One, Inc. (NYSE:CABO) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Cable One Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Cable One Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Has $192,000 Stake in Cable One, Inc. (NYSE:CABO)
Nordea Investment Management AB Purchases 1,959 Shares of Norfolk Souther Corporation (NSC)
Private Management Group Inc. Buys Shares of 97,411 Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN)
TSP Capital Management Group LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Time Warner Inc. (TWX)
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Purchases 17,469 Shares of Prestige Brand Holdings, Inc. (PBH)
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $7.10 Million Position in Independent Bank Corporation (IBCP)
M&T Bank Corp Sells 36,828 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD)
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sells 33,034 Shares of US Foods Holding Corp (NASDAQ:USFD)
BMO Capital Markets () Receives Average Rating of “” from Analysts
$1.10 EPS Expected for Signet Jewelers Limited (SIG) This Quarter
Sunoco (SUN) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows
Texas Pacific Land Trust (TPL) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.31
United Bankshares (UBSI) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (NASDAQ:CTSH) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.10
Head-To-Head Contrast: AMERISAFE (NASDAQ:AMSF) and Aviva Plc (AV)
Contrasting Genesee & Wyoming (NYSE:GWR) & Schneider National (SNDR)
Contrasting Brookfield Infrastructure Partners (NYSE:BIP) & Pointer Telocation (PNTR)
Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Zacks: Analysts Expect Civitas Solutions, Inc. (NYSE:CIVI) Will Announce Earnings of $0.19 Per Share
Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Vipshop Holdings Limited (NYSE:VIPS) Stock Price


 


Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Has $192,000 Stake in Cable One, Inc. (NYSE:CABO)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments 

Envestnet Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Cable One, Inc. (NYSE:CABO) by 2.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 307 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 8 shares during the period. Envestnet Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Cable One were worth $192,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of CABO. Capstone Asset Management Co. increased its position in Cable One by 3.1% in the first quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 573 shares of the company’s stock valued at $358,000 after buying an additional 17 shares during the period. FMR LLC boosted its stake in Cable One by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 4,098 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,548,000 after buying an additional 20 shares in the last quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Cable One by 1.4% in the first quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC now owns 2,216 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,384,000 after buying an additional 30 shares in the last quarter. US Bancorp DE boosted its stake in Cable One by 16.2% in the first quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 230 shares of the company’s stock valued at $144,000 after buying an additional 32 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Cable One by 0.7% in the first quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 7,831 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,890,000 after buying an additional 51 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.35% of the company’s stock. 




Cable One, Inc. (NYSE CABO) traded up 0.06% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $750.38. 8,252 shares of the company traded hands. Cable One, Inc. has a 12-month low of $506.42 and a 12-month high of $752.18. The company has a market cap of $4.30 billion, a PE ratio of 41.05 and a beta of 0.28. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $724.63 and a 200-day moving average price of $665.38. 


 Get Cable One Inc. alerts:



Cable One (NYSE:CABO) last released its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $5.80 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $5.62 by $0.18. The firm had revenue of $207.43 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $205.97 million. Cable One had a return on equity of 23.30% and a net margin of 12.75%. The company’s revenue was up 2.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $4.65 EPS. Analysts expect that Cable One, Inc. will post $18.42 EPS for the current year. 
WARNING: “Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Has $192,000 Stake in Cable One, Inc. (NYSE:CABO)” was first reported by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/26/envestnet-asset-management-inc-raises-stake-in-cable-one-inc-nysecabo-updated-updated.html. 
Several equities research analysts have issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Cable One from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, July 10th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. assumed coverage on shares of Cable One in a research note on Thursday, June 8th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $785.00 price target on the stock. TheStreet raised shares of Cable One from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Monday, June 12th. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. initiated coverage on shares of Cable One in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. They set a “buy” rating and a $715.00 price target on the stock. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Cable One has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $655.75.
In other Cable One news, major shareholder Donald Graham sold 4,100 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $716.05, for a total value of $2,935,805.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 246,985 shares in the company, valued at approximately $176,853,609.25. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, SVP Eric Michael Lardy sold 322 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, June 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $725.00, for a total value of $233,450.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 2,542 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,842,950. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 9,022 shares of company stock valued at $6,483,807. Corporate insiders own 1.30% of the company’s stock. 
Cable One Company Profile
Cable One, Inc is a provider of data, video and voice services. The Company offers products, including Residential Video Services, Residential Data Services, Residential Voice Services, Business Services and Advertising. As of May 1, 2017, the Company provided data, video and voice services in 21 Western, Midwestern and Southern states. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Cable One Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cable One Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 





































Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Boosts Stake in Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Regal Beloit Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Regal Beloit Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Norwood Financial Corp. (NWFL) Insider John H. Sanders Sells 2,200 Shares					

Unum Group (NYSE:UNM) Issues  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS					

CRA International,Inc. (NASDAQ:CRAI) Issues  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS					

Traders Buy Shares of Medtronic PLC (NYSE:MDT) on Weakness					

Investors Sell iShares MSCI Emerging Markets Indx (NYSE:EEM) on Strength (NYSE:EEM)					

Financial Comparison: Fanhua (FANH) and Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation (NASDAQ:IPCC)					

LightInTheBox Holding Co. (NYSE:LITB) and Amazon.com (AMZN) Critical Comparison					

Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (EXPD) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages					

World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. (NYSE:WWE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages					

Commerzbank Ag Analysts Give Hochtief Ag (HOT) a €116.00 Price Target					

Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect ArQule (NASDAQ:ARQL) Share Price					

Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Enphase Energy (ENPH) Stock Price					

Aberdeen Singpr (NYSE:SGF) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.27					

Universal Technical Institute (NYSE:UTI) Given Daily News Impact Score of 0.18					

Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (NYSE:HEP) to Issue $0.63 Dividend					

Absolute Software (NASDAQ:ALSWF) Plans $0.06 Quarterly Dividend					

Poage Bankshares, Inc. (PBSK) Announces $0.06 Quarterly Dividend					

QTS Realty Trust, Inc. (QTS) to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.67 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts					

Ross Andrews Acquires 15,000 Shares of Innovaderma Plc (LON:IDP) Stock					

Tile Shop Hldgs, Inc. (TTS) CEO Purchases $125,820.00 in Stock					





 





						Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Boosts Stake in Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC)					

						 July 1st, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Trevor Kearing 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Envestnet Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in  Regal Beloit Corporation (NYSE:RBC) by 5.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 2,514 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 134 shares during the period. Envestnet Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Regal Beloit Corporation were worth $191,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of  Regal Beloit Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at about $41,221,000.  Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in shares of  Regal Beloit Corporation by 49.5% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 791,521 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $59,878,000 after buying an additional 262,168 shares during the period.  First Quadrant L P CA increased its stake in shares of  Regal Beloit Corporation by 138.0% in the first quarter. First Quadrant L P CA now owns 127,211 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $9,624,000 after buying an additional 73,755 shares during the period.  Meritage Portfolio Management bought a new stake in shares of  Regal Beloit Corporation during the first quarter valued at about $5,478,000.  Finally, American Century Companies Inc. increased its stake in shares of  Regal Beloit Corporation by 127.7% in the first quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 74,903 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $5,666,000 after buying an additional 42,007 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  94.08% of the company’s stock. 
Regal Beloit Corporation (NYSE RBC) opened at 81.55 on Friday. Regal Beloit Corporation has a one year low of $53.80 and a one year high of $83.65. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $80.02 and its 200 day moving average is $75.83. The company has a market capitalization of $3.65 billion, a PE ratio of 17.69 and a beta of 1.51. 




Regal Beloit Corporation (NYSE:RBC) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The industrial products company reported $1.07 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.95 by $0.12. The company had revenue of $813.50 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $807.40 million. Regal Beloit Corporation had a net margin of 6.46% and a return on equity of 9.80%. Regal Beloit Corporation’s revenue was down .6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.95 EPS.  On average, analysts anticipate that  Regal Beloit Corporation will post $4.83 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 14th. Investors of record on Friday, June 30th will be paid a dividend of $0.26 per share. This is a boost from Regal Beloit Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.24. This represents a $1.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.28%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 28th. Regal Beloit Corporation’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 22.56%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first  reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/01/envestnet-asset-management-inc-boosts-stake-in-regal-beloit-corporation-rbc.html. 
RBC has been the subject of several research reports. CIBC upgraded shares of Regal Beloit Corporation from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Monday, May 15th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. upgraded shares of Regal Beloit Corporation from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $90.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Regal Beloit Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $87.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “hold” rating and set a $73.00 price objective on shares of Regal Beloit Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group  restated a “buy” rating and set a $88.00 price objective on shares of Regal Beloit Corporation in a research report on Thursday. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued  a buy rating to the stock. Regal Beloit Corporation currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $78.57.
In related news, Director Henry W. Knueppel sold 10,800 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $80.03, for a total transaction of $864,324.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 4,326 shares in the company, valued at approximately $346,209.78. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Henry W. Knueppel sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $82.00, for a total transaction of $820,000.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 3,726 shares in the company, valued at $305,532. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 24,463 shares of company stock worth $1,977,364 over the last 90 days. 2.20% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
About Regal Beloit Corporation
Regal Beloit Corporation is a manufacturer of electric motors, electrical motion controls, power generation and power transmission products. The Company operates through three segments: the Commercial and Industrial Systems segment, with its principal line of business in medium and large electric motors, power generation products, high-performance drives and controls and capacitors; the Climate Solutions segment, with its principal line of business in small motors, controls and air moving products, and the Power Transmission Solutions segment, with its principal line of business in power transmission gearing, hydraulic pump drives, open gearing and specialty mechanical products which control motion and torque.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RBC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Regal Beloit Corporation (NYSE:RBC).






Receive News & Ratings for Regal Beloit Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Regal Beloit Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 































































Envestnet Advisor Suite | Envestnet


























Skip to main content


















 

Integrated Portfolio and Practice Management


  
  
                We believe your clients expect you to do four things with excellence: advise them on helping to achieve their financial goals, invest their money wisely, manage their portfolio and your practice effectively, and report back to them how they—and you—are doing. That’s our business, helping you deliver the highest levels of service and performance.        


  
  
                Next Steps        

  
  
                See for yourself how the Envestnet Advisor Suite can help you more efficiently and effectively manage your clients' portfolios as well as your business.


Schedule a Demo 


Build Your Business with Confidence
As a financial advisor, you face a daily challenge to deliver outstanding advice and service while efficiently managing your business. The open architecture of the Envestnet Advisor Suite™ allows you to bring together everything you need—analytics, advisory tools, advanced portfolio solutions, and practice management and reporting capabilities.
The Envestnet Advisor Suite empowers you to integrate portfolio and practice management and reporting across your entire practice. You can integrate all your business functions, or pick and choose the applications and capabilities you want.
Our culture of innovation and service means we remain focused on delivering leading solutions.
 





 





Share Page

LinkedIn
Twitter
Email



Live Chat
Live Chat with Envestnet Now







﻿






























Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in China Biologic Products, Inc. (CBPO) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for China Biologic Products Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor China Biologic Products Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Russell Investments Group Ltd. Cuts Stake in Saul Centers, Inc. (BFS)
Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in China Biologic Products, Inc. (CBPO)
UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 143,429 Shares of Fabrinet (FN)

Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $2.73 Million Stake in Mobile Mini, Inc. (MINI)
Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Shares Bought by Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc.
Great Lakes Advisors LLC Sells 3,989 Shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (TMO)
Analyzing Pharmerica Corporation (PMC) and CVS Health Corporation (CVS)
Critical Survey: Fluidigm (FLDM) & HealthEquity (NASDAQ:HQY)
KAR Auction Services (NYSE:KAR) & America’s Car-Mart (CRMT) Financial Comparison
BMO Capital Markets () Receives Consensus Recommendation of “” from Analysts
Zacks: Viad Corp (NYSE:VVI) Given $49.25 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages
BMO Capital Markets () Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts
St Jude Medical (STJ) versus Endologix (NASDAQ:ELGX) Head-To-Head Survey
Head-To-Head Comparison: Everspin Tech (NASDAQ:MRAM) vs. Adesto Technologies Corporation (IOTS)
Analyzing Genesis Energy, L.P. (GEL) & Rose Rock Midstream (RRMS)
Gogo Inc. (GOGO) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research
$2.00 Earnings Per Share Expected for Group 1 Automotive, Inc. (NYSE:GPI) This Quarter
$1.30 EPS Expected for EQT Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE:EQM) This Quarter
Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) to Post $0.51 EPS



 


Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in China Biologic Products, Inc. (CBPO)

					Posted by Brenda Bartman on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 



Envestnet Asset Management Inc. lowered its stake in shares of  China Biologic Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:CBPO) by 93.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 1,091 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after selling 16,798 shares during the period. Envestnet Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in China Biologic Products were worth $110,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in CBPO. Allianz Asset Management AG bought a new stake in shares of  China Biologic Products during the fourth quarter valued at about $3,900,000.  Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of  China Biologic Products during the fourth quarter valued at about $24,340,000.  UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its stake in shares of  China Biologic Products by 1.8% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 181,287 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $19,492,000 after buying an additional 3,217 shares during the period.  Hudson Bay Capital Management LP bought a new stake in shares of  China Biologic Products during the fourth quarter valued at about $3,086,000.  Finally, Copper Rock Capital Partners LLC boosted its stake in shares of  China Biologic Products by 26.7% in the first quarter. Copper Rock Capital Partners LLC now owns 30,855 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $3,086,000 after buying an additional 6,495 shares during the period. 74.25% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get China Biologic Products Inc. alerts:



Shares of China Biologic Products, Inc. (CBPO) traded up 0.55% on Monday, hitting $103.37. The stock had a trading volume of 170,213 shares. China Biologic Products, Inc. has a one year low of $96.99 and a one year high of $137.38. The company’s 50 day moving average is $108.45 and its 200 day moving average is $108.85. The stock has a market cap of $2.81 billion, a PE ratio of 26.77 and a beta of 1.74. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally  reported by Stock Observer and is owned by of Stock Observer. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be accessed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/25/china-biologic-products-inc-cbpo-shares-sold-by-envestnet-asset-management-inc-updated-updated.html. 




CBPO has been the topic of several recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research cut China Biologic Products from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) began coverage on China Biologic Products in a research report on Tuesday, May 30th. They issued a “neutral” rating for the company. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and set a $140.00 target price on shares of China Biologic Products in a research report on Monday, June 12th. Finally, BidaskClub cut China Biologic Products from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Sunday, July 16th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued  a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $132.00.
In other news, insider Zhijing Cbpo Liu sold 7,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $116.49, for a total value of $873,675.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,969 shares in the company, valued at $1,277,778.81. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 2.73% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. 
About China Biologic Products
China Biologic Products, Inc (China Biologic) is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is principally engaged in the research, development, manufacturing and sales of human plasma-based biopharmaceutical products in China. It operates through the manufacture and sales of human plasma products segment.







Receive News & Ratings for China Biologic Products Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for China Biologic Products Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Russell Investments Group Ltd. Cuts Stake in Saul Centers, Inc. 





Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in China Biologic Products, Inc. 





UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 143,429 Shares of Fabrinet 











Great Lakes Advisors LLC Sells 3,989 Shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc 





Texas Instruments Incorporated  Shares Bought by Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc.






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 














































Contact Envestnet | Envestnet


























Skip to main content










Contact Envestnet





 

Your questions, comments, and feedback are important to us. Below are a number of options on how to reach us. We look forward to serving you.
Schedule a Demo
 




 Advisory Services Team 
 If you are an advisor affiliated with an independent broker-dealer firm and would like to arrange a meeting in your area, please contact:
Regional Advisory Services Team >
If you are an RIA with questions about how to leverage the Envestnet Advisor Portal, please contact:
RIA Specialist Team >
  

 Media Inquiries 
 We are happy to provide you with additional information about our company and our services, as well as connect our Executive team with members of the media. To learn how, please email:
 
 media@envestnet.com  

 Investor Relations 
 For more information about our public offering, please visit our Investor Site.
 
 Our Investor Site  

 Other Inquiries 
 For general information or to provide feedback on our Web site or services, send us a note at:
 
 marketing@envestnet.com  
 





Share Page

LinkedIn
Twitter
Email



Our Offices

Chicago (Headquarters)
35 East Wacker Drive, 24th Floor
Chicago, IL 60601
t: 866.924.8912
f: 312.827.2801



Boston
75 State Street, 6th Floor
Boston, MA 02109


Dallas (Plano)
5360 Legacy Drive, Suite 130
Plano, TX 75024


Denver
1801 California Street, 23rd Floor
Denver, CO 80202


New York
489 Fifth Avenue, 26th Floor
New York, NY 10017


Philadelphia (Berwyn)
1000 Chesterbrook Blvd, Suite 250
Berwyn, PA 19312


Raleigh
421 Fayetteville St
Suite 1500
Raleigh, NC 27601


San Jose
160 W Santa Clara, Suite 850
San Jose, CA 95113


Seattle
701 Fifth Avenue
14th Floor
Seattle, WA 98104


Trivandrum, India - ENV Towers
TC 4/2035-1
Kowdiar Post
Trivandrum, Kerala
India - 695 003
t: 91.471.418.1111
f: 91.471.418.1050



 
Tucson
5151 E. Broadway Blvd
Suite 620
Tucson, AZ 85711





Live Chat
Live Chat with Envestnet Now














Home | Envestnet
























Skip to main content










Home





  
  
 A Better Way to Manage Wealth
The tools, products, and expertise that empower you to conquer complexity and drive success.
How We Can Help You 



  
  
 Developing the Roadmap
Advanced research, integrated analytics, and expert advisory support to help build winning portfolios and recommendations.
Learn More About Our Planning Tools 



  
  
 Extensive Investment Access
Broad access to more than 15,000 products, hundreds of SMA managers, and our elite network of strategists.
Check Out Our Portfolio Solutions And Services 



  
  
 Executing and
Managing Your Strategy
Automatic monitoring, efficient rebalancing, and archivable
action plans that help meet compliance standards.
Streamline Portfolio Management 



  
  
 Ongoing Monitoring
and Comprehensive Reporting
Create customized, branded, and easy-to-read reports that can incorporate data from hundreds of sources.
Leverage Robust Reporting Capabilities 








    Next  





    Next  





    Next  





    Next  





    Next  








  
 Envestnet 
  @ENVintel 
 The @Investopedia Impact Hub offers resources to help advisors convey the importance of #ESGinvesting to clients: https://t.co/OeXBtRlUqa 
 11 hours 49 min ago  




The Fiduciary Rule is Here
Learn more about the fiduciary rule and other market forces challenging your business growth.
Seize the Fiduciary Opportunity









Envestnet Asset Management, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:00 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Envestnet Asset Management, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Envestnet Asset Management, Inc. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm also provides financial planning services to its clients. It primarily provides its services to individuals typically high net worth individuals, banking or thrift institutions, investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations, and other financial institutions. The firm manages separate client-focused portfolios for its clients. It also manages mutual funds and exchange-traded funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity, fixed income, and alternative investments markets of the United States. It primarily makes its alternative investments in hedge f...
Envestnet Asset Management, Inc. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm also provides financial planning services to its clients. It primarily provides its services to individuals typically high net worth individuals, banking or thrift institutions, investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations, and other financial institutions. The firm manages separate client-focused portfolios for its clients. It also manages mutual funds and exchange-traded funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity, fixed income, and alternative investments markets of the United States. It primarily makes its alternative investments in hedge funds and non-traditional stocks and bonds. The firm employs a fundamental analysis to create its investment portfolio. It conducts in-house research to make its investments. Envestnet Asset Management, Inc. was founded in 1999 and is based in Chicago, Illinois with additional offices in Sunnyvale, California; New York, New York; Los Angeles, California; Trivandrum, India; Raleigh, North Carolina; Seattle, Washington; and Denver, Colorado. Envestnet Asset Management, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Envestnet, Inc.
Detailed Description


35 East Wacker Drive24th FloorChicago, IL 60601United StatesFounded in 1999



Phone: 866-924-8912

Fax: 312-827-2801

www.envestnet.com







Key Executives for Envestnet Asset Management, Inc.




Mr. Judson Taft Bergman


      	Co-Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Director
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. William C. Crager


      	President 
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. Brandon Rockwell Thomas J.D.


      	Co-Founder, Vice President, Managing Director, Chief Investment Officer and Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. James Winfield Lumberg


      	Co-Founder and Executive Vice President
      








Mr. Peter H. D'Arrigo CFA


      	Co-Founder and Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 49
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Envestnet Asset Management, Inc. Key Developments

Envestnet Announces Partnership with CAIS
Dec 4 15
Envestnet | PMC has partnered with CAIS to make available to independent advisors access to third-party hedge funds and private equity funds. The staged rollout for the integration is expected to begin in December 2015. Envestnet clients will have single-sign-on access to a secure CAIS portal within the next-generation ENV 2 system. Advisors will be able to obtain product reports about the hedge funds and private equity funds on the CAIS platform, as well as white papers and other educational materials about the broader alternative investment universe. In addition, advisors will be able to conduct electronic fund transactions on the CAIS platform through a single-sign-on process from ENV 2.


Envestnet | PMC Announces Partnership with Capital Group's American Funds
Dec 4 15
Envestnet | PMC has partnered with Capital Group's American Funds to launch the American Funds/PMC Active Core Portfolios. This new series of mutual fund portfolios is constructed by selecting active managers whose funds have both high manager ownership and low expense ratios-characteristics that have tended to outperform market indexes and the broader universe of actively managed funds. In addition, the American Funds/PMC Active Core Portfolios enable RIAs and broker-dealers to seamlessly transition directly held accounts to an advisory platform. The Active Core Portfolios, built and managed by PMC, spread risk across diverse types and classes of mutual funds with these two characteristics. The funds in each portfolio can invest in traditional equity and
fixed-income securities as core exposures and can allocate to commodities and bank loans as satellites, and are managed by American Funds and other active managers that meet PMC's ongoing due diligence criteria.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Envestnet Asset Management, Inc., please visit www.envestnet.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close

































Advanced Reporting Solutions | Envestnet


























Skip to main content


















 

Comprehensive
Performance Reporting


  
  
                Customized, easy-to-read reports, branded specifically for your firm, that can incorporate data from hundreds of custodians. We provide accurate, reconciled, tradable account, and practice-level data—every business day.        


  
  
                A Complete Picture of Wealth        

  
  
                See and evaluate a complete picture of client assets, including those assets held in accounts you do not manage. Discover the power of expanded flexibility and choice for reporting, aggregation, and wealth management.        

Learn more 


Keep Clients Continually in Your Loop
As important as the work you do is your ability to communicate its value clearly to clients. With Envestnet, you can customize your reports and upload them to our secure client portal or share them in person with our new iPad app. Our performance reports are updated and reconciled daily, so you always have the facts at your fingertips—even for held-away assets. And, our timely alerts will give you the opportunity to call your clients before they call you. That level of service helps win confidence.




 Customizable Performance Reports 
 Clients will appreciate the clarity and professional quality of our detailed reports. Tailor documents to your clients’ needs—make them as simple or detailed as you like. Use standard time periods, or create custom time frames that are meaningful to the client. Information from multiple custodians can be combined, analyzed, and presented as a single portfolio, and branded with your logo.
 
 Learn More  

 Vantage™ Aggregated Performance Reporting 
 Our premium reporting is available with the Advisor Portal or on its own. Vantage gives you a clear perspective on your clients' entire financial landscape. Vantage grabs data from more than 5000 custodians, major data providers, and data aggregator ByAllAccounts to incorporate all of a client’s assets—including assets you may not manage, such as a 401(k)—into a single, overarching report.
 
 Learn More  

 Envestnet Analytics 
 Transform data into actionable insights. Apply advanced analytics tools to a comprehensive set of data to uncover practice and portfolio trends and business advantages. Firms can address key drivers to their business, identify current risks, and find their best growth opportunities.
  

 Special Outsourcing Services 
 Additional stand-alone services available through Envestnet include data management, reconciliation, and reporting for Schwab PortfolioCenter® clients through B-Ready Outsourcing. We also offer data warehousing and replication to select clients. Through a data warehouse we can offer you true custom business intelligence. We will help you mine your own data to gain insights and uncover opportunities.
  
 





Share Page

LinkedIn
Twitter
Email



Live Chat
Live Chat with Envestnet Now














Our Solutions | Envestnet


























Skip to main content










Our Solutions





 

Envestnet's multi-portal platform is a unified network focused on enhancing the wealth management process.  We harmonize data across the breadth of our network to deliver thoughtful, actionable intelligence that can foster growth and deliver better client outcomes. Our portals are complete solutions that can be accessed on the go and span the key elements of the advisory process.




 Advisor Portal 
 Our advisor portal delivers applications that integrate with high efficiency all the advisor’s client-focused efforts, reducing the time spent on administrative, “back-office” tasks. 
 
 Learn More  

 Client Portal 
 Our client portal enables you to stay connected to your clients in an evolving digital world. You can leverage a complementary set of configurable modules that allow investors to aggregate their personal finances with their financial investments to obtain a holistic view of their wealth.
 
 Learn More  

 Enterprise Portal 
 Our enterprise portal allows "home offices" to customize their platform with the tools that serve the needs of their advisors and leverage technology that institutes specific guardrails to monitor their business and aid with fiduciary standards.
 
 Learn More  

 Manager Portal 
 Our manager portal is a complete solution that enables third-party strategists and separate account managers to implement client portfolios for advisors.  Managers can also leverage enhanced analytics and reporting to deliver better decisions on distribution strategies and gain deeper insight about their book of business.
 
 Learn More  
 





Share Page

LinkedIn
Twitter
Email



Live Chat
Live Chat with Envestnet Now














Advanced Practice Management Solutions | Envestnet


























Skip to main content


















 

Integrated
Practice Management


  
  
                Portfolio management and trading for client accounts, with automatic monitoring, efficient rebalancing tools, and archivable action plans and communications to show compliance with the highest practice standards.        


  
  
                Next Steps        

  
  
                Discover the extensive reporting capabilities available through our platform that include a variety of performance reports, goals-based reports, book-of-business reports, and the many ways to customize them.        

Schedule a Demo 


Reduce the Complexity of Managing Your Practice
Envestnet's integrated platform makes practice management easier with automatic account monitoring, drift alerts, efficient rebalancing tools, and archivable action plans and communications. Our service request engine also enables you to report back to clients on the progress of every investment decision. Your productivity will go up. And your clients will see the benefits. The resources of a large institution are at your fingertips—while you keep the scale you like.
 




 Billing & Administration 
 Account administration includes account setup, account funding, and back-office administration, as well as program billing that includes calculation, remittance, and processing of account fees.
  

 Integration with CRM 
 Envestnet has integrated with some of the industry's most popular CRM providers to streamline your communications with clients.  You can download the Envestnet app in your CRM software and have your client information synched with the Envestnet platform.
  

 Compliance Fiduciary Solutions 
 Stay ahead of the curve and capitalize on the fiduciary opportunity to provide a higher standard of care that clients are increasingly expecting. Leverage Envestnet's Fiduciary Desktop, a new set of compliance tools that are integrated into the proposal process to help you meet the new DOL Fiduciary Rule requirements in a seamless, streamlined workflow.
 
 Learn More  

 Overlay Services 
 Enhance your expert capabilities, without hiring extra staff. We offer tax overlay and management services; customizable socially responsible investment screens; and other partner solutions that integrate appropriate outside experts.
 
 Learn More  

 Portfolio Accounting and Management 
 Portfolios are updated and reconciled daily, so you stay on top of accounts. Our drift alerts have "yellow" and "red" settings to help you monitor portfolios; then, our rebalancing engine will help you bring allocations back into line.
  
 





Share Page

LinkedIn
Twitter
Email



Live Chat
Live Chat with Envestnet Now














Our Solutions | Envestnet


























Skip to main content










Our Solutions





 

Envestnet's multi-portal platform is a unified network focused on enhancing the wealth management process.  We harmonize data across the breadth of our network to deliver thoughtful, actionable intelligence that can foster growth and deliver better client outcomes. Our portals are complete solutions that can be accessed on the go and span the key elements of the advisory process.




 Advisor Portal 
 Our advisor portal delivers applications that integrate with high efficiency all the advisor’s client-focused efforts, reducing the time spent on administrative, “back-office” tasks. 
 
 Learn More  

 Client Portal 
 Our client portal enables you to stay connected to your clients in an evolving digital world. You can leverage a complementary set of configurable modules that allow investors to aggregate their personal finances with their financial investments to obtain a holistic view of their wealth.
 
 Learn More  

 Enterprise Portal 
 Our enterprise portal allows "home offices" to customize their platform with the tools that serve the needs of their advisors and leverage technology that institutes specific guardrails to monitor their business and aid with fiduciary standards.
 
 Learn More  

 Manager Portal 
 Our manager portal is a complete solution that enables third-party strategists and separate account managers to implement client portfolios for advisors.  Managers can also leverage enhanced analytics and reporting to deliver better decisions on distribution strategies and gain deeper insight about their book of business.
 
 Learn More  
 





Share Page

LinkedIn
Twitter
Email



Live Chat
Live Chat with Envestnet Now














Career Opportunities | Envestnet


























Skip to main content










Career Opportunities





Envestnet Asset Management is one of the largest providers of wealth management solutions in the financial industry. We employ professionals and support personnel in all areas of investment management, technology, advisor services, finance, operations, marketing and project management - in an exciting, state-of-the-art work environment. If you're a self-motivated team player and want to be part of an organization focused on meeting the needs of independent financial advisors, we'd like to hear from you.
Click here to view and apply for our current open positions in the U.S.
For more information about career opportunities available at our Trivandrum, India office, please send your resume, cover letter, and salary requirements to:
Attn: Ajit Kumar
Envestnet Asset Management
Bhadra Tower, Cotton Hill Road
Vazhuthacaud Trivandrum, Kerala 695014
India
Email: hr@trv.envestnet.com
Thank you for your interest in Envestnet.
Note: Envestnet does not request personally identifiable information or monetary payments from candidates during the interview process. If anyone requests any such information or payments, please do not provide it and report the matter to Envestnet Human Resources immediately. Any such requests are fraudulent job offers made by scam artists falsely representing themselves as Envestnet employees. 
As an equal employment opportunity employer, Envestnet does not discriminate in its employment decisions on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, or on any other basis that would be in violation of any applicable federal, state, or local law. Prospective employees for positions in the United States must be eligible to work in the United States. Any offer of employment is contingent upon a background check and the applicant's consent and submission to a pre-employment drug test. We offer a highly competitive package based upon the position and the applicants’ job qualifications.






Share Page

LinkedIn
Twitter
Email



VIDEO: 1Q16 Envestat Intersection



Live Chat
Live Chat with Envestnet Now














Planning Tools | Envestnet


























Skip to main content


















 

Developing the Roadmap


  
  
                Build recommendations on a strong foundation of proven tools and research.  Advanced analytics and manager and fund recommendations are based on  in-depth PMC research—and  integrated with leading financial planning software.        


  
  
                CIO Support and Consulting Services        

  
  
                Envestnet | PMC offers a comprehensive suite of consulting services to help institutions design and implement seemingly complex investment programs and fulfill fiduciary requirements.         

Learn more 


Creating Investment Plans That Work
With Envestnet®, you can create personalized, holistic investment recommendations that truly impress clients and prospects. Gather information on all their holdings, including 401(k)s, college accounts, and even trusts, and give clients a plan that shows how well you understand their needs and resources. Underlying your advice will be a foundation of proven tools and premium research, including our current capital markets assumptions and leading asset-allocation engine.




 Asset Allocation and Investment Policy Statement 
 Use our proposal generator to recommend an asset allocation, which you can customize to your clients' needs. When you record client requirements in an investment policy statement, the platform will alert you to review or rebalance.
 
 Learn More  

 PMC Consulting 
 PMC provides in-depth consulting to guide advisors through the various decisions involved in building an optimal portfolio. PMC can also help enterprises design and monitor wealth management programs and ensure fiduciary responsibilities are consistently met.
 
 Learn More  

 Logix Financial Planning 
 Seamlessly create holistic wealth management plans and generate more meaningful engagement with clients. Walk through instant ‘what-if’ scenarios, effectively educating clients about their financial plan.
 
 Learn More  

 Proposal Generation and Presentation 
 Create powerful proposals that give prospects a complete analysis of their wealth. Envestnet’s robust platform provides advisors with a variety of portfolio construction methods. Choose from multiple programs and products. Proposal documents can be labeled with your own branding and include colorful graphics.
 
 Learn More  

 Third-Party Financial Planning Applications 
 You can choose to integrate with a selection of leading financial planning applications and marry financial planning and client management capabilities with Envestnet's open architecture technology for investment research, portfolio construction, practice management, and performance monitoring services.
  

 Portfolio Analytics 
 Review client accounts in depth to help you understand a client’s total wealth picture. You can look at hypothetical changes, make projections, and analyze performance with a click.
 
 Learn More  
 





Share Page

LinkedIn
Twitter
Email



Live Chat
Live Chat with Envestnet Now














Planning Tools | Envestnet


























Skip to main content


















 

Developing the Roadmap


  
  
                Build recommendations on a strong foundation of proven tools and research.  Advanced analytics and manager and fund recommendations are based on  in-depth PMC research—and  integrated with leading financial planning software.        


  
  
                CIO Support and Consulting Services        

  
  
                Envestnet | PMC offers a comprehensive suite of consulting services to help institutions design and implement seemingly complex investment programs and fulfill fiduciary requirements.         

Learn more 


Creating Investment Plans That Work
With Envestnet®, you can create personalized, holistic investment recommendations that truly impress clients and prospects. Gather information on all their holdings, including 401(k)s, college accounts, and even trusts, and give clients a plan that shows how well you understand their needs and resources. Underlying your advice will be a foundation of proven tools and premium research, including our current capital markets assumptions and leading asset-allocation engine.




 Asset Allocation and Investment Policy Statement 
 Use our proposal generator to recommend an asset allocation, which you can customize to your clients' needs. When you record client requirements in an investment policy statement, the platform will alert you to review or rebalance.
 
 Learn More  

 PMC Consulting 
 PMC provides in-depth consulting to guide advisors through the various decisions involved in building an optimal portfolio. PMC can also help enterprises design and monitor wealth management programs and ensure fiduciary responsibilities are consistently met.
 
 Learn More  

 Logix Financial Planning 
 Seamlessly create holistic wealth management plans and generate more meaningful engagement with clients. Walk through instant ‘what-if’ scenarios, effectively educating clients about their financial plan.
 
 Learn More  

 Proposal Generation and Presentation 
 Create powerful proposals that give prospects a complete analysis of their wealth. Envestnet’s robust platform provides advisors with a variety of portfolio construction methods. Choose from multiple programs and products. Proposal documents can be labeled with your own branding and include colorful graphics.
 
 Learn More  

 Third-Party Financial Planning Applications 
 You can choose to integrate with a selection of leading financial planning applications and marry financial planning and client management capabilities with Envestnet's open architecture technology for investment research, portfolio construction, practice management, and performance monitoring services.
  

 Portfolio Analytics 
 Review client accounts in depth to help you understand a client’s total wealth picture. You can look at hypothetical changes, make projections, and analyze performance with a click.
 
 Learn More  
 





Share Page

LinkedIn
Twitter
Email



Live Chat
Live Chat with Envestnet Now














Advanced Reporting Solutions | Envestnet


























Skip to main content


















 

Comprehensive
Performance Reporting


  
  
                Customized, easy-to-read reports, branded specifically for your firm, that can incorporate data from hundreds of custodians. We provide accurate, reconciled, tradable account, and practice-level data—every business day.        


  
  
                A Complete Picture of Wealth        

  
  
                See and evaluate a complete picture of client assets, including those assets held in accounts you do not manage. Discover the power of expanded flexibility and choice for reporting, aggregation, and wealth management.        

Learn more 


Keep Clients Continually in Your Loop
As important as the work you do is your ability to communicate its value clearly to clients. With Envestnet, you can customize your reports and upload them to our secure client portal or share them in person with our new iPad app. Our performance reports are updated and reconciled daily, so you always have the facts at your fingertips—even for held-away assets. And, our timely alerts will give you the opportunity to call your clients before they call you. That level of service helps win confidence.




 Customizable Performance Reports 
 Clients will appreciate the clarity and professional quality of our detailed reports. Tailor documents to your clients’ needs—make them as simple or detailed as you like. Use standard time periods, or create custom time frames that are meaningful to the client. Information from multiple custodians can be combined, analyzed, and presented as a single portfolio, and branded with your logo.
 
 Learn More  

 Vantage™ Aggregated Performance Reporting 
 Our premium reporting is available with the Advisor Portal or on its own. Vantage gives you a clear perspective on your clients' entire financial landscape. Vantage grabs data from more than 5000 custodians, major data providers, and data aggregator ByAllAccounts to incorporate all of a client’s assets—including assets you may not manage, such as a 401(k)—into a single, overarching report.
 
 Learn More  

 Envestnet Analytics 
 Transform data into actionable insights. Apply advanced analytics tools to a comprehensive set of data to uncover practice and portfolio trends and business advantages. Firms can address key drivers to their business, identify current risks, and find their best growth opportunities.
  

 Special Outsourcing Services 
 Additional stand-alone services available through Envestnet include data management, reconciliation, and reporting for Schwab PortfolioCenter® clients through B-Ready Outsourcing. We also offer data warehousing and replication to select clients. Through a data warehouse we can offer you true custom business intelligence. We will help you mine your own data to gain insights and uncover opportunities.
  
 





Share Page

LinkedIn
Twitter
Email



Live Chat
Live Chat with Envestnet Now














A Better Way to Manage Wealth | Envestnet


























Skip to main content










A Better Way to Manage Wealth





 

Envestnet is a leading provider of integrated portfolio, practice management, and reporting solutions to financial advisors and institutions. Our open architecture platform encompasses a broad range of institutional-quality research, investment products, and advisory resources. The Envestnet Advisor Suite™ gives you the tools to conquer complexity and drive your success.




 Awards 
 As a leader in the financial services industry, we are honored by the industry recognition for the services and solutions that we offer.
 
 Read More  

 Our Vision 
 We are dedicated to transforming wealth management for the benefit of investors and the advisors who serve them.
 
 Read More  

 Our History 
 Since our beginnings in 1999, Envestnet has grown into one of the largest providers of wealth management solutions to independent financial advisors today.
 
 Read More  

 Press Room 
 As thought leaders in the industry, our executive team is often sought out by various financial media to comment on today's trends and happenings.
 
 Read More  

 Our Leadership 
 The experienced financial professionals leading our firm bring unique clarity of vision to the business of helping independent advisors excel in wealth management.
 
 Read More  

 Integration Partners 
 A number of industry participants have collaborated with Envestnet to set the standard for the breadth and depth of data, for the integration of workflows and trading, and for automation.
 
 Read More  
 





Share Page

LinkedIn
Twitter
Email






Events


 05/16/2018 
 2018 Envestnet Advisor Summit 
   


    All Events  




Live Chat
Live Chat with Envestnet Now














Integrated Portfolio Solutions | Envestnet


























Skip to main content


















 

Advanced
Portfolio Solutions


  
  
                Broad access to thousands of financial products, including hundreds of SMA managers, which you can easily search, sort, and trade—or outsource investment selection and leverage the advanced portfolio solutions from PMC, Envestnet's portfolio consulting group and our Fund Strategist Network.        


  
  
                Quantitative Portfolios        

  
  
                Quantitative Portfolios (QPs) combine the benefits of passive investing with the portfolio customization of managed accounts. Clients get low cost access to important market segments coupled with opportunities for personalization and tax management.         

Learn More 


Comprehensive Solutions for Complex Proposals
Leverage the expertise of our portfolio consultants, Envestnet | PMC® , recommendations from more than 120 leading strategists, or create and manage portfolios that best express your own investment philosophy.  Access more than 15,000 investment vehicles that you can easily search, research, and trade on your clients' behalf. Build portfolios with innovative vehicles such as our Unified Managed Account or time-segmented distribution programs to manage wealth efficiently and effectively.




 Advisor as Portfolio Manager 
 Create and manage portfolios that best express your own vision of asset management, or combine portfolios recommended by our wide-ranging network of strategists. Envestnet gives you access to more than 15,000 investment vehicles, including liquid alternatives.
 
 Learn More  

 Fund Strategist Network 
 More than 120 leading strategists have made their portfolios available through Envestnet. Now you can have access to all of them.
 
 Learn More  

 Envestnet | PMC® 
 PMC creates asset-allocated fund strategies based on its objective, ongoing manager research and due diligence. In addition, PMC uses objective, quantitative research, plus fundamental research and analysis, to compile our list of approved investment strategies, relied on by many advisors and institutions.
 
 Learn More  

 Envestnet Unified Managed Account 
 This innovative investment vehicle empowers you to mix strategies, investment types, and portfolios in a single account. That means more tax efficiency, less paperwork, and lower costs overall.
 
 Learn More  
 





Share Page

LinkedIn
Twitter
Email



Live Chat
Live Chat with Envestnet Now







﻿




























Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Increases Position in Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY) - StockNewsTimes














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Eli Lilly and Company
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Eli Lilly and Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @StockNewTimes









Recent Posts

Insider Selling: DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) EVP Sells 1,450 Shares of Stock
SDX Energy Inc (SDX) Insider Purchases C$83,250.00 in Stock
A. D. Beadell Investment Counsel Inc. Has $2,369,000 Stake in Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings (LH)
Boston Scientific Corporation (NYSE:BSX) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS
CoStar Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSGP) Releases Q3 Earnings Guidance
Traders Buy Shares of M&T Bank Corporation (NYSE:MTB) on Weakness
Flex Pharma, Inc. (FLKS) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages
Manulife Financial Corp. (TSE:MFC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Real Industry (NASDAQ:RELY) Share Price
Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Maximus, Inc. (MMS) to Hold
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Tantech Holdings (NASDAQ:TANH) Stock Price
Schlumberger N.V. (SLB) Director Helge Lund Buys 2,800 Shares
David A. Sumoski Sells 2,537 Shares of Nucor Corporation (NUE) Stock
Matador Resources Company (MTDR) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
Tupperware Brands Corporation Expected to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.95 Per Share (TUP)
23,720 Shares in Capital One Financial Corporation (COF) Acquired by Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC
Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. Lowered by SunTrust Banks (PB)
Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) Upgraded at TheStreet
Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Pentair PLC. Cut by William Blair (PNR)
County Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:ICBK) President Sells $13,575.00 in Stock



 


Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Increases Position in Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY)

					Posted by Stan Pace on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 



Envestnet Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY) by 14.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 214,006 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 26,352 shares during the period. Envestnet Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Eli Lilly and were worth $18,000,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in LLY. First Command Financial Services Inc. increased its position in  Eli Lilly and by 7.3% in the first quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. now owns 1,227 shares of the company’s stock valued at $103,000 after buying an additional 84 shares during the period.  Heritage Trust Co acquired a new position in  Eli Lilly and during the first quarter valued at approximately $135,000.  Penserra Capital Management LLC increased its position in  Eli Lilly and by 9.5% in the first quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 2,024 shares of the company’s stock valued at $170,000 after buying an additional 176 shares during the period.  Crestwood Advisors Group LLC acquired a new position in  Eli Lilly and during the first quarter valued at approximately $179,000.  Finally, Alpha Windward LLC increased its position in  Eli Lilly and by 2.0% in the first quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 2,251 shares of the company’s stock valued at $189,000 after buying an additional 44 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  75.47% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Eli Lilly and Company alerts:



Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE LLY) opened at 84.75 on Friday. Eli Lilly and Company has a 12-month low of $64.18 and a 12-month high of $86.72. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $82.29 and a 200-day moving average of $81.07. The company has a market cap of $89.52 billion, a PE ratio of 40.98 and a beta of 0.35. 




Eli Lilly and (NYSE:LLY) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The company reported $0.98 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. Eli Lilly and had a return on equity of 26.64% and a net margin of 10.13%. The company had revenue of $5.23 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $5.22 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.83 earnings per share. Eli Lilly and’s revenue was up 7.5% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  Eli Lilly and Company will post $4.12 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 8th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, August 15th will be issued a dividend of $0.52 per share. This represents a $2.08 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.45%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, August 11th. Eli Lilly and’s payout ratio is 100.48%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally  reported by StockNewsTimes and is the sole property of of StockNewsTimes. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/21/envestnet-asset-management-inc-increases-position-in-eli-lilly-and-company-nyselly.html. 
Several equities analysts recently commented on the stock. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Eli Lilly and from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, June 14th. Barclays PLC upped their price target on shares of Eli Lilly and from $85.00 to $90.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Tuesday, July 4th. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $96.00 price target (up from $93.00) on shares of Eli Lilly and in a research note on Thursday, July 13th. Citigroup Inc. upped their price target on shares of Eli Lilly and from $92.00 to $100.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, Morgan Stanley downgraded shares of Eli Lilly and from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and set a $82.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Monday, April 17th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and twelve have issued  a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $87.75.
In other news, insider Melissa S. Barnes sold 1,900 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, June 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.78, for a total transaction of $153,482.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 14,041 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,134,231.98. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, SVP Enrique A. Conterno sold 25,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $82.76, for a total value of $2,069,000.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 114,217 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $9,452,598.92. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 474,733 shares of company stock valued at $39,634,487 in the last three months. 0.20% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
About Eli Lilly and
Eli Lilly and Company is engaged in drug manufacturing business. The Company discovers, develops, manufactures and markets products in two segments: human pharmaceutical products and animal health products. The Company’s human pharmaceutical business segment sells medicines, which are discovered or developed by its scientists.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LLY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY).







Receive News & Ratings for Eli Lilly and Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eli Lilly and Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 










































﻿




























Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rating Reiterated by Bank of America Corporation
Contrasting ARC Document Solutions (ARC) and Multi-Color Corporation (NASDAQ:LABL)
Glori Energy Inc Com (NASDAQ:GLRI) versus C&J Energy Services (CJES) Critical Survey
LogMein, Inc. (LOGM) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance
Mettler-Toledo International, Inc. (MTD) Updates Q3 Earnings Guidance
Middlefield Banc Corp. (MBCN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Clearway Capital Management Lt Acquires 592,883 Shares of Intrepid Potash, Inc (NYSE:IPI) Stock
Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Given New $36.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc.
AbbVie (ABBV) & Advanced Accelerator Applications (NASDAQ:AAAP) Financial Analysis
Royal Bank Scotland PLC (The) (RBS) and NewBridge Bancorp (NBBC) Financial Analysis
UBS AG (NYSE:UBS) vs. American Capital (ACAS) Financial Comparison
Reviewing Aaron’s,  (AAN) & Best Buy Co. (NYSE:BBY)
$0.42 EPS Expected for Aegion Corp (NASDAQ:AEGN) This Quarter
Brokerages Set Interfor Corp (TSE:IFP) Price Target at $21.92

Corvus Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:CRVS) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.28
Analysts Set Superior Plus Corp. (TSE:SPB) PT at $13.84
Imax Corporation (NYSE:IMAX) Posts Quarterly  Earnings Results
GlaxoSmithKline PLC (NYSE:GSK) Releases  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS
Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:UCTT) Updates Q3 Earnings Guidance



 


Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD)

					Posted by Samantha Guadardo on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Envestnet Asset Management Inc. cut its position in  E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (NYSE:DD) by 0.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 86,664 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after selling 597 shares during the period. Envestnet Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in E.I. du Pont de Nemours and were worth $6,962,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Bath Savings Trust Co boosted its stake in  E.I. du Pont de Nemours and by 0.4% in the first quarter. Bath Savings Trust Co now owns 6,704 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $539,000 after buying an additional 27 shares during the last quarter.  Lau Associates LLC boosted its stake in  E.I. du Pont de Nemours and by 0.6% in the first quarter. Lau Associates LLC now owns 77,698 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $6,241,000 after buying an additional 430 shares during the last quarter.  Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund bought a new stake in  E.I. du Pont de Nemours and during the fourth quarter worth approximately $2,066,000.  Kentucky Retirement Systems bought a new stake in  E.I. du Pont de Nemours and during the fourth quarter worth approximately $4,630,000.  Finally, Aspen Investment Management Inc boosted its stake in  E.I. du Pont de Nemours and by 1.3% in the fourth quarter. Aspen Investment Management Inc now owns 13,586 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $997,000 after buying an additional 175 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  71.08% of the company’s stock. 


 Get E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company alerts:



E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) opened at 84.54 on Friday. E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company has a 52-week low of $66.02 and a 52-week high of $85.48. The company’s 50 day moving average is $82.29 and its 200-day moving average is $79.24. The company has a market capitalization of $73.30 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.99 and a beta of 1.76. 




E.I. du Pont de Nemours and (NYSE:DD) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The basic materials company reported $1.64 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.38 by $0.26. E.I. du Pont de Nemours and had a net margin of 9.63% and a return on equity of 31.66%. The company had revenue of $7.74 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.50 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $1.26 EPS. E.I. du Pont de Nemours and’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.6% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts anticipate that  E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company will post $3.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 29th. Investors of record on Monday, July 31st will be given a dividend of $0.38 per share. This represents a $1.52 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.80%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, July 27th. E.I. du Pont de Nemours and’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 55.68%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD)” was first  posted by Week Herald and is the sole property of of Week Herald. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/23/envestnet-asset-management-inc-reduces-stake-in-e-i-du-pont-de-nemours-and-company-dd.html. 
A number of equities research analysts have commented on the stock. BidaskClub upgraded shares of E.I. du Pont de Nemours and from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, July 13th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reaffirmed a “sector perform” rating and issued a $86.00 price objective (up from $78.00) on shares of E.I. du Pont de Nemours and in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of E.I. du Pont de Nemours and from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $91.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, June 27th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $95.00 price objective (up from $90.00) on shares of E.I. du Pont de Nemours and in a research note on Saturday, April 29th. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued  a hold rating and nine have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $79.78.
E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company Profile
E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company is a science and technology-based company. It operates through six segments: Agriculture, Electronics & Communications (E&C), Industrial Biosciences, Nutrition & Health, Performance Materials and Protection Solutions. Its Agriculture segment includes products, such as corn hybrids and soybean varieties, herbicides, fungicides and insecticides.







Receive News & Ratings for E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Facebook, Inc.  Rating Reiterated by Bank of America Corporation





Glori Energy Inc Com  versus C&J Energy Services  Critical Survey





Contrasting ARC Document Solutions  and Multi-Color Corporation 





LogMein, Inc.  Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance





Mettler-Toledo International, Inc.  Updates Q3 Earnings Guidance





Clearway Capital Management Lt Acquires 592,883 Shares of Intrepid Potash, Inc  Stock






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 



































Envestnet (NYSE:ENV) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































Envestnet Company Profile (NYSE:ENV)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Envestnet (NYSE:ENV)
Envestnet, Inc. is a provider of financial and wealth management technology and services to financial advisors, investors and financial service providers. The Company's segments are Envestnet and Envestnet Yodlee. Its Envestnet segment provides unified wealth management software and services empowering financial advisors and institutions. Its Envestnet Yodlee segment is a data aggregation and data analytics platform. Its services and related technology are provided through Envestnet's wealth management software, Envestnet PMC, Envestnet Tamarac, Vantage Reporting Solution, Envestnet WMS, Envestnet Placemark, Envestnet Retirement Solutions, Envestnet Yodlee and Envestnet Finance Logix. It operates Registered Investment Advisors (RIAs) and a registered broker-dealer. Its centrally-hosted technology platform services include risk assessment and selection of investment strategies and solutions, asset allocation models, and research and due diligence. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Business Services
Industry: Enterprise Software
Sub-Industry: Internet Software & Services
Symbol: NYSE:ENV
CUSIP: 29404K10
Web: www.envestnet.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $1.76189 billionOutstanding Shares: 43,828,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $38.68200 Day Moving Avg: $36.5152 Week Range: $30.80 - $41.47


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AForeward P/E Ratio: 35.22P/E Growth: 1.59Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $604.13 millionPrice / Sales: 2.86Book Value: $9.22 per sharePrice / Book: 4.28


Profitability:EBIDTA: $51.18 millionNet Margins: -9.55%Return on Equity: 5.86%Return on Assets: 2.86%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.56%Current Ratio: 0.61%Quick Ratio: 0.61%Misc:Average Volume: 237,875 shs.Beta: 1.79Short Ratio: 10.27

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Envestnet (NYSE:ENV)
What is Envestnet's stock symbol?

Envestnet trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "ENV."



How were Envestnet's earnings last quarter?

Envestnet, Inc (NYSE:ENV) announced its earnings results on Wednesday, May, 10th. The company reported $0.25 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts' consensus estimates of $0.24 by $0.01. The company earned $157.80 million during the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $155.56 million. Envestnet had a negative net margin of 9.55% and a positive return on equity of 5.86%. The firm's quarterly revenue was up 19.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.18 earnings per share.  View Envestnet's Earnings History.



What guidance has Envestnet issued on next quarter's earnings?

Envestnet updated its second quarter earnings guidance on Wednesday, May, 10th. The company provided earnings per share guidance of $0.27 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus earnings per share estimate of $0.31. The company issued revenue guidance of $163-165 million, compared to the consensus revenue estimate of $162.03 million.



Where is Envestnet's stock going? Where will Envestnet's stock price be in 2017?

6 analysts have issued twelve-month price objectives for Envestnet's shares. Their forecasts range from $40.00 to $48.00. On average, they anticipate Envestnet's stock price to reach $43.75 in the next twelve months. View Analyst Ratings for Envestnet.



What are analysts saying about Envestnet stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about Envestnet stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "Envestnet, Inc. is an independent provider of technology-enabled, Web-based investment solutions and services to financial advisors. The Company's technology platform allows financial advisors to provide their clients with a wide range of investment solutions and services. It offers risk assessment and selection of investment strategies, asset allocation models, research and due diligence, portfolio construction, proposal generation and paperwork preparation, model management and account rebalancing, account monitoring, customized fee billing, overlay services covering asset allocation, tax management and socially responsible investing, aggregated multi-custodian performance reporting and communication tools, as well as access to a range of third-party asset custodians. Envestnet focuses its technology development efforts and its sales and marketing approach on addressing financial advisors' front, middle and back office needs. Envestnet, Inc. is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.   " (7/11/2017)
2. Jefferies Group LLC analysts commented, "2017 revenue guidance was a bit weaker than we expected as mgmt. struck a somewhat cautious tone with regard to the near-term opportunity. Although adjusted EBITDA held up well, net/net, consensus numbers are likely biased downward. If we dig deeper, fundamentals more-or-less look intact longerterm. We view any potential stock weakness as a buying opportunity." (3/24/2017)




Who are some of Envestnet's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Envestnet include RealPage (RP), HubSpot (HUBS), Ringcentral (RNG), MicroStrategy Incorporated (MSTR), The Descartes Systems Group (DSGX), Ebix (EBIX), Q2 Holdings (QTWO), Luxoft Holding (LXFT), AppFolio (APPF), Talend S.A. (TLND), Benefitfocus (BNFT), Varonis Systems (VRNS), PROS Holdings (PRO), Mitel Networks Corporation (MITL), Instructure (INST), Fidessa Group plc (FDSA), Hortonworks (HDP) and Apptio (APTI).



Who are Envestnet's key executives?

Envestnet's management team includes the folowing people: Judson T. Bergman, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive OfficerWilliam C. Crager, PresidentAnil Arora, Vice Chairman of the BoardPeter H. D'Arrigo, Chief Financial OfficerJoshua David Mayer, Chief Operating OfficerScott Grinis, Chief Technology OfficerBrandon R. Thomas, Chief Investment OfficerShelly O'Brien, Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel, Corporate SecretaryLuis A. Aguilar, Independent DirectorRoss K. Chapin, Independent Director



Who owns Envestnet stock?

Envestnet's stock is owned by a number of of retail and institutional investors. Top institutional investors include Van Berkom & Associates Inc. (3.77%), Summit Creek Advisors LLC (0.78%), Russell Investments Group Ltd. (0.66%), Peregrine Capital Management LLC (0.58%), Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS (0.07%) and Nisa Investment Advisors LLC (0.03%). Company insiders that own Envestnet stock include Anil Arora, Brandon Thomas, Charles Roame, Gayle A Crowell, Gregory A Smith, Joshua Mayer, Judson Bergman, Peter D'arrigo, Scott D Grinis, Shelly O'brien and William Crager. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Envestnet.



Who bought Envestnet stock? Who is buying Envestnet stock?

Envestnet's stock was purchased by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Summit Creek Advisors LLC, Van Berkom & Associates Inc., Russell Investments Group Ltd., Gradient Investments LLC and Nisa Investment Advisors LLC. Company insiders that have bought Envestnet stock in the last two years include Charles Roame, Gayle A Crowell, Gregory A Smith and Judson Bergman. View Insider Buying and Selling for Envestnet.



How do I buy Envestnet stock? 

Shares of Envestnet can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Envestnet's stock price today?

One share of Envestnet stock can currently be purchased for approximately $39.45.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Envestnet (NYSE ENV)Community Ranking:  2.3 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  133 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  161 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  294MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Envestnet and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Envestnet (NYSE:ENV) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 3 Hold Ratings, 3 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Buy (Score: 2.50)Consensus Price Target: $43.75 (10.90% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Envestnet (NYSE:ENV)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/14/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingBuy$48.00Low7/6/2017DA DavidsonInitiated CoverageNeutral$42.00High6/28/2017William BlairReiterated RatingBuyLow5/11/2017Royal Bank Of CanadaReiterated RatingHold$40.00Medium11/8/2016Stifel NicolausBoost Price TargetBuy$40.00 -> $45.00N/A8/9/2016Avondale PartnersDowngradeOutperform -> Market PerformN/A6/23/2016JMP SecuritiesReiterated RatingBuy$36.00 -> $9.50N/A2/29/2016J P Morgan Chase & CoLower Price TargetMarket Outperform$60.00 -> $36.00N/A2/26/2016Northland SecuritiesLower Price TargetOutperform$45.00 -> $35.00N/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Envestnet (NYSE:ENV)Earnings History by Quarter for Envestnet (NYSE ENV)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails5/10/2017Q1 2017$0.24$0.25$155.56 million$157.80 millionViewN/A3/23/2017Q4$0.31$0.32$154.52 million$156.00 millionViewN/A11/7/2016Q316$0.26$0.28$147.01 million$149.20 millionViewListen8/8/2016Q216$0.20$0.21$139.12 million$141.70 millionViewN/A5/5/2016Q116$0.15$0.18$132.00 million$132.00 millionViewListen2/25/2016Q415$0.23$0.28$115.94 million$118.60 millionViewListen11/9/2015Q315$0.25$0.25$103.18 million$103.40 millionViewListen8/10/2015Q215$0.23$0.24$102.07 million$102.70 millionViewListen5/7/2015Q115$0.22$0.22$97.24 million$96.50 millionViewListen2/26/2015Q414$0.22$0.23$96.68 million$96.80 millionViewListen11/6/2014Q314$0.19$0.21$86.70 million$88.60 millionViewListen8/6/2014Q214$0.17$0.18$81.76 million$84.80 millionViewListen5/8/2014Q114$0.15$0.17$77.64 million$78.50 millionViewListen2/20/2014Q413$0.15$0.15$74.14 million$74.40 millionViewListen11/6/2013Q313$0.14$0.14$69.27 million$69.90 millionViewListen8/8/2013Q2 2013$0.13$0.13$51.21 million$51.63 millionViewListen2/14/2013Q4 2012$0.10$0.10$43.90 million$44.60 millionViewListen11/8/2012Q312$0.08$0.02$40.96 million$42.30 millionViewN/A8/8/2012$0.05$0.07ViewN/A5/9/2012$0.06$0.07ViewN/A2/23/2012$0.08$0.11ViewN/A11/8/2011$0.10$0.11ViewN/A8/9/2011$0.10$0.07ViewN/A2/10/2011$0.07$0.07ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Envestnet (NYSE:ENV)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $1.05QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20171$0.21$0.21$0.21Q2 20171$0.25$0.25$0.25Q3 20171$0.28$0.28$0.28Q4 20171$0.31$0.31$0.31(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Dividend History for Envestnet (NYSE:ENV)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Envestnet (NYSE:ENV)Insider Ownership Percentage: 7.80%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 98.98%Insider Trades by Quarter for Envestnet (NYSE:ENV)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails7/24/2017Anil AroraInsiderSell8,980$40.00$359,200.00  7/3/2017Gayle A CrowellDirectorSell746$39.80$29,690.80  6/28/2017Peter D'arrigoCFOSell7,500$39.20$294,000.00  6/28/2017Scott D GrinisInsiderSell15,000$39.21$588,150.00  6/2/2017Gayle A CrowellDirectorBuy2,238$37.50$83,925.00  5/31/2017Charles RoameDirectorBuy1,473$35.38$52,114.74  5/15/2017Charles RoameDirectorBuy257$35.98$9,246.86  4/25/2017Shelly O'brienInsiderSell1,000$35.00$35,000.00  4/3/2017Shelly O'brienInsiderSell9,403$32.32$303,904.96  4/3/2017William CragerPresidentSell2,352$32.32$76,016.64  3/31/2017Judson BergmanCEOBuy1,000$32.40$32,400.00  3/28/2017Charles RoameDirectorBuy276$31.25$8,625.00  3/27/2017William CragerPresidentSell2,500$31.33$78,325.00  3/20/2017William CragerPresidentSell2,500$34.64$86,600.00  3/6/2017William CragerPresidentSell2,500$36.65$91,625.00  3/3/2017Anil AroraDirectorSell1,100$37.50$41,250.00  3/2/2017Anil AroraDirectorSell4,300$37.26$160,218.00  3/1/2017Gayle A CrowellDirectorSell746$39.00$29,094.00  3/1/2017Shelly O'brienInsiderSell4,500$38.97$175,365.00  2/13/2017William CragerPresidentSell2,500$37.96$94,900.00  2/6/2017William CragerPresidentSell2,500$37.94$94,850.00  2/1/2017Gayle A CrowellDirectorSell746$37.80$28,198.80  2/1/2017Shelly O'brienInsiderSell4,500$37.95$170,775.00  1/30/2017William CragerPresidentSell2,500$780.16$1,950,400.00  1/25/2017Anil AroraDirectorSell8,208$37.50$307,800.00  1/23/2017William CragerPresidentSell2,500$36.72$91,800.00  1/18/2017Anil AroraDirectorSell3,431$37.04$127,084.24  1/17/2017William CragerPresidentSell2,500$36.60$91,500.00  1/13/2017Gayle A CrowellDirectorSell746$37.50$27,975.00  1/9/2017William CragerPresidentSell2,500$36.72$91,800.00  1/3/2017Shelly O'brienInsiderSell4,500$35.45$159,525.00  1/3/2017William CragerPresidentSell2,500$35.00$87,500.00  12/29/2016Joshua MayerCOOSell2,439$35.60$86,828.40  12/27/2016William CragerPresidentSell2,500$35.33$88,325.00  12/19/2016William CragerPresidentSell2,500$36.30$90,750.00  12/15/2016Gayle A CrowellDirectorSell746$37.50$27,975.00  12/5/2016Anil AroraDirectorSell840$35.00$29,400.00  12/1/2016Shelly O'brienInsiderSell4,500$35.86$161,370.00  11/17/2016Gayle A CrowellDirectorSell746$37.50$27,975.00  11/14/2016Judson BergmanCEOSell27,031$35.50$959,600.50  11/10/2016Charles RoameDirectorBuy250$33.65$8,412.50  11/8/2016Judson BergmanCEOSell12,969$34.74$450,543.06  11/4/2016William CragerPresidentSell12,954$33.89$439,011.06  11/2/2016William CragerPresidentSell10,000$34.79$347,900.00  11/1/2016Shelly O'brienInsiderSell4,500$35.15$158,175.00  11/1/2016William CragerPresidentSell20,000$35.24$704,800.00  10/31/2016William CragerPresidentSell20,000$34.97$699,400.00  10/24/2016Judson BergmanCEOSell20,000$37.31$746,200.00  10/17/2016Judson BergmanCEOSell20,000$35.52$710,400.00  10/10/2016Judson BergmanCEOSell7,541$36.95$278,639.95  10/3/2016Judson BergmanCEOSell20,000$36.28$725,600.00  10/3/2016Shelly O'brienInsiderSell4,500$36.25$163,125.00  9/26/2016Judson BergmanCEOSell20,000$38.33$766,600.00  9/23/2016Scott D GrinisInsiderSell12,000$39.16$469,920.00  9/2/2016Anil AroraDirectorSell2,520$40.33$101,631.60  9/2/2016Shelly O'brienInsiderSell5,500$39.72$218,460.00  8/11/2016Charles RoameDirectorBuy238$37.58$8,944.04  8/4/2016Shelly O'brienInsiderSell1,000$40.00$40,000.00  8/3/2016Anil AroraDirectorSell4,900$40.00$196,000.00  8/1/2016Shelly O'brienInsiderSell4,500$38.00$171,000.00  7/26/2016Anil AroraDirectorSell1,750$37.50$65,625.00  7/8/2016Shelly O'brienInsiderSell1,000$35.00$35,000.00  7/1/2016Shelly O'brienInsiderSell3,500$33.64$117,740.00  6/17/2016Peter D'arrigoCFOSell12,294$35.68$438,649.92  6/6/2016Anil AroraDirectorSell3,150$37.50$118,125.00  6/2/2016Anil AroraDirectorSell5,250$35.20$184,800.00  6/2/2016Shelly O'brienInsiderSell8,000$33.86$270,880.00  5/10/2016Charles RoameDirectorBuy3,428$31.73$108,770.44  3/2/2016Charles RoameDirectorBuy400$20.60$8,240.00  12/29/2015Brandon ThomasCIOSell62,000$30.41$1,885,420.00  11/30/2015Anil AroraDirectorSell10,000$32.50$325,000.00  11/27/2015Anil AroraDirectorSell50,000$31.46$1,573,000.00  9/29/2015Brandon ThomasCIOSell6,775$30.01$203,317.75  9/25/2015William CragerPresidentSell32,704$32.06$1,048,490.24  9/14/2015William CragerPresidentSell1,333$30.02$40,016.66  8/14/2015William CragerPresidentSell1,633$35.00$57,155.00  8/13/2015Gregory A SmithDirectorBuy1,000$34.84$34,840.00  7/14/2015William CragerPresidentSell7,333$43.02$315,465.66  7/9/2015Shelly O'brienInsiderSell2,000$45.00$90,000.00  6/30/2015Judson BergmanCEOSell20,000$40.58$811,600.00  6/29/2015Peter D'arrigoCFOSell10,000$41.62$416,200.00  6/19/2015Brandon ThomasCIOSell20,358$42.26$860,329.08  6/15/2015Brandon ThomasCIOSell32,500$43.12$1,401,400.00  6/15/2015William CragerPresidentSell7,333$42.87$314,365.71  5/21/2015William CragerPresidentSell3,000$45.32$135,960.00  5/14/2015William CragerPresidentSell7,333$44.42$325,731.86  4/14/2015William CragerPresidentSell13,333$55.24$736,514.92  4/1/2015Judson BergmanCEOSell30,000$54.77$1,643,100.00  4/1/2015Shelly O'brienInsiderSell2,000$54.69$109,380.00  3/27/2015Scott D GrinisCTOSell10,000$55.83$558,300.00  3/26/2015Yves SisteronDirectorSell43,832$54.90$2,406,376.80  3/23/2015Yves SisteronDirectorSell53,437$57.17$3,054,993.29  3/16/2015Shelly O'brienInsiderSell500$55.00$27,500.00  3/13/2015William CragerPresidentSell13,333$53.54$713,848.82  3/10/2015Gregory A SmithDirectorBuy1,000$52.17$52,170.00  12/1/2014Judson BergmanCEOSell45,000$49.86$2,243,700.00  11/14/2014William CragerPresidentSell13,333$54.22$722,915.26  11/7/2014Judson BergmanCEOSell10,000$50.00$500,000.00  11/7/2014William CragerPresidentSell3,000$46.67$140,010.00  11/4/2014Judson BergmanCEOSell45,000$44.30$1,993,500.00  10/15/2014William CragerPresidentSell4,333$38.74$167,860.42  10/14/2014Judson BergmanCEOSell25,000$39.06$976,500.00  10/13/2014Judson BergmanCEOSell19,044$38.76$738,145.44  9/29/2014Yves SisteronDirectorSell27,917$44.57$1,244,260.69  8/18/2014Joshua MayerCOOSell1,500$46.20$69,300.00  8/13/2014Peter D'arrigoCFOSell9,063$46.89$424,964.07  8/11/2014Charles RoameDirectorBuy162$45.71$7,405.02  8/11/2014Shelly O'brienGeneral CounselSell5,000$46.00$230,000.00  7/1/2014Shelly O'brienGeneral CounselSell5,000$48.95$244,750.00  6/5/2014Shelly O'brienGeneral CounselSell10,000$41.04$410,400.00  3/24/2014William CragerPresidentSell3,165$42.83$135,556.95  3/21/2014Scott GrinisCTOSell18,000$45.26$814,680.00  10/11/2013Aos Partners, Lpmajor shareholderSell4,201,997$29.25$122,908,412.25  10/11/2013Judson BergmanCEOSell35,000$29.25$1,023,750.00  10/11/2013Paul KoontzDirectorSell384,393$29.25$11,243,495.25  10/11/2013Scott GrinisCTOSell10,000$29.25$292,500.00  10/11/2013Shelly O'brienGeneral CounselSell20,000$29.25$585,000.00  10/11/2013William CragerPresidentSell15,000$29.25$438,750.00  8/22/2013Brandon ThomasCIOSell1,000$27.93$27,930.00  8/8/2013Brandon ThomasCIOSell1,000$26.30$26,300.00  7/25/2013Brandon ThomasCIOSell1,000$25.80$25,800.00  7/11/2013Brandon ThomasCIOSell1,000$28.56$28,560.00  6/27/2013Brandon ThomasCIOSell1,000$23.97$23,970.00  6/18/2013Brandon ThomasCIOSell1,000$25.08$25,080.00  12/27/2012Brandon ThomasCIOSell1,000$13.53$13,530.00  11/1/2012Brandon ThomasCIOSell1,000$13.90$13,900.00  10/4/2012Brandon ThomasCIOSell1,000$12.25$12,250.00  9/5/2012Paul G KoontzDirectorSell29,518$11.59$342,113.62  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Envestnet (NYSE:ENV)


Latest Headlines for Envestnet (NYSE:ENV)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineAnil Arora Sells 8,980 Shares of Envestnet, Inc (ENV) Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 26 at 8:00 PMWisdomTree Model Portfolios Now Available Through Envestnet Wealth Management Platformwww.nasdaq.com - July 25 at 6:33 PMEnvestnet to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Results on August 8, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 6:32 PMBRIEF-Envestnet Inc says units entered into second amended and restated credit agreement - SEC filingwww.reuters.com - July 24 at 7:21 PMFirst Citizens Wealth Management Selects Envestnet for Integrated Intelligent Platformwww.nasdaq.com - July 20 at 3:43 PM$164.26 Million in Sales Expected for Envestnet, Inc (NYSE:ENV) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 19 at 1:10 PMEnvestnet, Inc (NYSE:ENV) Given Average Recommendation of "Buy" by Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 18 at 2:43 PM$0.18 EPS Expected for Envestnet, Inc (ENV) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 17 at 4:25 PMEnvestnet's (ENV) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLCwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 15 at 4:52 PMForm 8-K ENVESTNET, INC. For: Jul 13www.streetinsider.com - July 14 at 9:14 PMEnvestnet, Inc (ENV) Upgraded to "Buy" at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 12 at 12:04 AMEnvestnet, Inc (NYSE:ENV) Research Coverage Started at DA Davidsonwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 9 at 9:25 AMGayle A. Crowell Sells 746 Shares of Envestnet, Inc (ENV) Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 6 at 8:27 PMEnvestnet, Inc (NYSE:ENV) CFO Sells $294,000.00 in Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 30 at 7:28 PMScott D. Grinis Sells 15,000 Shares of Envestnet, Inc (ENV) Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 30 at 7:15 PMEnvestnet's (ENV) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at William Blairwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 28 at 11:40 PMEnvestnet Rising: 4 New Data Points Support Bullish Viewfinance.yahoo.com - June 28 at 6:00 PMEnvestnet | Tamarac Simplifies Billing and Auditing Processes for Advisors Using Award-Winning Advisor View™ Portfolio Management Applicationwww.prnewswire.com - June 27 at 5:17 PM$164.23 Million in Sales Expected for Envestnet, Inc (ENV) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 23 at 3:55 PMEnvestnet | Retirement Solutions Surpasses $25B in Assets Supported Through ...www.prnewswire.com - June 22 at 10:05 AMEnvestnet | Retirement Solutions Surpasses $25B in Assets Supported Through Innovative Fiduciary Servicefinance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 10:05 AMEnvestnet, Inc (ENV) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.18 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - June 21 at 12:06 PMEnvestnet, Inc (ENV) Receives Average Rating of "Hold" from Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 21 at 12:20 AMContrasting Open Text Corporation (OTEX) and Envestnet (ENV)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 19 at 12:48 PMEnvestnet, Inc (ENV) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 18 at 11:26 AMEnvestnet | Tamarac Helps Advisors Find and Act on Client Information Faster ...www.prnewswire.com - June 13 at 4:43 PMEnvestnet | Tamarac Helps Advisors Find and Act on Client Information Faster Using Award-Winning Advisor View™ Applicationfinance.yahoo.com - June 13 at 12:01 PMEnvestnet | Yodlee Unveils Personal Financial Wellness Solution Powered by Data Intelligencefinance.yahoo.com - June 12 at 5:53 PMCorporate News Blog - SYNNEX to Acquire Westcon-Comstor North America and Latin America Businesses; Set to Expand Its Presence in the Networking Segmentfinance.yahoo.com - June 8 at 5:59 PMEnvestnet Inc (ENV) Director Buys $83,925.00 in Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 6 at 8:42 PMEnvestnet | PMC Unveils Strategic Beta ETF Ranking Methodologyfinance.yahoo.com - June 5 at 5:04 PMEnvestnet Breaks Above 200-Day Moving Average - Bullish for ENVwww.nasdaq.com - June 3 at 9:45 AMEnvestnet Inc (ENV) Director Purchases $52,114.74 in Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 2 at 8:43 PMJust How Much Fee Compression Is There?finance.yahoo.com - June 2 at 6:19 PMEnvestnet to Attend Spring Conferencesfinance.yahoo.com - May 30 at 4:56 PMEnvestnet Inc (ENV) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $164.23 Millionwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 28 at 9:50 AMEnvestnet Inc (ENV) Receives Consensus Rating of "Hold" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 27 at 12:46 AM$0.18 EPS Expected for Envestnet Inc (ENV) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 26 at 8:26 AMEnvestnet | Retirement Solutions Extends Fiduciary Support to TIAA Custom Portfolioswww.bizjournals.com - May 16 at 4:57 PMETFs with exposure to Envestnet, Inc. : May 16, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 16 at 4:57 PMEnvestnet, Inc. :ENV-US: Earnings Analysis: Q1, 2017 By the Numbers : May 15, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 15 at 11:40 AMEnvestnet Inc (ENV) Given Hold Rating at Royal Bank of Canadawww.americanbankingnews.com - May 14 at 12:32 AMEnvestnet reports 1Q lossfinance.yahoo.com - May 11 at 8:44 AMEdited Transcript of ENV earnings conference call or presentation 10-May-17 9:00pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - May 11 at 8:44 AMCetera Financial Group Continues Build-Out of Advice-Centric Solutions with Launch of New Advisory Platformfinance.yahoo.com - May 11 at 8:44 AMEnvestnet (ENV) Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcriptseekingalpha.com - May 10 at 11:53 PMEnvestnet Climbs Further on Strong Organic Growthwww.fool.com - May 10 at 11:25 PMEnvestnet Inc (ENV) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPSwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 10 at 9:14 PMEnvestnet Inc (ENV) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidancewww.americanbankingnews.com - May 10 at 5:18 PMEnvestnet Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - May 10 at 5:09 PM


Social





Chart
Envestnet (ENV) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff





















































FlashRatings | Contact Us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN









Contact FlashRatings












Your emotional state
Excited
Confused
Worried
Upset
Panicked
Angry







 




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

































Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN






















Analyst Ranking





 

                    Name
                  

                    Measured Ratings
                  

                    Sucess Rate
                  

                    Avg Return
                  





                      1.
                    
Mizuho
15


                        73%
                    


                        20.57
                          %
                      




                      2.
                    
Credit Suisse
16


                        75%
                    


                        10.49
                          %
                      




                      3.
                    
Jefferies
26


                        58%
                    


                        7.91
                          %
                      




                      4.
                    
Cantor Fitzgerald
11


                        82%
                    


                        8.50
                          %
                      




                      5.
                    
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
15


                        67%
                    


                        7.85
                          %
                      




                      6.
                    
JMP Securities
20


                        65%
                    


                        4.62
                          %
                      




                      7.
                    
Goldman Sachs
21


                        67%
                    


                        3.28
                          %
                      




                      8.
                    
Raymond James
13


                        77%
                    


                        2.89
                          %
                      




                      9.
                    
FBR Capital Markets
21


                        57%
                    


                        2.45
                          %
                      




                      10.
                    
William Blair
24


                        54%
                    


                        2.32
                          %
                      

























FlashRatings | About us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings - All research for my stocks!

The most comprehensive equity research coverage available online.


          Never miss a single piece of research, upgrade, downgrade or target price change by any analyst firm on any stock!
          
          Equity research by professional analysts - especially their rationales more than their forecasts - contains far more interesting and important information about the actual fundamentals of the traded companies than can be gathered from conventional news reports.
          
          Our mission is to unlock access to valuable research on stocks for all retail investors. 
          
          
         

      
          
        



Professionals/ Institutions: Take advantage of our cost-effective subscriptions to have FlashRatings's comprehensive real-time feed delivered into your intranet and trading floor platforms. (Institutional Subscriptions)


Websites: Become a content licensing partner and display FlashRatings's popular news feed on your website. (Content Licensing)


Advertisers: Advertise with us and have FlashRatings readers, with attractive demographics, take advantage of your products. (Advertising)























FlashRatings | Principles














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings' Principles

          1. FlashRatings' mission is to provide you - the investor - with as much honest and professional research on your investments as possible.
        

          2. We believe it's much better to get a multitude of credible opinions on an investment than to arbitrarily follow any single advisor - be it your banker, a friend, or a TV pundit.
        

          3. FlashRatings does NOT provide advice. Our job is to accurately and objectively report on analysts' credible research and opinions. The only advice FlashRatings will ever give you is to absorb as much fundamental research and different opinions as possible and make your own decisions!
         

          4. FlashRatings favors covering analysts with proven track records, but will cover all analysts as long as their research is honest and professional.
        



Sign up »
















Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.

















































































































User Name:





Password:

  







Forgot Password?







            New to Envestnet?  Please
            register
            to browse our offerings firsthand.
          

































 
 






                
                   
              




 






Envestnet - Wikipedia





















 






Envestnet

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Envestnet Inc.





Trading name

Envestnet



Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: ENV


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1999


Founder
Jud Bergman (CEO)
Bill Crager (President)


Headquarters
Chicago, IL, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide


Total assets
$421 million (2015)



Number of employees




2,665 (2015)





Website
envestnet.com


Envestnet (NYSE: ENV) provides unified wealth management technology and services to financial advisors and institutions. As of September 2016, Envestnet supports over 51,000 advisors, and 3.6 million investor accounts and over $1 trillion in total assets with almost $334 billion of fee‐generating assets under management (AUM) and assets under administration (AUA)
History[edit]
Envestnet's strategy is to build a platform that offers the services and software that advisers need so they don't have to spend time and money doing it themselves.[1]
The company's initial public offering of stock filed on the NYSE and went public on 28 July 2010. It priced at $9; at the bottom of the range of $9-$10. The major underwriters were Morgan Stanley (MS), UBS AG (UBS), and Barclays (BCS). The company raised $63M by selling 7M shares[2]
In 2012 Envestnet purchased Tamarac for $54 million.[3]
In August 2015, Envestnet acquired Yodlee, a cloud-based data analytics company that provides account aggregation and various financial software.[4] In the same year, Envestnet also acquired online investment platform Upside in February and financial-planning software provider Finance Logix in May.[4] Envestment stated that their main goal was to drive the acquisitions to provide a full suite of technology offerings for financial advisers.[4]
References[edit]

^ Malito, Alessandra. "Envestnet is the industry's 800-pound tech gorilla". www.investmentnews.com. Retrieved 2017-06-16. 
^ Renaissance Capital - IPO "Envestnet (ENV)"
^ Shidler, Lisa (21 January 2013). "Top 12 Crucial Technology Happenings Affecting RIAs in 2012, Part 2". United States: RIABiz. RIABiz LLC. Retrieved 13 February 2017. 
^ a b c Malito, Alessandra. "Envestnet acquires data-analytics and account-aggregation company Yodlee". www.investmentnews.com. Retrieved 2017-06-16. 

External links[edit]

Envestnet website




 
This article about a financial services corporation of the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Envestnet&oldid=788651691"					
Categories: Companies based in ChicagoFinancial services companies of the United StatesCompanies established in 20082010 initial public offeringsUnited States financial services company stubsHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 17:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Envestnet - Wikipedia





















 






Envestnet

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Envestnet Inc.





Trading name

Envestnet



Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: ENV


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1999


Founder
Jud Bergman (CEO)
Bill Crager (President)


Headquarters
Chicago, IL, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide


Total assets
$421 million (2015)



Number of employees




2,665 (2015)





Website
envestnet.com


Envestnet (NYSE: ENV) provides unified wealth management technology and services to financial advisors and institutions. As of September 2016, Envestnet supports over 51,000 advisors, and 3.6 million investor accounts and over $1 trillion in total assets with almost $334 billion of fee‐generating assets under management (AUM) and assets under administration (AUA)
History[edit]
Envestnet's strategy is to build a platform that offers the services and software that advisers need so they don't have to spend time and money doing it themselves.[1]
The company's initial public offering of stock filed on the NYSE and went public on 28 July 2010. It priced at $9; at the bottom of the range of $9-$10. The major underwriters were Morgan Stanley (MS), UBS AG (UBS), and Barclays (BCS). The company raised $63M by selling 7M shares[2]
In 2012 Envestnet purchased Tamarac for $54 million.[3]
In August 2015, Envestnet acquired Yodlee, a cloud-based data analytics company that provides account aggregation and various financial software.[4] In the same year, Envestnet also acquired online investment platform Upside in February and financial-planning software provider Finance Logix in May.[4] Envestment stated that their main goal was to drive the acquisitions to provide a full suite of technology offerings for financial advisers.[4]
References[edit]

^ Malito, Alessandra. "Envestnet is the industry's 800-pound tech gorilla". www.investmentnews.com. Retrieved 2017-06-16. 
^ Renaissance Capital - IPO "Envestnet (ENV)"
^ Shidler, Lisa (21 January 2013). "Top 12 Crucial Technology Happenings Affecting RIAs in 2012, Part 2". United States: RIABiz. RIABiz LLC. Retrieved 13 February 2017. 
^ a b c Malito, Alessandra. "Envestnet acquires data-analytics and account-aggregation company Yodlee". www.investmentnews.com. Retrieved 2017-06-16. 

External links[edit]

Envestnet website




 
This article about a financial services corporation of the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Envestnet&oldid=788651691"					
Categories: Companies based in ChicagoFinancial services companies of the United StatesCompanies established in 20082010 initial public offeringsUnited States financial services company stubsHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 17:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Envestnet - Wikipedia





















 






Envestnet

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Envestnet Inc.





Trading name

Envestnet



Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: ENV


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1999


Founder
Jud Bergman (CEO)
Bill Crager (President)


Headquarters
Chicago, IL, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide


Total assets
$421 million (2015)



Number of employees




2,665 (2015)





Website
envestnet.com


Envestnet (NYSE: ENV) provides unified wealth management technology and services to financial advisors and institutions. As of September 2016, Envestnet supports over 51,000 advisors, and 3.6 million investor accounts and over $1 trillion in total assets with almost $334 billion of fee‐generating assets under management (AUM) and assets under administration (AUA)
History[edit]
Envestnet's strategy is to build a platform that offers the services and software that advisers need so they don't have to spend time and money doing it themselves.[1]
The company's initial public offering of stock filed on the NYSE and went public on 28 July 2010. It priced at $9; at the bottom of the range of $9-$10. The major underwriters were Morgan Stanley (MS), UBS AG (UBS), and Barclays (BCS). The company raised $63M by selling 7M shares[2]
In 2012 Envestnet purchased Tamarac for $54 million.[3]
In August 2015, Envestnet acquired Yodlee, a cloud-based data analytics company that provides account aggregation and various financial software.[4] In the same year, Envestnet also acquired online investment platform Upside in February and financial-planning software provider Finance Logix in May.[4] Envestment stated that their main goal was to drive the acquisitions to provide a full suite of technology offerings for financial advisers.[4]
References[edit]

^ Malito, Alessandra. "Envestnet is the industry's 800-pound tech gorilla". www.investmentnews.com. Retrieved 2017-06-16. 
^ Renaissance Capital - IPO "Envestnet (ENV)"
^ Shidler, Lisa (21 January 2013). "Top 12 Crucial Technology Happenings Affecting RIAs in 2012, Part 2". United States: RIABiz. RIABiz LLC. Retrieved 13 February 2017. 
^ a b c Malito, Alessandra. "Envestnet acquires data-analytics and account-aggregation company Yodlee". www.investmentnews.com. Retrieved 2017-06-16. 

External links[edit]

Envestnet website




 
This article about a financial services corporation of the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Envestnet&oldid=788651691"					
Categories: Companies based in ChicagoFinancial services companies of the United StatesCompanies established in 20082010 initial public offeringsUnited States financial services company stubsHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 17:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Envestnet - Wikipedia





















 






Envestnet

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Envestnet Inc.





Trading name

Envestnet



Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: ENV


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1999


Founder
Jud Bergman (CEO)
Bill Crager (President)


Headquarters
Chicago, IL, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide


Total assets
$421 million (2015)



Number of employees




2,665 (2015)





Website
envestnet.com


Envestnet (NYSE: ENV) provides unified wealth management technology and services to financial advisors and institutions. As of September 2016, Envestnet supports over 51,000 advisors, and 3.6 million investor accounts and over $1 trillion in total assets with almost $334 billion of fee‐generating assets under management (AUM) and assets under administration (AUA)
History[edit]
Envestnet's strategy is to build a platform that offers the services and software that advisers need so they don't have to spend time and money doing it themselves.[1]
The company's initial public offering of stock filed on the NYSE and went public on 28 July 2010. It priced at $9; at the bottom of the range of $9-$10. The major underwriters were Morgan Stanley (MS), UBS AG (UBS), and Barclays (BCS). The company raised $63M by selling 7M shares[2]
In 2012 Envestnet purchased Tamarac for $54 million.[3]
In August 2015, Envestnet acquired Yodlee, a cloud-based data analytics company that provides account aggregation and various financial software.[4] In the same year, Envestnet also acquired online investment platform Upside in February and financial-planning software provider Finance Logix in May.[4] Envestment stated that their main goal was to drive the acquisitions to provide a full suite of technology offerings for financial advisers.[4]
References[edit]

^ Malito, Alessandra. "Envestnet is the industry's 800-pound tech gorilla". www.investmentnews.com. Retrieved 2017-06-16. 
^ Renaissance Capital - IPO "Envestnet (ENV)"
^ Shidler, Lisa (21 January 2013). "Top 12 Crucial Technology Happenings Affecting RIAs in 2012, Part 2". United States: RIABiz. RIABiz LLC. Retrieved 13 February 2017. 
^ a b c Malito, Alessandra. "Envestnet acquires data-analytics and account-aggregation company Yodlee". www.investmentnews.com. Retrieved 2017-06-16. 

External links[edit]

Envestnet website




 
This article about a financial services corporation of the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Envestnet&oldid=788651691"					
Categories: Companies based in ChicagoFinancial services companies of the United StatesCompanies established in 20082010 initial public offeringsUnited States financial services company stubsHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 17:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 













Home | Envestnet
























Skip to main content










Home





  
  
 A Better Way to Manage Wealth
The tools, products, and expertise that empower you to conquer complexity and drive success.
How We Can Help You 



  
  
 Developing the Roadmap
Advanced research, integrated analytics, and expert advisory support to help build winning portfolios and recommendations.
Learn More About Our Planning Tools 



  
  
 Extensive Investment Access
Broad access to more than 15,000 products, hundreds of SMA managers, and our elite network of strategists.
Check Out Our Portfolio Solutions And Services 



  
  
 Executing and
Managing Your Strategy
Automatic monitoring, efficient rebalancing, and archivable
action plans that help meet compliance standards.
Streamline Portfolio Management 



  
  
 Ongoing Monitoring
and Comprehensive Reporting
Create customized, branded, and easy-to-read reports that can incorporate data from hundreds of sources.
Leverage Robust Reporting Capabilities 








    Next  





    Next  





    Next  





    Next  





    Next  








  
 Envestnet 
  @ENVintel 
 The @Investopedia Impact Hub offers resources to help advisors convey the importance of #ESGinvesting to clients: https://t.co/OeXBtRlUqa 
 11 hours 49 min ago  




The Fiduciary Rule is Here
Learn more about the fiduciary rule and other market forces challenging your business growth.
Seize the Fiduciary Opportunity














Advanced Practice Management Solutions | Envestnet


























Skip to main content


















 

Integrated
Practice Management


  
  
                Portfolio management and trading for client accounts, with automatic monitoring, efficient rebalancing tools, and archivable action plans and communications to show compliance with the highest practice standards.        


  
  
                Next Steps        

  
  
                Discover the extensive reporting capabilities available through our platform that include a variety of performance reports, goals-based reports, book-of-business reports, and the many ways to customize them.        

Schedule a Demo 


Reduce the Complexity of Managing Your Practice
Envestnet's integrated platform makes practice management easier with automatic account monitoring, drift alerts, efficient rebalancing tools, and archivable action plans and communications. Our service request engine also enables you to report back to clients on the progress of every investment decision. Your productivity will go up. And your clients will see the benefits. The resources of a large institution are at your fingertips—while you keep the scale you like.
 




 Billing & Administration 
 Account administration includes account setup, account funding, and back-office administration, as well as program billing that includes calculation, remittance, and processing of account fees.
  

 Integration with CRM 
 Envestnet has integrated with some of the industry's most popular CRM providers to streamline your communications with clients.  You can download the Envestnet app in your CRM software and have your client information synched with the Envestnet platform.
  

 Compliance Fiduciary Solutions 
 Stay ahead of the curve and capitalize on the fiduciary opportunity to provide a higher standard of care that clients are increasingly expecting. Leverage Envestnet's Fiduciary Desktop, a new set of compliance tools that are integrated into the proposal process to help you meet the new DOL Fiduciary Rule requirements in a seamless, streamlined workflow.
 
 Learn More  

 Overlay Services 
 Enhance your expert capabilities, without hiring extra staff. We offer tax overlay and management services; customizable socially responsible investment screens; and other partner solutions that integrate appropriate outside experts.
 
 Learn More  

 Portfolio Accounting and Management 
 Portfolios are updated and reconciled daily, so you stay on top of accounts. Our drift alerts have "yellow" and "red" settings to help you monitor portfolios; then, our rebalancing engine will help you bring allocations back into line.
  
 





Share Page

LinkedIn
Twitter
Email



Live Chat
Live Chat with Envestnet Now














Integrated Portfolio Solutions | Envestnet


























Skip to main content


















 

Advanced
Portfolio Solutions


  
  
                Broad access to thousands of financial products, including hundreds of SMA managers, which you can easily search, sort, and trade—or outsource investment selection and leverage the advanced portfolio solutions from PMC, Envestnet's portfolio consulting group and our Fund Strategist Network.        


  
  
                Quantitative Portfolios        

  
  
                Quantitative Portfolios (QPs) combine the benefits of passive investing with the portfolio customization of managed accounts. Clients get low cost access to important market segments coupled with opportunities for personalization and tax management.         

Learn More 


Comprehensive Solutions for Complex Proposals
Leverage the expertise of our portfolio consultants, Envestnet | PMC® , recommendations from more than 120 leading strategists, or create and manage portfolios that best express your own investment philosophy.  Access more than 15,000 investment vehicles that you can easily search, research, and trade on your clients' behalf. Build portfolios with innovative vehicles such as our Unified Managed Account or time-segmented distribution programs to manage wealth efficiently and effectively.




 Advisor as Portfolio Manager 
 Create and manage portfolios that best express your own vision of asset management, or combine portfolios recommended by our wide-ranging network of strategists. Envestnet gives you access to more than 15,000 investment vehicles, including liquid alternatives.
 
 Learn More  

 Fund Strategist Network 
 More than 120 leading strategists have made their portfolios available through Envestnet. Now you can have access to all of them.
 
 Learn More  

 Envestnet | PMC® 
 PMC creates asset-allocated fund strategies based on its objective, ongoing manager research and due diligence. In addition, PMC uses objective, quantitative research, plus fundamental research and analysis, to compile our list of approved investment strategies, relied on by many advisors and institutions.
 
 Learn More  

 Envestnet Unified Managed Account 
 This innovative investment vehicle empowers you to mix strategies, investment types, and portfolios in a single account. That means more tax efficiency, less paperwork, and lower costs overall.
 
 Learn More  
 





Share Page

LinkedIn
Twitter
Email



Live Chat
Live Chat with Envestnet Now














Digital Advice Program | Envestnet


























Skip to main content










Digital Advice Program





 

  
  
                A Customizable Digital Storefront to Streamline the Open Account Process        

Envestnet’s digital advice program is a highly configurable digital investment solution that brings together the simplicity of a robo-offering with a reputable infrastructure that automates the process of goal planning, portfolio selection, account opening, fund transfers, client communications and more.

Meet the growing online and mobile communication demands of your clients 
Capture the next generation of clients more profitably 
Compete in the digital advice marketplace 

The digital advice program provides a number of key benefits to clients:

Choose from a range of flexible investment options, creating proprietary models or selecting from a comprehensive list of third party strategists
Digital accounts are managed within the same investment policy guidelines set by the firm for managed accounts
The system is highly configurable, enabling an efficient transition from digital to fully-advised service as clients’ financial needs become more complex

Built in the trusted Envestnet platform that’s used by more than 54,000 advisors, the digital advice program leverages our scalable technology and broad range of service models to support your processes and regulatory obligations.




 An Innovative Digital Storefront 
 With the digital advice program, we help advisors and institutions enhance a client’s investing journey, personalizing the approach to advice according to the needs of the client. Our innovative digital storefront is built from a reputable wealth advisory platform that adheres to the highest fiduciary standard of care and complements the way advisors and institutions choose to engage with their clients.
 
 
 
 
 Download the brochure  

 Embracing the Digital Revolution 
 Advisory firms rethinking their approach to consumer-centric digital solutions will want to gravitate toward highly-engaging tools that meet the demands of different client segments. A successful transition includes eight steps that comprise a path toward embracing digital.
 
 
 
 
 Download the eBook  
 





Share Page

LinkedIn
Twitter
Email



VIDEO: Digital Storefront

 


VIDEO: Configurable Client Portal

 
Click here to learn more about the client portal.


VIDEO: Manage Personal Finances

 


Live Chat
Live Chat with Envestnet Now







