




EOR Partners Limited Partnership - Oil and Gas- Byker  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









EOR Partners Limited Partnership

      Industry: Oil and Gas
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1011 Noteware Drive  
    Traverse City, MI, 49686Phone: 2319462419 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-27


New


$850,000


$850,000


Equity Only


06b 4a5


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 David G. Byker 
 Director, Promoter 


 Joseph D. Byker 
 Director, Promoter 


 Robert G. Mannes 
 Director, Promoter 





















 









Energy News Roundup: CO2-EOR Analysis, NY Hits 10k EVs and Shell Midstream Hits Ground Running « Breaking Energy - Energy industry news, analysis, and commentary






































 







 





 

























Search for:


 






Breaking Energy 


Energy industry news, analysis, and commentary 

















Infrastructure, Technology 



Energy News Roundup: CO2-EOR Analysis, NY Hits 10k EVs and Shell Midstream Hits Ground Running 


By
Jared Anderson 
on October 30, 2014 at 6:00 AM

 1 comment 

Shares6 



The future of carbon-dioxide enhanced oil recovery looks mixed, with the US unconventional resource boom potentially limiting growth CO2-EOR growth. “The shale (tight) oil revolution is an under-discussed threat to CO2 EOR prospects. The table below shows the 15 largest CO2 EOR producers in North America ranked alongside the 15 largest spenders in the shale oil market in 2014; the table shows there is significant overlap with companies involved in both endeavors. Shale oil development has lower start-up costs and quicker returns than CO2 EOR projects. Consequently, investors and company executives are likely to prioritize their shale oil asset development at this present time. [Rigzone]
The Charge New York initiative has greatly expanded the number of electric vehicle charging stations and EVs on the road today. “Since Charge NY was launched, nearly 500 EV charging stations have been added in New York, bringing the current total number in the state to approximately 1,000.” [InsideEVs.com]
Shell Midstream – a newly created MLP – launched an IPO yesterday and the shares surged raising about $920 million. “Shell Midstream Partners LP, structured as a tax-advantaged master limited partnership, debuted Wednesday morning on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SHLX. The offering priced at $23, above the anticipated range of $19 to $21 per unit. Soon after, the units were trading at $32.40.” [Fuel Fix]
—ADVERTISEMENT—


 
 



Shares6 


Topics: CO2 EOR, Electric Vehicles, Enhanced Oil Recovery, EV Charging Stations, EVs, Master Limited Partnerships, MLPs, New York, NY, Shell, Shell Midstream 





Sign up and get Breaking Energy news in your inbox.



Comments






goodbuy



running shoes















Follow »

Follow us on Twitter


Follow us on Facebook


RSS


Newsletter











 


 









×


Sign up and get Breaking Energy news in your inbox.


Follow us 




No thanks



Shares6


Our Sites


Breaking Defense


Breaking Energy


Breaking Gov


Above the Law


Dealbreaker


MedCity News




Copyright © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.































Compliance Management Solutions | Product Partnerships































Compliance Management Solutions




Call us now
								01274 921234













Product Partnerships is uniquely positioned to help firms who offer their customers and employees consumer credit facilities








Join us
..and we will make sure you're correctly authorised to offer consumer credit facilities and you don't breach FCA regulations



Gambling with FCA regulations?
Download our published article here.




Are you FCA compliant?
Download our Healthcheck and Options guide here.





We offer our services in two ways;
A firm becomes an Appointed Representative of Product Partnerships. We then take responsibility for ensuring the firm acts compliantly.  They don't need to report data to the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) or pay fees to them; all communication with the FCA is done by Product Partnerships. Click on the Appointed Representative tab for more information.
A firm is Directly Authorised by the FCA and reports directly to them supplying data through the FCA Gabriel system. The FCA oversees the firms compliance procedures to ensure they are following their rules and guidelines. Product Partnerships uses its expertise and vast knowledge to ensure firms correctly report information and by following our processes and procedures they remain compliant at all times.
Our online system has all the processes and procedures needed whichever route is taken, keeps your data secure and encrypted, and can be reviewed remotely by our compliance specialists so you're never on your own.






Call us now
											01274 921234







The FCA regulates Consumer Credit firms. If you offer your customers or employees finance facilities you need to be compliant with FCA regulations.
Do you want to find out how being a Product Partnerships Appointed Representative can reduce your business risks?
Are you unsure as to whether you are breaching FCA regulations by not being authorised?
Do you understand what Treating Customers Fairly and the FCA Principles for Businesses mean for you and your customers?
Call us on 01274 921234 or click here to submit an enquiry form and we can give you the information you need.






















 SECGems:

Form D 
	
		
		EOR Partners Limited Partnership
		
	

	

   


	0001144204-16-129899 








































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  
































 EOR Partners Limited Partnership 

					D
				

					  0001144204-16-129899 
				


				Notice of exempt offering of securities - made without registration ( Regulation D and Section 4 Small Businesses ) 










 
							filing date 
						


Oct. 27, 2016

 
							effectiveness date 
						


Oct. 27, 2016

 
							date of filing date change 
						


Oct. 27, 2016



Signed By

 Robert G. Mannes


						accession number
					
 
						
						  0001144204-16-129899
						
					

						type
					
 
						
						  D
						
					

						public document count
					
 
						
						  1
						
					

							items descs
						

								06b Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Rule 506(b)
							

								4a5 Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)
							





New!



		Contact
	


Looking to load all Form D filings easily into a spreadsheet or database?

Subscribe to files containing this and  over 250,000++ Form D filings from 2008 - Now
Easily sort / filter/graph offerings based on 'Offering Amount', 'city/state', 'Industry','# investors', and every field seen in this filing


Load in Microsoft Excel / Google Sheets 
Developers: CSV files work with Python / Java / databases, etc
API access Get access to all filings - old and new via real-time API
Real-Time alerts for this and all other form types






Key documents and exhibits


Link:
Type
Id
filename




 
					
 	  					D
 	  				
				


D


1


 primary_doc.xml







 






	  Primary Issuer 
	


EOR Partners Limited Partnership


			[ Limited Partnership ] 
			 Jurisdiction: 
			MICHIGAN
		


	 
	
	 1011 NOTEWARE DRIVE
	 
	
	
	   TRAVERSE CITY, 
	   MI, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   2319462419    
	    

		
	

	  Related Persons
	


Robert G. Mannes

[ Director ] 
[ Promoter ] 
[ Manager of Its Administrator ]

	 
	
	 1011 Noteware Drive
	 
	
	
	  ,  Traverse City, 
	   MI, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


David G. Byker

[ Director ] 
[ Promoter ] 
[ Manager of Its Administrator ]

	 
	
	 2905 Wilson Ave. SW
	 
	 ,  Suite 200
	
	  ,  Grandville, 
	   MI, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


Joseph D. Byker

[ Director ] 
[ Promoter ] 
[ Manager of Its Administrator ]

	 
	
	 2905 Wilson Ave. SW
	 
	 ,  Suite 200
	
	  ,  Grandville, 
	   MI, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


		  Industry
		

		 Oil and Gas 
		

			Offering Data
		

			Revenue range: Decline to Disclose


Date of first sale: 
2016-10-14


			
				[ Equity ]
			
		

			Total offer 
		
 
			$ 2,900,000
		

			Total sold 
		
 
			$ 850,000
		

			Total remaining 
		
 
			$ 2,050,000
		

			# investors
		
 
			2 investors have already invested in this offering
		



			Signature
		


				EOR Partners Limited Partnership [ /s/ Robert G. Mannes ]  
				Robert G. Mannes [ Manager of Its Administrator ] 2016-10-20
			
















Type
Filing
Company
SIC
Rel
IRS #
State of INC
FY End
Mailing address
Former
Filing Vals


filer







EOR Partners Limited Partnership
 Cik: 0001688678
		  
		
			


	
		

	 
	
	 1011 NOTEWARE DR.
	 
	
	
	   TRAVERSE CITY, 
	   MI, 
	   49686
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
		

 


813105417



			USA 
		
		[ MI ] 
1231



	 
	
	 1011 NOTEWARE DR.
	 
	
	
	   TRAVERSE CITY, 
	   MI, 
	   49686
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

			
		
	




form typeD
act33
file number021-273362
film number161955612
























































EOR BURTON WAY LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - LOS ANGELES, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



LOS ANGELES



Business Services, Nec



Business Services, Nec



                            EOR BURTON WAY LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
                                    



 





















E 


EOR BURTON WAY LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



330 S BARRINGTON AVE # 207 LOS ANGELES, CA 90049
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated CA
 Annual Revenue $50,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services, Nec
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


It employs 1 employees and is generating approximately $50,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







E

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Publication 541 (01/2016), Partnerships






























Skip Navigation














		Subscriptions
		




IRS Guidewire

IRS Newswire

QuickAlerts

e-News for Tax Professionals

IRS Tax Tips

More






		Language
		




Español

中文

한국어

TiếngViệt

Pусский






		Information For...
		




Individuals

Businesses

Charities & Non-Profits

Government Entities

Tax Professionals

Retirement Plans

Tax Exempt Bonds










Enter Search Term(s):


Advanced









Filing





Payments





Refunds





Credits & Deductions





News & Events





Forms & Pubs





Help & Resources





for Tax Pros












Publication 541 - Main Content
                        






Table of Contents

Forming a Partnership
Organizations Classified as Partnerships
Family Partnership
Partnership Agreement


Terminating a Partnership
IRS e-file (Electronic Filing)


Exclusion From Partnership Rules

Partnership Return (Form 1065)
Partnership Distributions
Substantially appreciated inventory items.
Partner's Gain or Loss
Partner's Basis for Distributed Property


Transactions Between Partnership and Partners
Guaranteed Payments
Sale or Exchange of Property
Contribution of Property
Contribution of Services


Basis of Partner's Interest
Adjusted Basis
Effect of Partnership Liabilities


Disposition of Partner's Interest
Sale, Exchange, or Other Transfer
Payments for Unrealized Receivables and Inventory Items
Liquidation at Partner's Retirement or Death


Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA)
Partnership item. 
Small Partnerships and the Small Partnership Exception
Small Partnership TEFRA Election
Role of Tax Matters Partner (TMP) in TEFRA Proceedings
Statute of Limitations and TEFRA
Amended Returns and Administrative Adjustment Requests (AARs)


How To Get Tax Help







Forming a Partnership
                           



The following sections contain general information about partnerships.




Organizations Classified as Partnerships




An unincorporated organization with two or more members is generally classified as a partnership for federal tax purposes
                        if its members carry on a trade, business, financial operation, or venture and divide its profits. However, a joint undertaking
                        merely to share expenses is not a partnership. For example, co-ownership of property maintained and rented or leased is not
                        a partnership unless the co-owners provide services to the tenants. 
                     
The rules you must use to determine whether an organization is classified as a partnership changed for organizations formed
                        after 1996.
                     
Organizations formed after 1996.
                                An organization formed after 1996 is classified as a partnership for federal tax purposes if it has two or more members
                        and it is none of the following. 
                        


An organization formed under a federal or state law that refers to it as incorporated or as a corporation, body corporate,
                                    or body politic.
                                 


An organization formed under a state law that refers to it as a joint-stock company or joint-stock association.


An insurance company.


Certain banks.


An organization wholly owned by a state, local, or foreign government.


An organization specifically required to be taxed as a corporation by the Internal Revenue Code (for example, certain publicly
                                    traded partnerships).
                                 


Certain foreign organizations identified in section 301.7701-2(b)(8) of the regulations.


A tax-exempt organization. 


A real estate investment trust. 


An organization classified as a trust under section 301.7701-4 of the regulations or otherwise subject to special treatment
                                    under the Internal Revenue Code. 
                                 


Any other organization that elects to be classified as a corporation by filing Form 8832.


For more information, see the instructions for Form 8832. 


Limited liability company.
                                A limited liability company (LLC) is an entity formed under state law by filing articles of organization as an LLC.
                        Unlike a partnership, none of the members of an LLC are personally liable for its debts. An LLC may be classified for federal
                        income tax purposes as either a partnership, a corporation, or an entity disregarded as an entity separate from its owner
                        by applying the rules in Regulations section 301.7701-3. See Form 8832 and section 301.7701-3 of the regulations for more
                        details.
                        



A domestic LLC with at least two members that doesn't file Form 8832 is classified as a partnership for federal income tax
                        purposes.
                     
Organizations formed before 1997.
                                An organization formed before 1997 and classified as a partnership under the old rules will generally continue to
                        be classified as a partnership as long as the organization has at least two members and doesn't elect to be classified as
                        a corporation by filing Form 8832. 
                        

Community property.
                                 Spouses who own a qualified entity (defined below) can choose to classify the entity as a partnership for federal
                        tax purposes by filing the appropriate partnership tax returns. They can choose to classify the entity as a sole proprietorship
                        by filing a Schedule C (Form 1040) listing one spouse as the sole proprietor. A change in reporting position will be treated
                        for federal tax purposes as a conversion of the entity.
                        
                                A qualified entity is a business entity that meets all the following requirements.
                        


The business entity is wholly owned by spouses as community property under the laws of a state, a foreign country, or a possession
                                    of the United States.
                                 


No person other than one or both spouses would be considered an owner for federal tax purposes.


The business entity is not treated as a corporation.




                                For more information about community property, see Publication 555, Community Property. Publication 555 discusses
                        the community property laws of Arizona, California, Idaho, Louisiana, Nevada, New Mexico, Texas, Washington, and Wisconsin.
                        






Family Partnership



Members of a family can be partners. However, family members (or any other person) will be recognized as partners only if
                        one of the following requirements is met. 
                     



If capital is a material income-producing factor, they acquired their capital interest in a bona fide transaction (even if
                                 by gift or purchase from another family member), actually own the partnership interest, and actually control the interest.
                                 
                              


If capital is not a material income-producing factor, they joined together in good faith to conduct a business. They agreed
                                 that contributions of each entitle them to a share in the profits, and some capital or service has been (or is) provided by
                                 each partner. 
                              





Capital is material.
                                Capital is a material income-producing factor if a substantial part of the gross income of the business comes from
                        the use of capital. Capital is ordinarily an income-producing factor if the operation of the business requires substantial
                        inventories or investments in plants, machinery, or equipment. 
                        

Capital is not material.
                                In general, capital is not a material income-producing factor if the income of the business consists principally of
                        fees, commissions, or other compensation for personal services performed by members or employees of the partnership. 
                        

Capital interest.
                                A capital interest in a partnership is an interest in its assets that is distributable to the owner of the interest
                        in either of the following situations. 
                        


The owner withdraws from the partnership.


The partnership liquidates.




                                The mere right to share in earnings and profits is not a capital interest in the partnership. 
                        

Gift of capital interest.
                                If a family member (or any other person) receives a gift of a capital interest in a partnership in which capital is
                        a material income-producing factor, the donee's distributive share of partnership income is subject to both of the following
                        restrictions. 
                        


It must be figured by reducing the partnership income by reasonable compensation for services the donor renders to the partnership.


The donee's distributive share of partnership income attributable to donated capital must not be proportionately greater than
                                    the donor's distributive share attributable to the donor's capital.
                                 





Purchase.
                                For purposes of determining a partner's distributive share, an interest purchased by one family member from another
                        family member is considered a gift from the seller. The fair market value of the purchased interest is considered donated
                        capital. For this purpose, members of a family include only spouses, ancestors, and lineal descendants (or a trust for the
                        primary benefit of those persons). 
                        
Example.
A father sold 50% of his business to his son. The resulting partnership had a profit of $60,000. Capital is a material income-producing
                              factor. The father performed services worth $24,000, which is reasonable compensation, and the son performed no services.
                              The $24,000 must be allocated to the father as compensation. Of the remaining $36,000 of profit due to capital, at least 50%,
                              or $18,000, must be allocated to the father since he owns a 50% capital interest. The son's share of partnership profit cannot
                              be more than $18,000.
                           


Business owned and operated by spouses.
                                If spouses carry on a business together and share in the profits and losses, they may be partners whether or not they
                        have a formal partnership agreement. If so, they should report income or loss from the business on Form 1065. They should
                        not report the income on a Schedule C (Form 1040) in the name of one spouse as a sole proprietor. However, the spouses can
                        elect not to treat the joint venture as a partnership by making a Qualified Joint Venture Election.
                        

Qualified Joint Venture Election.
                                A "qualified joint venture," whose only members are spouses filing a joint return, can elect not to be treated as
                        a partnership for federal tax purposes. A qualified joint venture conducts a trade or business where: the only members of
                        the joint venture are spouses filing jointly; both spouses elect not to be treated as a partnership; both spouses materially
                        participate in the trade or business (see Passive Activity Limitations in the Instructions for Form 1065 for a definition
                        of material participation); and the business is co-owned by both spouses and is not held in the name of a state law entity
                        such as a partnership or LLC.
                        
                                Under this election, a qualified joint venture conducted by spouses who file a joint return is not treated as a partnership
                        for federal tax purposes and therefore doesn't have a Form 1065 filing requirement. All items of income, gain, deduction,
                        loss, and credit are divided between the spouses based on their respective interests in the venture. Each spouse takes into
                        account his or her respective share of these items as a sole proprietor. Each spouse would account for his or her respective
                        share on the appropriate form, such as Schedule C (Form 1040). For purposes of determining net earnings from self-employment,
                        each spouse's share of income or loss from a qualified joint venture is taken into account just as it is for federal income
                        tax purposes (that is, based on their respective interests in the venture).
                        
                                If the spouses do not make the election to treat their respective interests in the joint venture as sole proprietorships,
                        each spouse should carry his or her share of the partnership income or loss from Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) to their joint or
                        separate Form(s) 1040. Each spouse should include his or her respective share of self-employment income on a separate Schedule
                        SE (Form 1040), Self-Employment Tax.
                        
                                This generally doesn't increase the total tax on the return, but it does give each spouse credit for social security
                        earnings on which retirement benefits are based. However, this may not be true if either spouse exceeds the social security
                        tax limitation.
                        
                                For more information on qualified joint ventures, go to IRS.gov, enter “Election for Qualified Joint Ventures” in the search box and select the link reading “Election for Husband and Wife Unincorporated Businesses.”
                                       
                        






Partnership Agreement



The partnership agreement includes the original agreement and any modifications. The modifications must be agreed to by all
                        partners or adopted in any other manner provided by the partnership agreement. The agreement or modifications can be oral
                        or written. 
                     
Partners can modify the partnership agreement for a particular tax year after the close of the year but not later than the
                        date for filing the partnership return for that year. This filing date doesn't include any extension of time. 
                     
If the partnership agreement or any modification is silent on any matter, the provisions of local law are treated as part
                        of the agreement. 
                     






Terminating a Partnership
                           



A partnership terminates when one of the following events takes place. 



All its operations are discontinued and no part of any business, financial operation, or venture is continued by any of its
                              partners in a partnership.
                           


At least 50% of the total interest in partnership capital and profits is sold or exchanged within a 12-month period, including
                              a sale or exchange to another partner.
                           



Unlike other partnerships, an electing large partnership doesn't terminate on the sale or exchange of 50% or more of the partnership
                     interests within a 12-month period. 
                  
See section 1.708-1(b) of the regulations for more information on the termination of a partnership. For special rules that
                     apply to a merger, consolidation, or division of a partnership, see sections 1.708-1(c) and 1.708-1(d) of the regulations.
                  
Date of termination.
                             The partnership's tax year ends on the date of termination. For the event described in (1) above, the date of termination
                     is the date the partnership completes the winding up of its affairs. For the event described in (2) above, the date of termination
                     is the date of the sale or exchange of a partnership interest that, by itself or together with other sales or exchanges in
                     the preceding 12 months, transfers an interest of 50% or more in both capital and profits.
                     

Short period return.
                             If a partnership is terminated before the end of what would otherwise be its tax year, Form 1065 must be filed for
                     the short period, which is the period from the beginning of the tax year through the date of termination. The return is due
                     the 15th day of the 4th month (or for tax years beginning after 2015, the 15th day of the 3rd month) following the date of termination. See Partnership Return (Form 1065), later, for information about filing Form 1065.
                     
                     

Conversion of partnership into limited liability company (LLC).
                             The conversion of a partnership into an LLC classified as a partnership for federal tax purposes doesn't terminate
                     the partnership. The conversion is not a sale, exchange, or liquidation of any partnership interest; the partnership's tax
                     year doesn't close; and the LLC can continue to use the partnership's taxpayer identification number.
                     
                             However, the conversion may change some of the partners' bases in their partnership interests if the partnership has
                     recourse liabilities that become nonrecourse liabilities. Because the partners share recourse and nonrecourse liabilities
                     differently, their bases must be adjusted to reflect the new sharing ratios. If a decrease in a partner's share of liabilities
                     exceeds the partner's basis, he or she must recognize gain on the excess. For more information, see 
Effect of Partnership Liabilities
 under 
Basis of Partner's Interest
, later.
                     
                             The same rules apply if an LLC classified as a partnership is converted into a partnership. 
                     





IRS e-file (Electronic Filing)












 Please click here for the text description of the image.
e-file







 Certain partnerships with more than 100 partners are required to file Form 1065, Schedules K-1, and related forms and schedules
                        electronically (e-file). Other partnerships generally have the option to file electronically. For details about IRS e-file, see the Form 1065 instructions.
                     






Exclusion From Partnership Rules
                           



Certain partnerships that do not actively conduct a business can choose to be completely or partially excluded from being
                     treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. All the partners must agree to make the choice, and the partners
                     must be able to figure their own taxable income without figuring the partnership's income. However, the partners are not exempt
                     from the rule that limits a partner's distributive share of partnership loss to the adjusted basis of the partner's partnership
                     interest. Nor are they exempt from the requirement of a business purpose for adopting a tax year for the partnership that
                     differs from its required tax year. 
                  
Investing partnership.
                             An investing partnership can be excluded if the participants in the joint purchase, retention, sale, or exchange of
                     investment property meet all the following requirements. 
                     


They own the property as co-owners.


They reserve the right separately to take or dispose of their shares of any property acquired or retained.


They do not actively conduct business or irrevocably authorize some person acting in a representative capacity to purchase,
                                 sell, or exchange the investment property. Each separate participant can delegate authority to purchase, sell, or exchange
                                 his or her share of the investment property for the time being for his or her account, but not for a period of more than a
                                 year.
                              





Operating agreement partnership.
                             An operating agreement partnership group can be excluded if the participants in the joint production, extraction,
                     or use of property meet all the following requirements. 
                     


They own the property as co-owners, either in fee or under lease or other form of contract granting exclusive operating rights.


They reserve the right separately to take in kind or dispose of their shares of any property produced, extracted, or used.


They don't jointly sell services or the property produced or extracted. Each separate participant can delegate authority to
                                 sell his or her share of the property produced or extracted for the time being for his or her account, but not for a period
                                 of time in excess of the minimum needs of the industry, and in no event for more than one year.
                              


However, this exclusion doesn't apply to an unincorporated organization one of whose principal purposes is cycling, manufacturing,
                     or processing for persons who are not members of the organization. 
                     

Electing the exclusion.
                             An eligible organization that wishes to be excluded from the partnership rules must make the election not later than
                     the time for filing the partnership return for the first tax year for which exclusion is desired. This filing date includes
                     any extension of time. See Regulations section 1.761-2(b) for the procedures to follow. 
                     






Partnership Return (Form 1065)
                           




Every partnership that engages in a trade or business or has gross income must file an information return on Form 1065 showing
                     its income, deductions, and other required information. The partnership return must show the names and addresses of each partner
                     and each partner's distributive share of taxable income. The return must be signed by a general partner. If a limited liability
                     company is treated as a partnership, it must file Form 1065 and one of its members must sign the return.
                  
A partnership is not considered to engage in a trade or business, and is not required to file a Form 1065, for any tax year
                     in which it neither receives income nor pays or incurs any expenses treated as deductions or credits for federal income tax
                     purposes. 
                  
See the Instructions for Form 1065 for more information about who must file Form 1065. 





Partnership Distributions
                           



Partnership distributions include the following. 



A withdrawal by a partner in anticipation of the current year's earnings.


A distribution of the current year's or prior years' earnings not needed for working capital.


A complete or partial liquidation of a partner's interest.


A distribution to all partners in a complete liquidation of the partnership.





A partnership distribution is not taken into account in determining the partner's distributive share of partnership income
                     or loss. If any gain or loss from the distribution is recognized by the partner, it must be reported on his or her return
                     for the tax year in which the distribution is received. Money or property withdrawn by a partner in anticipation of the current
                     year's earnings is treated as a distribution received on the last day of the partnership's tax year. 
                  
Effect on partner's basis.
                             A partner's adjusted basis in his or her partnership interest is decreased (but not below zero) by the money and adjusted
                     basis of property distributed to the partner. See 
Adjusted Basis
 under 
Basis of Partner's Interest
, later. 
                     

Effect on partnership.
                             A partnership generally doesn't recognize any gain or loss because of distributions it makes to partners. The partnership
                     may be able to elect to adjust the basis of its undistributed property. 
                     

Certain distributions treated as a sale or exchange.
                             When a partnership distributes the following items, the distribution may be treated as a sale or exchange of property
                     rather than a distribution. 
                     


Unrealized receivables or substantially appreciated inventory items distributed in exchange for any part of the partner's
                                 interest in other partnership property, including money.
                              


Other property (including money) distributed in exchange for any part of a partner's interest in unrealized receivables or
                                 substantially appreciated inventory items.
                              




                             See 
Payments for Unrealized Receivables and Inventory Items
 under 
Disposition of Partner's Interest
, later.
                     
                             This treatment doesn't apply to the following distributions. 
                     


A distribution of property to the partner who contributed the property to the partnership.


Payments made to a retiring partner or successor in interest of a deceased partner that are the partner's distributive share
                                 of partnership income or guaranteed payments. 
                              





Substantially appreciated inventory items.
                             Inventory items of the partnership are considered to have appreciated substantially in value if, at the time of the
                     distribution, their total fair market value is more than 120% of the partnership's adjusted basis for the property. However,
                     if a principal purpose for acquiring inventory property is to avoid ordinary income treatment by reducing the appreciation
                     to less than 120%, that property is excluded. 
                     





Partner's Gain or Loss



A partner generally recognizes gain on a partnership distribution only to the extent any money (and marketable securities
                        treated as money) included in the distribution exceeds the adjusted basis of the partner's interest in the partnership. Any
                        gain recognized is generally treated as capital gain from the sale of the partnership interest on the date of the distribution.
                        If partnership property (other than marketable securities treated as money) is distributed to a partner, he or she generally
                        doesn't recognize any gain until the sale or other disposition of the property.
                     
For exceptions to these rules, see 
Distribution of partner's debt
 and 
Net precontribution gain
, later. Also, see 
Payments for Unrealized Receivables and Inventory Items
 under 
Disposition of Partner's Interest
, later. 
                     
Example.
The adjusted basis of Jo's partnership interest is $14,000. She receives a distribution of $8,000 cash and land that has an
                           adjusted basis of $2,000 and a fair market value of $3,000. Because the cash received doesn't exceed the basis of her partnership
                           interest, Jo doesn't recognize any gain on the distribution. Any gain on the land will be recognized when she sells or otherwise
                           disposes of it. The distribution decreases the adjusted basis of Jo's partnership interest to $4,000 [$14,000 − ($8,000 +
                           $2,000)]. 
                        

Marketable securities treated as money.
                                Generally, a marketable security distributed to a partner is treated as money in determining whether gain is recognized
                        on the distribution. This treatment, however, doesn't generally apply if that partner contributed the security to the partnership
                        or an investment partnership made the distribution to an eligible partner. 
                        
                                The amount treated as money is the security's fair market value when distributed, reduced (but not below zero) by
                        the excess (if any) of: 
                        


The partner's distributive share of the gain that would be recognized had the partnership sold all its marketable securities
                                    at their fair market value immediately before the transaction resulting in the distribution, over
                                 


The partner's distributive share of the gain that would be recognized had the partnership sold all such securities it still
                                    held after the distribution at the fair market value in (1). 
                                 




                                For more information, including the definition of marketable securities, see section 731(c) of the Internal Revenue
                        Code.
                        

Loss on distribution.
                                A partner doesn't recognize loss on a partnership distribution unless all the following requirements are met. 
                        


The adjusted basis of the partner's interest in the partnership exceeds the distribution.


The partner's entire interest in the partnership is liquidated.


The distribution is in money, unrealized receivables, or inventory items.




                                There are exceptions to these general rules. See the following discussions. Also, see 
Liquidation at Partner's Retirement or Death
 under 
Disposition of Partner's Interest
, later. 
                        

Distribution of partner's debt.
                                If a partnership acquires a partner's debt and extinguishes the debt by distributing it to the partner, the partner
                        will recognize capital gain or loss to the extent the fair market value of the debt differs from the basis of the debt (determined
                        under the rules discussed in 
Partner's Basis for Distributed Property
, later).
                        
                                The partner is treated as having satisfied the debt for its fair market value. If the issue price (adjusted for any
                        premium or discount) of the debt exceeds its fair market value when distributed, the partner may have to include the excess
                        amount in income as canceled debt.
                        
                                Similarly, a deduction may be available to a corporate partner if the fair market value of the debt at the time of
                        distribution exceeds its adjusted issue price. 
                        

Net precontribution gain.
                                A partner generally must recognize gain on the distribution of property (other than money) if the partner contributed
                        appreciated property to the partnership during the 7-year period before the distribution.
                        
                                The gain recognized is the lesser of the following amounts. 
                        


The excess of:



The fair market value of the property received in the distribution, over


The adjusted basis of the partner's interest in the partnership immediately before the distribution, reduced (but not below
                                             zero) by any money received in the distribution.
                                          





The “net precontribution gain” of the partner. This is the net gain the partner would recognize if all the property contributed by the partner within 7
                                    years of the distribution, and held by the partnership immediately before the distribution, were distributed to another partner,
                                    other than a partner who owns more than 50% of the partnership. For information about the distribution of contributed property
                                    to another partner, see 
Contribution of Property
, under 
Transactions Between Partnership and Partners
, later.
                                 




                                The character of the gain is determined by reference to the character of the net precontribution gain. This gain is
                        in addition to any gain the partner must recognize if the money distributed is more than his or her basis in the partnership.
                        
                        

For these rules, the term “money” includes marketable securities treated as money, as discussed earlier under 
Marketable securities treated as money.


Effect on basis.
                                The adjusted basis of the partner's interest in the partnership is increased by any net precontribution gain recognized
                        by the partner. Other than for purposes of determining the gain, the increase is treated as occurring immediately before the
                        distribution. See 
Basis of Partner's Interest
, later.
                        
                                The partnership must adjust its basis in any property the partner contributed within 7 years of the distribution to
                        reflect any gain that partner recognizes under this rule.
                        

Exceptions.
                                Any part of a distribution that is property the partner previously contributed to the partnership is not taken into
                        account in determining the amount of the excess distribution or the partner's net precontribution gain. For this purpose,
                        the partner's previously contributed property doesn't include a contributed interest in an entity to the extent its value
                        is due to property contributed to the entity after the interest was contributed to the partnership. 
                        
                                Recognition of gain under this rule also doesn't apply to a distribution of unrealized receivables or substantially
                        appreciated inventory items if the distribution is treated as a sale or exchange, as discussed earlier under 
Certain distributions treated as a sale or exchange.








Partner's Basis for Distributed Property



Unless there is a complete liquidation of a partner's interest, the basis of property (other than money) distributed to the
                        partner by a partnership is its adjusted basis to the partnership immediately before the distribution. However, the basis
                        of the property to the partner cannot be more than the adjusted basis of his or her interest in the partnership reduced by
                        any money received in the same transaction. 
                     
Example 1.
The adjusted basis of Emily's partnership interest is $30,000. She receives a distribution of property that has an adjusted
                           basis of $20,000 to the partnership and $4,000 in cash. Her basis for the property is $20,000. 
                        

Example 2.
The adjusted basis of Steve's partnership interest is $10,000. He receives a distribution of $4,000 cash and property that
                           has an adjusted basis to the partnership of $8,000. His basis for the distributed property is limited to $6,000 ($10,000 −
                           $4,000, the cash he receives). 
                        

Complete liquidation of partner's interest.
                                The basis of property received in complete liquidation of a partner's interest is the adjusted basis of the partner's
                        interest in the partnership reduced by any money distributed to the partner in the same transaction. 
                        

Partner's holding period.
                                A partner's holding period for property distributed to the partner includes the period the property was held by the
                        partnership. If the property was contributed to the partnership by a partner, then the period it was held by that partner
                        is also included. 
                        

Basis divided among properties.
                                If the basis of property received is the adjusted basis of the partner's interest in the partnership (reduced by money
                        received in the same transaction), it must be divided among the properties distributed to the partner. For property distributed
                        after August 5, 1997, allocate the basis using the following rules.
                        


Allocate the basis first to unrealized receivables and inventory items included in the distribution by assigning a basis to
                                    each item equal to the partnership's adjusted basis in the item immediately before the distribution. If the total of these
                                    assigned bases exceeds the allocable basis, decrease the assigned bases by the amount of the excess.
                                 


Allocate any remaining basis to properties other than unrealized receivables and inventory items by assigning a basis to each
                                    property equal to the partnership's adjusted basis in the property immediately before the distribution. If the allocable basis
                                    exceeds the total of these assigned bases, increase the assigned bases by the amount of the excess. If the total of these
                                    assigned bases exceeds the allocable basis, decrease the assigned bases by the amount of the excess.
                                 





Allocating a basis increase.
                                Allocate any basis increase required in rule (2) above first to properties with unrealized appreciation to the extent
                        of the unrealized appreciation. If the basis increase is less than the total unrealized appreciation, allocate it among those
                        properties in proportion to their respective amounts of unrealized appreciation. Allocate any remaining basis increase among
                        all the properties in proportion to their respective fair market values. 
                        

Example.
Eun's basis in her partnership interest is $55,000. In a distribution in liquidation of her entire interest, she receives
                           properties A and B, neither of which is inventory or unrealized receivables. Property A has an adjusted basis to the partnership
                           of $5,000 and a fair market value of $40,000. Property B has an adjusted basis to the partnership of $10,000 and a fair market
                           value of $10,000.
                        
To figure her basis in each property, Eun first assigns bases of $5,000 to property A and $10,000 to property B (their adjusted
                           bases to the partnership). This leaves a $40,000 basis increase (the $55,000 allocable basis minus the $15,000 total of the
                           assigned bases). She first allocates $35,000 to property A (its unrealized appreciation). The remaining $5,000 is allocated
                           between the properties based on their fair market values. $4,000 ($40,000/$50,000) is allocated to property A and $1,000 ($10,000/$50,000)
                           is allocated to property B. Eun's basis in property A is $44,000 ($5,000 + $35,000 + $4,000) and her basis in property B is
                           $11,000 ($10,000 + $1,000). 
                        

Allocating a basis decrease.
                                Use the following rules to allocate any basis decrease required in rule (1) or rule (2), earlier. 
                        


Allocate the basis decrease first to items with unrealized depreciation to the extent of the unrealized depreciation. If the
                                    basis decrease is less than the total unrealized depreciation, allocate it among those items in proportion to their respective
                                    amounts of unrealized depreciation.
                                 


Allocate any remaining basis decrease among all the items in proportion to their respective assigned basis amounts (as decreased
                                    in (1)). 
                                 





Example.
Armando's basis in his partnership interest is $20,000. In a distribution in liquidation of his entire interest, he receives
                           properties C and D, neither of which is inventory or unrealized receivables. Property C has an adjusted basis to the partnership
                           of $15,000 and a fair market value of $15,000. Property D has an adjusted basis to the partnership of $15,000 and a fair market
                           value of $5,000.
                        
To figure his basis in each property, Armando first assigns bases of $15,000 to property C and $15,000 to property D (their
                           adjusted bases to the partnership). This leaves a $10,000 basis decrease (the $30,000 total of the assigned bases minus the
                           $20,000 allocable basis). He allocates the entire $10,000 to property D (its unrealized depreciation). Armando's basis in
                           property C is $15,000 and his basis in property D is $5,000 ($15,000 − $10,000). 
                        

Distributions before August 6, 1997.
                                For property distributed before August 6, 1997, allocate the basis using the following rules. 
                        


Allocate the basis first to unrealized receivables and inventory items included in the distribution to the extent of the partnership's
                                    adjusted basis in those items. If the partnership's adjusted basis in those items exceeded the allocable basis, allocate the
                                    basis among the items in proportion to their adjusted bases to the partnership.
                                 


Allocate any remaining basis to other distributed properties in proportion to their adjusted bases to the partnership.





Partner's interest more than partnership basis.
                                If the basis of a partner's interest to be divided in a complete liquidation of the partner's interest is more than
                        the partnership's adjusted basis for the unrealized receivables and inventory items distributed, and if no other property
                        is distributed to which the partner can apply the remaining basis, the partner has a capital loss to the extent of the remaining
                        basis of the partnership interest. 
                        

Special adjustment to basis.
                                A partner who acquired any part of his or her partnership interest in a sale or exchange or upon the death of another
                        partner may be able to choose a special basis adjustment for property distributed by the partnership. To choose the special
                        adjustment, the partner must have received the distribution within 2 years after acquiring the partnership interest. Also,
                        the partnership must not have chosen the optional adjustment to basis when the partner acquired the partnership interest.
                        
                        
                                If a partner chooses this special basis adjustment, the partner's basis for the property distributed is the same as
                        it would have been if the partnership had chosen the optional adjustment to basis. However, this assigned basis is not reduced
                        by any depletion or depreciation that would have been allowed or allowable if the partnership had previously chosen the optional
                        adjustment. 
                        
                                The choice must be made with the partner's tax return for the year of the distribution if the distribution includes
                        any property subject to depreciation, depletion, or amortization. If the choice doesn't have to be made for the distribution
                        year, it must be made with the return for the first year in which the basis of the distributed property is pertinent in determining
                        the partner's income tax. 
                        
                                A partner choosing this special basis adjustment must attach a statement to his or her tax return that the partner
                        chooses under section 732(d) of the Internal Revenue Code to adjust the basis of property received in a distribution. The
                        statement must show the computation of the special basis adjustment for the property distributed and list the properties to
                        which the adjustment has been allocated. 
                        
Example.
Chin Ho purchased a 25% interest in X partnership for $17,000 cash. At the time of the purchase, the partnership owned inventory
                              having a basis to the partnership of $14,000 and a fair market value of $16,000. Thus, $4,000 of the $17,000 he paid was attributable
                              to his share of inventory with a basis to the partnership of $3,500.
                           
Within 2 years after acquiring his interest, Chin Ho withdrew from the partnership and for his entire interest received cash
                              of $1,500, inventory with a basis to the partnership of $3,500, and other property with a basis of $6,000. The value of the
                              inventory received was 25% of the value of all partnership inventory. (It is immaterial whether the inventory he received
                              was on hand when he acquired his interest.)
                           
Since the partnership from which Chin Ho withdrew didn't make the optional adjustment to basis, he chose to adjust the basis
                              of the inventory received. His share of the partnership's basis for the inventory is increased by $500 (25% of the $2,000
                              difference between the $16,000 fair market value of the inventory and its $14,000 basis to the partnership at the time he
                              acquired his interest). The adjustment applies only for purposes of determining his new basis in the inventory, and not for
                              purposes of partnership gain or loss on disposition. 
                           
The total to be allocated among the properties Chin Ho received in the distribution is $15,500 ($17,000 basis of his interest
                              − $1,500 cash received). His basis in the inventory items is $4,000 ($3,500 partnership basis + $500 special adjustment).
                              The remaining $11,500 is allocated to his new basis for the other property he received. 
                           


Mandatory adjustment.
                                A partner doesn't always have a choice of making this special adjustment to basis. The special adjustment to basis
                        must be made for a distribution of property (whether or not within 2 years after the partnership interest was acquired) if
                        all the following conditions existed when the partner received the partnership interest. 
                        


The fair market value of all partnership property (other than money) was more than 110% of its adjusted basis to the partnership.


If there had been a liquidation of the partner's interest immediately after it was acquired, an allocation of the basis of
                                    that interest under the general rules (discussed earlier under 
Basis divided among properties.
) would have decreased the basis of property that couldn't be depreciated, depleted, or amortized and increased the basis
                                    of property that could be.
                                 


The optional basis adjustment, if it had been chosen by the partnership, would have changed the partner's basis for the property
                                    actually distributed. 
                                 





Required statement.
                                Generally, if a partner chooses a special basis adjustment and notifies the partnership, or if the partnership makes
                        a distribution for which the special basis adjustment is mandatory, the partnership must provide a statement to the partner.
                        The statement must provide information necessary for the partner to figure the special basis adjustment.
                        

Marketable securities.
                                A partner's basis in marketable securities received in a partnership distribution, as determined in the preceding
                        discussions, is increased by any gain recognized by treating the securities as money. See 
Marketable securities treated as money
 under Partner's Gain or Loss, earlier. The basis increase is allocated among the securities in proportion to their respective amounts of unrealized appreciation
                        before the basis increase. 
                        







Transactions Between Partnership and Partners
                           



For certain transactions between a partner and his or her partnership, the partner is treated as not being a member of the
                     partnership. These transactions include the following. 
                  



Performing services for, or transferring property to, a partnership if:



There is a related allocation and distribution to a partner; and


The entire transaction, when viewed together, is properly characterized as occurring between the partnership and a partner
                                       not acting in the capacity of a partner.
                                    





Transferring money or other property to a partnership if:



There is a related transfer of money or other property by the partnership to the contributing partner or another partner,
                                       and
                                    


The transfers together are properly characterized as a sale or exchange of property. 








Payments by accrual basis partnership to cash basis partner.
                             A partnership that uses an accrual method of accounting cannot deduct any business expense owed to a cash basis partner
                     until the amount is paid. However, this rule doesn't apply to guaranteed payments made to a partner, which are generally deductible
                     when accrued. 
                     





Guaranteed Payments



Guaranteed payments are those made by a partnership to a partner that are determined without regard to the partnership's income.
                        A partnership treats guaranteed payments for services, or for the use of capital, as if they were made to a person who is
                        not a partner. This treatment is for purposes of determining gross income and deductible business expenses only. For other
                        tax purposes, guaranteed payments are treated as a partner's distributive share of ordinary income. Guaranteed payments are
                        not subject to income tax withholding. 
                     
The partnership generally deducts guaranteed payments on line 10 of Form 1065 as a business expense. They are also listed
                        on Schedules K and K-1 of the partnership return. The individual partner reports guaranteed payments on Schedule E (Form 1040)
                        as ordinary income, along with his or her distributive share of the partnership's other ordinary income. 
                     
Guaranteed payments made to partners for organizing the partnership or syndicating interests in the partnership are capital
                        expenses. Generally, organizational and syndication expenses are not deductible by the partnership. However, a partnership
                        can elect to deduct a portion of its organizational expenses and amortize the remaining expenses (see Business start-up and organizational costs  in the Instructions for Form 1065). Organizational expenses (if the election is not made) and syndication expenses paid to partners must be reported on the
                        partners' Schedule K-1 as guaranteed payments. 
                     
Minimum payment.
                                If a partner is to receive a minimum payment from the partnership, the guaranteed payment is the amount by which the
                        minimum payment is more than the partner's distributive share of the partnership income before taking into account the guaranteed
                        payment. 
                        
Example.
Under a partnership agreement, Divya is to receive 30% of the partnership income, but not less than $8,000. The partnership
                              has net income of $20,000. Divya's share, without regard to the minimum guarantee, is $6,000 (30% × $20,000). The guaranteed
                              payment that can be deducted by the partnership is $2,000 ($8,000 − $6,000). Divya's income from the partnership is $8,000,
                              and the remaining $12,000 of partnership income will be reported by the other partners in proportion to their shares under
                              the partnership agreement.
                           
If the partnership net income had been $30,000, there would have been no guaranteed payment since her share, without regard
                              to the guarantee, would have been greater than the guarantee. 
                           


Self-employed health insurance premiums.
                                Premiums for health insurance paid by a partnership on behalf of a partner, for services as a partner, are treated
                        as guaranteed payments. The partnership can deduct the payments as a business expense, and the partner must include them in
                        gross income. However, if the partnership accounts for insurance paid for a partner as a reduction in distributions to the
                        partner, the partnership cannot deduct the premiums.
                        
                                A partner who qualifies can deduct 100% of the health insurance premiums paid by the partnership on his or her behalf
                        as an adjustment to income. The partner cannot deduct the premiums for any calendar month, or part of a month, in which the
                        partner is eligible to participate in any subsidized health plan maintained by any employer of the partner, the partner's
                        spouse, the partner's dependents, or any children under age 27 who are not dependents. For more information on the self-employed
                        health insurance deduction, see chapter 6 in Publication 535.
                        

Including payments in partner's income.
                                Guaranteed payments are included in income in the partner's tax year in which the partnership's tax year ends.
                        
Example 1.
Under the terms of a partnership agreement, Erica is entitled to a fixed annual payment of $10,000 without regard to the income
                              of the partnership. Her distributive share of the partnership income is 10%. The partnership has $50,000 of ordinary income
                              after deducting the guaranteed payment. She must include ordinary income of $15,000 ($10,000 guaranteed payment + $5,000 ($50,000
                              × 10%) distributive share) on her individual income tax return for her tax year in which the partnership's tax year ends.
                              
                           

Example 2.
Lamont is a calendar year taxpayer who is a partner in a partnership. The partnership uses a fiscal year that ended January
                              31, 2015. Lamont received guaranteed payments from the partnership from February 1, 2014, until December 31, 2014. He must
                              include these guaranteed payments in income for 2015 and report them on his 2015 income tax return.
                           


Payments resulting in loss.
                                If guaranteed payments to a partner result in a partnership loss in which the partner shares, the partner must report
                        the full amount of the guaranteed payments as ordinary income. The partner separately takes into account his or her distributive
                        share of the partnership loss, to the extent of the adjusted basis of the partner's partnership interest. 
                        






Sale or Exchange of Property




Special rules apply to a sale or exchange of property between a partnership and certain persons. 
Losses.
                                Losses will not be allowed from a sale or exchange of property (other than an interest in the partnership) directly
                        or indirectly between a partnership and a person whose direct or indirect interest in the capital or profits of the partnership
                        is more than 50%. 
                        
                                If the sale or exchange is between two partnerships in which the same persons directly or indirectly own more than
                        50% of the capital or profits interests in each partnership, no deduction of a loss is allowed.
                        
                                The basis of each partner's interest in the partnership is decreased (but not below zero) by the partner's share of
                        the disallowed loss. 
                        
                                If the purchaser later sells the property, only the gain realized that is greater than the loss not allowed will be
                        taxable. If any gain from the sale of the property is not recognized because of this rule, the basis of each partner's interest
                        in the partnership is increased by the partner's share of that gain. 
                        

Gains.
                                Gains are treated as ordinary income in a sale or exchange of property directly or indirectly between a person and
                        a partnership, or between two partnerships, if both of the following tests are met. 
                        


More than 50% of the capital or profits interest in the partnership(s) is directly or indirectly owned by the same person(s).


The property in the hands of the transferee immediately after the transfer is not a capital asset. Property that is not a
                                    capital asset includes accounts receivable, inventory, stock-in-trade, and depreciable or real property used in a trade or
                                    business.
                                 





More than 50% ownership.
                                To determine if there is more than 50% ownership in partnership capital or profits, the following rules apply. 
                        


An interest directly or indirectly owned by, or for, a corporation, partnership, estate, or trust is considered to be owned
                                    proportionately by, or for, its shareholders, partners, or beneficiaries.
                                 


An individual is considered to own the interest directly or indirectly owned by, or for, the individual's family. For this
                                    rule, “family” includes only brothers, sisters, half-brothers, half-sisters, spouses, ancestors, and lineal descendants.
                                 


If a person is considered to own an interest using rule (1), that person (the “constructive owner”) is treated as if actually owning that interest when rules (1) and (2) are applied. However, if a person is considered to
                                    own an interest using rule (2), that person is not treated as actually owning that interest in reapplying rule (2) to make
                                    another person the constructive owner.
                                 




Example.
Individuals A and B and Trust T are equal partners in Partnership ABT. A's husband, AH, is the sole beneficiary of Trust T.
                              Trust T's partnership interest will be attributed to AH only for the purpose of further attributing the interest to A. As
                              a result, A is a more-than-50% partner. This means that any deduction for losses on transactions between her and ABT will
                              not be allowed, and gain from property that in the hands of the transferee is not a capital asset is treated as ordinary,
                              rather than capital, gain. 
                           


More information.
                                For more information on these special rules, see Sales and Exchanges Between Related Persons in chapter 2 of Pub. 544. 
                        






Contribution of Property



Usually, neither the partner nor the partnership recognizes a gain or loss when property is contributed to the partnership
                        in exchange for a partnership interest. This applies whether a partnership is being formed or is already operating. The partnership's
                        holding period for the property includes the partner's holding period. 
                     
The contribution of limited partnership interests in one partnership for limited partnership interests in another partnership
                        qualifies as a tax-free contribution of property to the second partnership if the transaction is made for business purposes.
                        The exchange is not subject to the rules explained later under 
Disposition of Partner's Interest
.
                     
Disguised sales.
                                A contribution of money or other property to the partnership followed by a distribution of different property from
                        the partnership to the partner is treated not as a contribution and distribution, but as a sale of property, if both of the
                        following tests are met. 
                        


The distribution wouldn't have been made but for the contribution.


The partner's right to the distribution doesn't depend on the success of partnership operations.




                                All facts and circumstances are considered in determining if the contribution and distribution are more properly characterized
                        as a sale. However, if the contribution and distribution occur within 2 years of each other, the transfers are presumed to
                        be a sale unless the facts clearly indicate that the transfers are not a sale. If the contribution and distribution occur
                        more than 2 years apart, the transfers are presumed not to be a sale unless the facts clearly indicate that the transfers
                        are a sale. 
                        

Form 8275 required.
                                A partner must attach Form 8275, Disclosure Statement, (or other statement) to his or her return if the partner contributes
                        property to a partnership and, within 2 years (before or after the contribution), the partnership transfers money or other
                        consideration to the partner. For exceptions to this requirement, see section 1.707-3(c)(2) of the regulations.
                        
                                A partnership must attach Form 8275 (or other statement) to its return if it distributes property to a partner, and,
                        within 2 years (before or after the distribution), the partner transfers money or other consideration to the partnership.
                        
                                Form 8275 must include the following information. 
                        


A caption identifying the statement as a disclosure under section 707 of the Internal Revenue Code.


A description of the transferred property or money, including its value.


A description of any relevant facts in determining if the transfers are properly viewed as a disguised sale. See section 1.707-3(b)(2)
                                    of the regulations for a description of the facts and circumstances considered in determining if the transfers are a disguised
                                    sale.
                                 





Contribution to partnership treated as investment company.
                                Gain is recognized when property is contributed (in exchange for an interest in the partnership) to a partnership
                        that would be treated as an investment company if it were incorporated. 
                        
                                A partnership is generally treated as an investment company if over 80% of the value of its assets is held for investment
                        and consists of certain readily marketable items. These items include money, stocks and other equity interests in a corporation,
                        and interests in regulated investment companies and real estate investment trusts. For more information, see section 351(e)(1)
                        of the Internal Revenue Code and the related regulations. Whether a partnership is treated as an investment company under
                        this test is ordinarily determined immediately after the transfer of property. 
                        
                                This rule applies to limited partnerships and general partnerships, regardless of whether they are privately formed
                        or publicly syndicated. 
                        

Contribution to foreign partnership.
                                A domestic partnership that contributed property after August 5, 1997, to a foreign partnership in exchange for a
                        partnership interest may have to file Form 8865 if either of the following apply. 
                        


Immediately after the contribution, the partnership owned, directly or indirectly, at least a 10% interest in the foreign
                                    partnership.
                                 


The fair market value of the property contributed to the foreign partnership, when added to other contributions of property
                                    made to the partnership during the preceding 12-month period, is greater than $100,000.
                                 




                                The partnership may also have to file Form 8865, even if no contributions are made during the tax year, if it owns
                        a 10% or more interest in a foreign partnership at any time during the year. See the form instructions for more information.
                        
                        

Basis of contributed property.
                                If a partner contributes property to a partnership, the partnership's basis for determining depreciation, depletion,
                        gain, or loss for the property is the same as the partner's adjusted basis for the property when it was contributed, increased
                        by any gain recognized by the partner at the time of contribution. 
                        

Allocations to account for built-in gain or loss.
                                The fair market value of property at the time it is contributed may be different from the partner's adjusted basis.
                        The partnership must allocate among the partners any income, deduction, gain, or loss on the property in a manner that will
                        account for the difference. This rule also applies to contributions of accounts payable and other accrued but unpaid items
                        of a cash basis partner. 
                        
                                The partnership can use different allocation methods for different items of contributed property. A single reasonable
                        method must be consistently applied to each item, and the overall method or combination of methods must be reasonable. See
                        section 1.704-3 of the regulations for allocation methods generally considered reasonable. 
                        
                                If the partnership sells contributed property and recognizes gain or loss, built-in gain or loss is allocated to the
                        contributing partner. If contributed property is subject to depreciation or other cost recovery, the allocation of deductions
                        for these items takes into account built-in gain or loss on the property. However, the total depreciation, depletion, gain,
                        or loss allocated to partners cannot be more than the depreciation or depletion allowable to the partnership or the gain or
                        loss realized by the partnership. 
                        
Example.
Areta and Sofia formed an equal partnership. Areta contributed $10,000 in cash to the partnership and Sofia contributed depreciable
                              property with a fair market value of $10,000 and an adjusted basis of $4,000. The partnership's basis for depreciation is
                              limited to the adjusted basis of the property in Sofia's hands, $4,000.
                           
In effect, Areta purchased an undivided one-half interest in the depreciable property with her contribution of $10,000. Assuming
                              that the depreciation rate is 10% a year under the General Depreciation System (GDS), she would have been entitled to a depreciation
                              deduction of $500 per year, based on her interest in the partnership, if the adjusted basis of the property equaled its fair
                              market value when contributed. To simplify this example, the depreciation deductions are determined without regard to any
                              first-year depreciation conventions.
                           
However, since the partnership is allowed only $400 per year of depreciation (10% of $4,000), no more than $400 can be allocated
                              between the partners. The entire $400 must be allocated to Areta.
                           


Distribution of contributed property to another partner.
                                If a partner contributes property to a partnership and the partnership distributes the property to another partner
                        within 7 years of the contribution, the contributing partner must recognize gain or loss on the distribution.
                        
                                The recognized gain or loss is the amount the contributing partner would have recognized if the property had been
                        sold for its fair market value when it was distributed. This amount is the difference between the property's basis and its
                        fair market value at the time of contribution. The character of the gain or loss will be the same as the character of the
                        gain or loss that would have resulted if the partnership had sold the property to the distributee partner. Appropriate adjustments
                        must be made to the adjusted basis of the contributing partner's partnership interest and to the adjusted basis of the property
                        distributed to reflect the recognized gain or loss. 
                        

Disposition of certain contributed property.
                                The following rules determine the character of the partnership's gain or loss on a disposition of certain types of
                        contributed property. 
                        



Unrealized receivables. If the property was an unrealized receivable in the hands of the contributing partner, any gain or loss on its disposition
                                    by the partnership is ordinary income or loss. Unrealized receivables are defined later under 
Payments for Unrealized Receivables and Inventory Items.  When reading the definition, substitute “partner” for “partnership.” 
                                                            
                                 



Inventory items. If the property was an inventory item in the hands of the contributing partner, any gain or loss on its disposition by the
                                    partnership within 5 years after the contribution is ordinary income or loss. Inventory items are defined later under 
Payments for Unrealized Receivables and Inventory Items
.
                                 



Capital loss property. If the property was a capital asset in the contributing partner's hands, any loss on its disposition by the partnership within
                                    5 years after the contribution is a capital loss. The capital loss is limited to the amount by which the partner's adjusted
                                    basis for the property exceeded the property's fair market value immediately before the contribution. 
                                 



Substituted basis property. If the disposition of any of the property listed in (1), (2), or (3) is a nonrecognition transaction, these rules apply when
                                    the recipient of the property disposes of any substituted basis property (other than certain corporate stock) resulting from
                                    the transaction. 
                                 










Contribution of Services



A partner can acquire an interest in partnership capital or profits as compensation for services performed or to be performed.
Capital interest.
                                A capital interest is an interest that would give the holder a share of the proceeds if the partnership's assets were
                        sold at fair market value and the proceeds were distributed in a complete liquidation of the partnership. This determination
                        generally is made at the time of receipt of the partnership interest. The fair market value of such an interest received by
                        a partner as compensation for services must generally be included in the partner's gross income in the first tax year in which
                        the partner can transfer the interest or the interest is not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. The capital interest
                        transferred as compensation for services is subject to the rules for restricted property discussed in Publication 525 under
                        Employee Compensation.

                                The fair market value of an interest in partnership capital transferred to a partner as payment for services to the
                        partnership is a guaranteed payment, discussed earlier under 
Guaranteed Payments
. 
                        

Profits interest.
                                A profits interest is a partnership interest other than a capital interest. If a person receives a profits interest
                        for providing services to, or for the benefit of, a partnership in a partner capacity or in anticipation of being a partner,
                        the receipt of such an interest is not a taxable event for the partner or the partnership. However, this doesn't apply in
                        the following situations. 
                        


The profits interest relates to a substantially certain and predictable stream of income from partnership assets, such as
                                    income from high-quality debt securities or a high-quality net lease.
                                 


Within 2 years of receipt, the partner disposes of the profits interest.


The profits interest is a limited partnership interest in a publicly traded partnership.




                                A profits interest transferred as compensation for services is not subject to the rules for restricted property that
                        apply to capital interests.
                        







Basis of Partner's Interest
                           



The basis of a partnership interest is the money plus the adjusted basis of any property the partner contributed. If the partner
                     must recognize gain as a result of the contribution, this gain is included in the basis of his or her interest. Any increase
                     in a partner's individual liabilities because of an assumption of partnership liabilities is considered a contribution of
                     money to the partnership by the partner. 
                  
Interest acquired by gift, etc.
                             If a partner acquires an interest in a partnership by gift, inheritance, or under any circumstance other than by a
                     contribution of money or property to the partnership, the partner's basis must be determined using the basis rules described
                     in Publication 551. 
                     





Adjusted Basis





There is a worksheet for adjusting the basis of a partner's interest in the partnership in the Partner's Instructions for
                        Schedule K-1 (Form 1065).
                     
The basis of an interest in a partnership is increased or decreased by certain items.
Increases.
                                A partner's basis is increased by the following items. 
                        


The partner's additional contributions to the partnership, including an increased share of, or assumption of, partnership
                                    liabilities.
                                 


The partner's distributive share of taxable and nontaxable partnership income.


The partner's distributive share of the excess of the deductions for depletion over the basis of the depletable property,
                                    unless the property is oil or gas wells whose basis has been allocated to partners.
                                 





Decreases.
                                The partner's basis is decreased (but never below zero) by the following items. 
                        


The money (including a decreased share of partnership liabilities or an assumption of the partner's individual liabilities
                                    by the partnership) and adjusted basis of property distributed to the partner by the partnership.
                                 


The partner's distributive share of the partnership losses (including capital losses).


The partner's distributive share of nondeductible partnership expenses that are not capital expenditures. This includes the
                                    partner's share of any section 179 expenses, even if the partner cannot deduct the entire amount on his or her individual
                                    income tax return.
                                 


The partner's deduction for depletion for any partnership oil and gas wells, up to the proportionate share of the adjusted
                                    basis of the wells allocated to the partner.
                                 





Partner's liabilities assumed by partnership.
                                If contributed property is subject to a debt or if a partner's liabilities are assumed by the partnership, the basis
                        of that partner's interest is reduced (but not below zero) by the liability assumed by the other partners. This partner must
                        reduce his or her basis because the assumption of the liability is treated as a distribution of money to that partner. The
                        other partners' assumption of the liability is treated as a contribution by them of money to the partnership. See 
Effect of Partnership Liabilities
, later. 
                        
Example 1.
Ivan acquired a 20% interest in a partnership by contributing property that had an adjusted basis to him of $8,000 and a $4,000
                              mortgage. The partnership assumed payment of the mortgage. The basis of Ivan's interest is: 
                           





Adjusted basis of contributed property
$8,000


Minus: Part of mortgage assumed by other partners (80% × $4,000)
3,200


Basis of Ivan's partnership interest
$4,800







Example 2.
If, in Example 1, the contributed property had a $12,000 mortgage, the basis of Ivan's partnership interest would be zero. The $1,600 difference
                              between the mortgage assumed by the other partners, $9,600 (80% × $12,000), and his basis of $8,000 would be treated as capital
                              gain from the sale or exchange of a partnership interest. However, this gain wouldn't increase the basis of his partnership
                              interest. 
                           


Book value of partner's interest.
                                The adjusted basis of a partner's interest is determined without considering any amount shown in the partnership books
                        as a capital, equity, or similar account. 
                        
Example.
Enzo contributes to his partnership property that has an adjusted basis of $400 and a fair market value of $1,000. His partner
                              contributes $1,000 cash. While each partner has increased his capital account by $1,000, which will be reflected in the partnership
                              books, the adjusted basis of Enzo's interest is only $400 and the adjusted basis of his partner's interest is $1,000. 
                           


When determined.
                                The adjusted basis of a partner's partnership interest is ordinarily determined at the end of the partnership's tax
                        year. However, if there has been a sale or exchange of all or part of the partner's interest or a liquidation of his or her
                        entire interest in a partnership, the adjusted basis is determined on the date of sale, exchange, or liquidation. 
                        

Alternative rule for figuring adjusted basis.
                                In certain cases, the adjusted basis of a partnership interest can be figured by using the partner's share of the
                        adjusted basis of partnership property that would be distributed if the partnership terminated. 
                        
                                This alternative rule can be used in either of the following situations. 
                        


The circumstances are such that the partner cannot practicably apply the general basis rules.


It is, in the opinion of the IRS, reasonable to conclude that the result produced will not vary substantially from the result
                                    under the general basis rules. 
                                 




                                Adjustments may be necessary in figuring the adjusted basis of a partnership interest under the alternative rule.
                        For example, adjustments would be required to include in the partner's share of the adjusted basis of partnership property
                        any significant discrepancies that resulted from contributed property, transfers of partnership interests, or distributions
                        of property to the partners. 
                        






Effect of Partnership Liabilities



A partner's basis in a partnership interest includes the partner's share of a partnership liability only if, and to the extent
                        that, the liability: 
                     



Creates or increases the partnership's basis in any of its assets,


Gives rise to a current deduction to the partnership, or


Is a nondeductible, noncapital expense of the partnership.



The term “assets” in (1) includes capitalized items allocable to future periods, such as organization expenses. 
                     
A partner's share of accrued but unpaid expenses or accounts payable of a cash basis partnership are not included in the adjusted
                        basis of the partner's interest in the partnership. 
                     
Partner's basis increased.
                                If a partner's share of partnership liabilities increases, or a partner's individual liabilities increase because
                        he or she assumes partnership liabilities, this increase is treated as a contribution of money by the partner to the partnership.
                        

Partner's basis decreased.
                                If a partner's share of partnership liabilities decreases, or a partner's individual liabilities decrease because
                        the partnership assumes his or her individual liabilities, this decrease is treated as a distribution of money to the partner
                        by the partnership.
                        

Assumption of liability.
                                Generally, a partner or related person is considered to assume a partnership liability only to the extent that: 
                        


He or she is personally liable for it,


The creditor knows that the liability was assumed by the partner or related person, 


The creditor can demand payment from the partner or related person, and


No other partner or person related to another partner will bear the economic risk of loss on that liability immediately after
                                    the assumption.
                                 





Related person.
                                Related persons, for these purposes, includes all the following. 
                        


An individual and his or her spouse, ancestors, and lineal descendants.


An individual and a corporation if the individual directly or indirectly owns 80% or more in value of the outstanding stock
                                    of the corporation.
                                 


Two corporations that are members of the same controlled group.


A grantor and a fiduciary of any trust.


Fiduciaries of two separate trusts if the same person is a grantor of both trusts.


A fiduciary and a beneficiary of the same trust.


A fiduciary and a beneficiary of two separate trusts if the same person is a grantor of both trusts.


A fiduciary of a trust and a corporation if the trust or the grantor of the trust directly or indirectly owns 80% or more
                                    in value of the outstanding stock of the corporation.
                                 


A person and a tax-exempt educational or charitable organization controlled directly or indirectly by the person or by members
                                    of the person's family.
                                 


A corporation and a partnership if the same persons own 80% or more in value of the outstanding stock of the corporation and
                                    80% or more of the capital or profits interest in the partnership.
                                 


Two S corporations or an S corporation and a C corporation if the same persons own 80% or more in value of the outstanding
                                    stock of each corporation.
                                 


An executor and a beneficiary of an estate.


A partnership and a person owning, directly or indirectly, 80% or more of the capital or profits interest in the partnership.


Two partnerships if the same persons directly or indirectly own 80% or more of the capital or profits interests.





Property subject to a liability.
                                If property contributed to a partnership by a partner or distributed by the partnership to a partner is subject to
                        a liability, the transferee is treated as having assumed the liability to the extent it doesn't exceed the fair market value
                        of the property. 
                        

Partner's share of recourse liabilities.
                                A partnership liability is a recourse liability to the extent that any partner or a related person, defined earlier
                        under Related person, has an economic risk of loss for that liability. A partner's share of a recourse liability equals his or her economic risk
                        of loss for that liability. A partner has an economic risk of loss if that partner or a related person would be obligated
                        (whether by agreement or law) to make a net payment to the creditor or a contribution to the partnership with respect to the
                        liability if the partnership were constructively liquidated. A partner who is the creditor for a liability that would otherwise
                        be a nonrecourse liability of the partnership has an economic risk of loss in that liability. 
                        

Constructive liquidation.
                                Generally, in a constructive liquidation, the following events are treated as occurring at the same time. 
                        


All partnership liabilities become payable in full.


All of the partnership's assets have a value of zero, except for property contributed to secure a liability.


All property is disposed of by the partnership in a fully taxable transaction for no consideration except relief from liabilities
                                    for which the creditor's right to reimbursement is limited solely to one or more assets of the partnership.
                                 


All items of income, gain, loss, or deduction are allocated to the partners.


The partnership liquidates.




Example.
Juan and Teresa form a cash basis general partnership with cash contributions of $20,000 each. Under the partnership agreement,
                              they share all partnership profits and losses equally. The partnership borrows $60,000 and purchases depreciable business
                              equipment. This debt is included in the partners' basis in the partnership because incurring it creates an additional $60,000
                              of basis in the partnership's depreciable property.
                           
If neither partner has an economic risk of loss in the liability, it is a nonrecourse liability. Each partner's basis would
                              include his or her share of the liability, $30,000.
                           
If Teresa is required to pay the creditor if the partnership defaults, she has an economic risk of loss in the liability.
                              Her basis in the partnership would be $80,000 ($20,000 + $60,000), while Juan's basis would be $20,000. 
                           


Limited partner.
                                A limited partner generally has no obligation to contribute additional capital to the partnership and therefore doesn't
                        have an economic risk of loss in partnership recourse liabilities. Thus, absent some other factor, such as the guarantee of
                        a partnership liability by the limited partner or the limited partner making the loan to the partnership, a limited partner
                        generally doesn't have a share of partnership recourse liabilities. 
                        

Partner's share of nonrecourse liabilities.
                                A partnership liability is a nonrecourse liability if no partner or related person has an economic risk of loss for
                        that liability. A partner's share of nonrecourse liabilities is generally proportionate to his or her share of partnership
                        profits. However, this rule may not apply if the partnership has taken deductions attributable to nonrecourse liabilities
                        or the partnership holds property that was contributed by a partner. 
                        

More information.
                                For more information on the effect of partnership liabilities, including rules for limited partners and examples,
                        see sections 1.752-1 through 1.752-5 of the regulations. 
                        







Disposition of Partner's Interest
                           




The following discussions explain the treatment of gain or loss from the disposition of an interest in a partnership.
Abandoned or worthless partnership interest.
                             A loss incurred from the abandonment or worthlessness of a partnership interest is an ordinary loss only if both of
                     the following tests are met. 
                     


The transaction is not a sale or exchange.


The partner has not received an actual or deemed distribution from the partnership.


If the partner receives even a de minimis actual or deemed distribution, the entire loss generally is a capital loss. However,
                     see 
Payments for Unrealized Receivables and Inventory Items
, later. 
                     
                             For information on how to report an abandonment loss, see the Instructions for Form 4797. See Revenue Ruling 93-80
                     for more information on determining if a loss incurred on the abandonment or worthlessness of a partnership interest is a
                     capital or an ordinary loss. 
                     

Partnership election to adjust basis of partnership property.
                             Generally, a partnership's basis in its assets is not affected by a transfer of an interest in the partnership, whether
                     by sale or exchange or because of the death of a partner. However, the partnership can elect to make an optional adjustment
                     to basis in the year of transfer. 
                     





Sale, Exchange, or Other Transfer



The sale or exchange of a partner's interest in a partnership usually results in capital gain or loss. However, see 
Payments for Unrealized Receivables and Inventory Items
, later, for certain exceptions. Gain or loss is the difference between the amount realized and the adjusted basis of the
                        partner's interest in the partnership. If the selling partner is relieved of any partnership liabilities, that partner must
                        include the liability relief as part of the amount realized for his or her interest. 
                     
Example 1.
Kumar became a limited partner in the ABC Partnership by contributing $10,000 in cash on the formation of the partnership.
                           The adjusted basis of his partnership interest at the end of the current year is $20,000, which includes his $15,000 share
                           of partnership liabilities. The partnership has no unrealized receivables or inventory items. Kumar sells his interest in
                           the partnership for $10,000 in cash. He had been paid his share of the partnership income for the tax year.
                        
Kumar realizes $25,000 from the sale of his partnership interest ($10,000 cash payment + $15,000 liability relief). He reports
                           $5,000 ($25,000 realized − $20,000 basis) as a capital gain.
                        

Example 2.
The facts are the same as in Example 1, except that Kumar withdraws from the partnership when the adjusted basis of his interest in the partnership is zero. He
                           is considered to have received a distribution of $15,000, his relief of liability. He reports a capital gain of $15,000.
                        

Exchange of partnership interests.
                                An exchange of partnership interests generally doesn't qualify as a nontaxable exchange of like-kind property. This
                        applies regardless of whether they are general or limited partnership interests or interests in the same or different partnerships.
                        However, under certain circumstances, such an exchange may be treated as a tax-free contribution of property to a partnership.
                        See 
Contribution of Property
 under Transactions Between Partnership and Partners, earlier. 
                        
                                An interest in a partnership that has a valid election in effect under section 761(a) of the Internal Revenue Code
                        to be excluded from the partnership rules of the Code is treated as an interest in each of the partnership assets and not
                        as a partnership interest. See 
Exclusion From Partnership Rules
, earlier. 
                        

Installment reporting for sale of partnership interest.
                                A partner who sells a partnership interest at a gain may be able to report the sale on the installment method. For
                        requirements and other information on installment sales, see Publication 537. 
                        
                                Part of the gain from the installment sale may be allocable to unrealized receivables or inventory items. See 
Payments for Unrealized Receivables and Inventory Items
, later. The gain allocable to unrealized receivables and inventory items must be reported in the year of sale. The gain allocable
                        to the other assets can be reported under the installment method. 
                        






Payments for Unrealized Receivables and Inventory Items




If a partner receives money or property in exchange for any part of a partnership interest, the amount due to his or her share
                        of the partnership's unrealized receivables or inventory items results in ordinary income or loss. This amount is treated
                        as if it were received for the sale or exchange of property that is not a capital asset. 
                     
This treatment applies to the unrealized receivables part of payments to a retiring partner or successor in interest of a
                        deceased partner only if that part is not treated as paid in exchange for partnership property. See 
Liquidation at Partner's Retirement or Death
, later. 
                     
Unrealized receivables.
                                Unrealized receivables include any rights to payment not already included in income for the following items. 
                        


Goods delivered or to be delivered to the extent the payment would be treated as received for property other than a capital
                                    asset.
                                 


Services rendered or to be rendered. 




                                These rights must have arisen under a contract or agreement that existed at the time of sale or distribution, even
                        though the partnership may not be able to enforce payment until a later date. For example, unrealized receivables include
                        accounts receivable of a cash method partnership and rights to payment for work or goods begun but incomplete at the time
                        of the sale or distribution of the partner's share. 
                        
                                The basis for any unrealized receivables includes all costs or expenses for the receivables that were paid or accrued
                        but not previously taken into account under the partnership's method of accounting. 
                        

Other items treated as unrealized receivables.
                                Unrealized receivables include potential gain that would be ordinary income if the following partnership property
                        were sold at its fair market value on the date of the payment. 
                        


Mining property for which exploration expenses were deducted.


Stock in a Domestic International Sales Corporation (DISC).


Certain farm land for which expenses for soil and water conservation or land clearing were deducted.


Franchises, trademarks, or trade names.


Oil, gas, or geothermal property for which intangible drilling and development costs were deducted.


Stock of certain controlled foreign corporations.


Market discount bonds and short-term obligations.


Property subject to recapture of depreciation under sections 1245 and 1250 of the Internal Revenue Code. Depreciation recapture
                                    is discussed in chapter 3 of Publication 544.
                                 





Determining gain or loss.
                                The income or loss realized by a partner upon the sale or exchange of its interest in unrealized receivables and inventory
                        items, discussed below, is the amount that would have been allocated to the partner if the partnership had sold all of its
                        property for cash at fair market value, in a fully taxable transaction, immediately prior to the partner's transfer of interest
                        in the partnership. Any gain or loss recognized that is attributable to the unrealized receivables and inventory items will
                        be ordinary gain or loss. 
                        
Example.
You are a partner in ABC Partnership. The adjusted basis of your partnership interest at the end of the current year is zero.
                              Your share of potential ordinary income from partnership depreciable property is $5,000. The partnership has no other unrealized
                              receivables or inventory items. You sell your interest in the partnership for $10,000 in cash and you report the entire amount
                              as a gain since your adjusted basis in the partnership is zero. You report as ordinary income your $5,000 share of potential
                              ordinary income from the partnership's depreciable property. The remaining $5,000 gain is a capital gain.
                           


Inventory items.
                                Inventory items are not limited to stock-in-trade of the partnership. They also include the following property. 
                        


Property that would properly be included in the partnership's inventory if on hand at the end of the tax year or that is held
                                    primarily for sale to customers in the normal course of business.
                                 


Property that, if sold or exchanged by the partnership, wouldn't be a capital asset or section 1231 property (real or depreciable
                                    business property held more than one year). For example, accounts receivable acquired for services or from the sale of inventory
                                    and unrealized receivables are inventory items.
                                 


Property held by the partnership that would be considered inventory if held by the partner selling the partnership interest
                                    or receiving the distribution.
                                 





Notification required of partner.
                                If a partner exchanges a partnership interest attributable to unrealized receivables or inventory for money or property,
                        he or she must notify the partnership in writing. This must be done within 30 days of the transaction or, if earlier, by January
                        15 of the calendar year following the calendar year of the exchange. A partner may be subject to a $50 penalty for each failure
                        to notify the partnership about such a transaction, unless the failure was due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect.
                        

Information return required of partnership.
                                When a partnership is notified of an exchange of partnership interests involving unrealized receivables or inventory
                        items, the partnership must file Form 8308, Report of a Sale or Exchange of Certain Partnership Interests. Form 8308 is filed
                        with Form 1065 for the tax year that includes the last day of the calendar year in which the exchange took place. If notified
                        of an exchange after filing Form 1065, the partnership must file Form 8308 separately, within 30 days of the notification.
                        
                        
                                On Form 8308, the partnership provides its telephone number and states the date of the exchange and the names, addresses,
                        and taxpayer identification numbers of the partnership filing the return and the transferee and transferor in the exchange.
                        The partnership must provide a copy of Form 8308 (or a written statement with the same information) to each transferee and
                        transferor by the later of January 31 following the end of the calendar year or 30 days after it receives notice of the exchange.
                        
                                The partnership may be subject to a penalty for each failure to timely file Form 8308 and a penalty for each failure
                        to furnish a copy of Form 8308 to a transferor or transferee, unless the failure is due to reasonable cause and not willful
                        neglect. If the failure is intentional, a higher penalty may be imposed. See Internal Revenue Code sections 6722, 6723, and
                        6724 for details.
                        

Statement required of partner.
                                If a partner sells or exchanges any part of an interest in a partnership having unrealized receivables or inventory,
                        he or she must file a statement with his or her tax return for the year in which the sale or exchange occurs. The statement
                        must contain the following information. 
                        


The date of the sale or exchange.


The amount of any gain or loss attributable to the unrealized receivables or inventory.


The amount of any gain or loss attributable to capital gain or loss on the sale of the partnership interest.





Partner's disposition of distributed unrealized receivables or inventory items.
                                In general, any gain or loss on a sale or exchange of unrealized receivables or inventory items a partner received
                        in a distribution is an ordinary gain or loss. For this purpose, inventory items do not include real or depreciable business
                        property, even if they are not held more than 1 year. 
                        

Example.
Oscar, a distributee partner, received his share of accounts receivable when his law firm dissolved. The partnership used
                           the cash method of accounting, so the receivables had a basis of zero. If Oscar later collects the receivables or sells them,
                           the amount he receives will be ordinary income.
                        

Exception for inventory items held more than 5 years.
                                If a distributee partner sells inventory items held for more than 5 years after the distribution, the type of gain
                        or loss depends on how they are being used on the date sold. The gain or loss is capital gain or loss if the property is a
                        capital asset in the partner's hands at the time sold. 
                        
Example.
Marucia receives, through dissolution of her partnership, inventory that has a basis of $19,000. Within 5 years, she sells
                              the inventory for $24,000. The $5,000 gain is taxed as ordinary income. If she had held the inventory for more than 5 years,
                              her gain would have been capital gain, provided the inventory was a capital asset in her hands at the time of sale.
                           


Substituted basis property.
                                If a distributee partner disposes of unrealized receivables or inventory items in a nonrecognition transaction, ordinary
                        gain or loss treatment applies to a later disposition of any substituted basis property resulting from the transaction. 
                        






Liquidation at Partner's Retirement or Death



Payments made by the partnership to a retiring partner or successor in interest of a deceased partner in return for the partner's
                        entire interest in the partnership may have to be allocated between payments in liquidation of the partner's interest in partnership
                        property and other payments. The partnership's payments include an assumption of the partner's share of partnership liabilities
                        treated as a distribution of money. 
                     
For income tax purposes, a retiring partner or successor in interest of a deceased partner is treated as a partner until his
                        or her interest in the partnership has been completely liquidated. 
                     
Liquidating payments.
                                Payments made in liquidation of the interest of a retiring or deceased partner in exchange for his or her interest
                        in partnership property are considered a distribution, not a distributive share or guaranteed payment that could give rise
                        to a deduction (or its equivalent) for the partnership. 
                        

Unrealized receivables and goodwill.
                                Payments made for the retiring or deceased partner's share of the partnership's unrealized receivables or goodwill
                        are not treated as made in exchange for partnership property if both of the following tests are met. 
                        


Capital is not a material income-producing factor for the partnership. Whether capital is a material income-producing factor
                                    is explained in the discussion under Family Partnership near the beginning of this publication.
                                 


The retiring or deceased partner was a general partner in the partnership.


However, this rule doesn't apply to payments for goodwill to the extent that the partnership agreement provides for a reasonable
                        payment to a retiring partner for goodwill. 
                        
                                Unrealized receivables includes, to the extent not previously includible in income under the method of accounting
                        used by the partnership, any rights (contractual or otherwise) to payment for (1) goods delivered, or to be delivered, to
                        the extent the proceeds therefrom would be treated as amounts received from the sale or exchange of property other than a
                        capital asset, or (2) services rendered, or to be rendered.
                        

Partners' valuation.
                                Generally, the partners' valuation of a partner's interest in partnership property in an arm's-length agreement will
                        be treated as correct. If the valuation reflects only the partner's net interest in the property (total assets less liabilities),
                        it must be adjusted so that both the value of, and the basis for, the partner's interest include the partner's share of partnership
                        liabilities. 
                        

Gain or loss on distribution.
                                Upon the receipt of the distribution, the retiring partner or successor in interest of a deceased partner will recognize
                        gain only to the extent that any money (and marketable securities treated as money) distributed is more than the partner's
                        adjusted basis in the partnership. The partner will recognize a loss only if the distribution is in money, unrealized receivables,
                        and inventory items. No loss is recognized if any other property is received. See 
Partner's Gain or Loss
 under 
Partnership Distributions, earlier. 
                        

Other payments.
                                Payments made by the partnership to a retiring partner or successor in interest of a deceased partner that are not
                        made in exchange for an interest in partnership property are treated as distributive shares of partnership income or guaranteed
                        payments. This rule applies regardless of the time over which the payments are to be made. It applies to payments made for
                        the partner's share of unrealized receivables and goodwill not treated as a distribution. 
                        
                                If the amount is based on partnership income, the payment is taxable as a distributive share of partnership income.
                        The payment retains the same character when reported by the recipient that it would have had if reported by the partnership.
                        
                        
                                If the amount is not based on partnership income, it is treated as a guaranteed payment. The recipient reports guaranteed
                        payments as ordinary income. For additional information on guaranteed payments, see 
Transactions Between Partnership and Partners
, earlier. 
                        
                                These payments are included in income by the recipient for his or her tax year that includes the end of the partnership
                        tax year for which the payments are a distributive share or in which the partnership is entitled to deduct them as guaranteed
                        payments. 
                        
                                Former partners who continue to make guaranteed periodic payments to satisfy the partnership's liability to a retired
                        partner after the partnership is terminated can deduct the payments as a business expense in the year paid. 
                        







Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA)
                           




TEFRA (Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982) is the common acronym used for a set of consolidated examination,
                     processing, and judicial procedures which determine the tax treatment of partnership items at the partnership level for partnerships
                     and limited liability companies (LLCs) that file as partnerships. TEFRA created the unified partnership audit and litigation
                     procedures of Internal Revenue Code sections 6221 through 6234 (TEFRA partnership procedures).

Partnership item. 
                             Any item more appropriately determinable at the partnership level. If an item is determined to be a partnership item,
                     all TEFRA rules and procedures apply. 


Prior to the enactment of TEFRA, no consolidated proceeding existed for the tax treatment of partnership items at the entity
                     level. As a result, examination, processing, and judicial proceedings for partnerships were conducted at the partner level
                     which required that each partner dealt separately with the IRS and the courts. 
                  
TEFRA procedures were designed to streamline examinations of partnerships by requiring that partnership issues be handled
                     in a single, unified partnership-level proceeding instead of multiple proceedings at the partner level. TEFRA also created
                     the Tax Matters Partner or “TMP” which is the main contact between the IRS, the partnership, and its partners during an examination of a partnership. It
                     is important to note that partners other than the TMP are also entitled to participate during the examination process and
                     appellate conferences.
                  
For the purposes of these instructions, the consolidated audit proceedings of Internal Revenue Code sections 6221 through
                     6234 will be referred to as “TEFRA proceedings.” In addition, partnerships and LLCs that are subject to the consolidated audit proceedings of Internal Revenue Code sections
                     6221 through 6234 will be referred to as “TEFRA partnerships” and those partnerships and LLCs that are not subject to the consolidated audit proceedings will be referred to as “nonTEFRA partnerships.”
                              
                  




Small Partnerships and the Small Partnership Exception




 The term “partnership” means any partnership required to file a partnership return pursuant to Internal Revenue Code section 6031. Partnerships
                        whose tax years begin after September 3, 1982 are TEFRA partnerships unless they meet the definition of a small partnership
                        found in Internal Revenue Code section 6231(a)(1)(B)(i). This is also commonly referred to as the “Small Partnership Exception.”
                                       

To meet the definition of a small partnership, the partnership must pass two tests.



The partnership must have 10 or fewer partners at all times during the tax year. For purposes of the Small Partnership Exception,
                                 a married couple filing jointly and their estates are treated as one partner.
                              


All partners must be U.S. persons, resident aliens, C corporations, or estates of deceased partners. For purposes of the Small
                                 Partnership Exception, a C corporation is any corporation that is not an S corporation.
                              






Therefore, a partnership is subject to TEFRA procedures if during the tax year any partner is:



Another partnership;


An S corporation which files Form 1120–S;


An LLC which files a Form 1065, U.S. Return of Partnership Income;


An LLC electing S corporation status;


A single member LLC, commonly referred to as a “Disregarded Entity” for federal tax purposes;
                              


A trust, including a grantor trust;


A nominee; or


A nonresident alien individual.










Small Partnership TEFRA Election




A partnership that meets the definition of a small partnership may elect to be a TEFRA partnership by filing Form 8893, Election
                        of Partnership Level Tax Treatment. Once a valid TEFRA election is filed, the small partnership is a TEFRA partnership for
                        the year of the election and all subsequent tax years unless the election is revoked with the consent of the IRS. Form 8894,
                        Request to Revoke Partnership Level Tax Treatment Election, is used by small partnerships to revoke a prior TEFRA election.
                        If its TEFRA election is revoked, the small partnership remains subject to TEFRA for all tax years that the TEFRA election
                        was in effect including the year that the election was first filed. 
                     




Note.
                        
If a partnership doesn't qualify as a small partnership for the tax year shown on a TEFRA election revocation, the revocation
                           cannot be made and will not be accepted by the IRS.
                        






Role of Tax Matters Partner (TMP) in TEFRA Proceedings




Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code section 6231(a)(7) and Regulations section 301.6231(a)(7)-1, the TMP is a general partner
                        designated by the partnership to represent the partners during the TEFRA proceedings. The TMP has special rights and the authority
                        to represent the partners during the TEFRA proceedings. The TMP and the TMP's authorized representative are the only ones
                        that can extend the Internal Revenue Code section 6229 period of limitations for making assessments. The TMP usually selects
                        the forum for litigation of the partnership-level tax dispute: Appeals; U.S. Tax Court; District Court, in the district of
                        the partnership's principal place of business; or U.S. Court of Federal Claims. Notice partners and notice groups (defined
                        below) are also allowed to file protests to go to Appeals or petitions to go to court.

TMPs are designated separately for each tax year. If a partnership is subject to TEFRA procedures, it can designate a partner
                        as the TMP for the tax year for which the return is being filed by completing the Designation of Tax Matters Partner section
                        of Form 1065. 
                     

Note.
                        
Since the TMP is a position created by statute, if the partnership or LLC is nonTEFRA, it cannot have a TMP.

The TMP can be designated by the partnership on the partnership return or at any time after the filing of the partnership
                        return by filing a statement with the IRS Service Center where the partnership return was orginally filed. If the TEFRA partnership
                        is unable or unwilling to designate a TMP, a TMP can be identified by using the Largest Profits Interest Rule. The TMP can
                        also be designated by the IRS or Tax Court. 
                     

Note.
                        
Special rules exist for LLCs designating a TMP. See Regulations section 301.6231(a)(7)-2 for more information. 

A partner may be designated as the TMP of a partnership for a tax year only if that partner:



Was a general partner or managing member in the partnership or LLC at some time during the tax year for which designation
                                 is made; or
                              


Is a general partner or managing member in the partnership or LLC as of the time the designation is made.





For TEFRA purposes, a partner is defined under Internal Revenue Code sections 761 and 6231(a)(2)(B). State law determines
                        whether the partner is a general or limited partner and whether an LLC member is the managing member. Under the Uniform Limited
                        Partnership Act (as adopted by most states), a general partner must have a capital account or contribute services to the partnership,
                        but need not have an allocation of profit and loss for each year. 


Note.
                        
If a U.S. person or entity is eligible to be the TMP, a non-U.S. person or entity cannot be designated TMP without the consent
                           of the IRS. 
                        








 How To Sign Documents on Behalf of the Partnership The following are examples of how a tax matters partner (TMP) should sign documents on behalf of the partnership. The manner
                                    in which the TMP signs depends on whether the TMP is an entity or an individual. If the TMP is an entity, the individual signs
                                    in his or her authority to act on behalf of that entity. 
                                 


Designated Tax Matters Partner (TMP)
Signature as Tax Matters Partner (TMP)
Example


Individual
Individual's signature
John Smith, TMP


S corporation
Corporate name followed by the signature and title of the corporate officer authorized to sign
ABC Inc., TMP, by John Smith, Vice President


C corporation
Corporate name followed by the signature and title of the corporate officer authorized to sign
ABC Inc., TMP, by John Smith, Vice President


Subsidiary of an affiliated group of corporations filing a consolidated tax return
Subsidiary corporation's name as TMP, followed by the signature and title of the officer of the subsidiary corporation authorized
                                    to sign
                                 
ABC-MIlwaukee Incorporated, TMP, by John Smith, President


Trust (grantor trust)
Trust name, followed by the signature and title of the person authorized to sign on behalf of the trust
Smith Family Trust, TMP, by Joan Smith, Trustee


Limited Liability Company (LLC) without regard to filing status
LLC name followed by the signature of LLC manager and title of the manager
LMN LLC, TMP, by John Smith, Manager


Partnership (including limited liability partnerships) whether or not subject to TEFRA
Partnership name followed by the signature of the person who has authority under state law to sign for the partnership (usually,
                                    a general partner)
                                 
RST Partnership, TMP, by John Smith, General Partner






Notice group.
                                A notice group is a group of partners in the aggregate having a 5% or more interest in the profits of a partnership
                        that requests and designates one of their members to receive notices. The designated member of the notice group is treated
                        as a notice partner.


Notice partner.
                                In partnerships with 100 partners or fewer, all partners are notice partners. In a partnership having more than 100
                        partners, all partners owning at least a 1% interest are notice partners. A notice partner is entitled to receive notice of
                        the beginning and conclusion of the TEFRA partnership proceedings.







Statute of Limitations and TEFRA




 There is only one statute of limitations for taxpayers and it is under Internal Revenue Code section 6501. This code section
                        states that the period for assessing any tax shall not expire before three years after the later of:
                     



The date the taxpayer's return was filed, or


The last day for filing the return determined without regard to extensions. 






TEFRA created Internal Revenue Code section 6229 which states that the period for assessing any tax attributable to partnership
                        items (or related affected items, defined below) for a partnership shall not expire before three years after the later of:
                     



The date the partnership return was filed, or


The last day for filing the partnership return determined without regard to extensions.






Note.
                        
The Internal Revenue Code section 6229 period of limitations for making assessments extends, but cannot shorten, the Internal
                           Revenue Code section 6501 statute. It is the partners' periods of assessment that are extended by this provision. 
                        

Affected item.
                                 A special nonpartnership item that is affected by a partnership item.
                        






Amended Returns and Administrative Adjustment Requests (AARs)



Administrative adjustment requests are also known as requests for administrative adjustment (RAAs). AARs are amended returns
                        filed either by the TMP on behalf of the entire partnership (partnership-level AAR) or by a partner (partner-level AAR) requesting
                        an administrative adjustment to correct a partnership item reported on the partner's income tax return. Partnership-level
                        AARs are filed on Form 1065-X, Amended Return or Administrative Adjustment Request (AAR), unless the partnership files electronically.
                        Partnership-level AARs filed electronically and partner-level AARs are filed using Form 8082, Notice of Inconsistent Treatment
                        or Administrative Adjustment Request. For more information on filing AARs, see the Instructions for Forms 1065-X and 8082.
                        
                     

Note.
                        
A pass-through entity that is a partner in a TEFRA partnership cannot file an AAR. For example, if a partner in a TEFRA partnership
                           is itself a partnership, the pass-through entity that is a partner cannot file an AAR for partnership items originating from
                           the TEFRA partnership. 
                        







How To Get Tax Help
                           



Go online, use a smart phone, call, or walk in to an office near you. Whether it's help with a tax issue, preparing your tax
                     return or picking up a free publication or form, get the help you need the way you want it.
                  



Internet.  IRS.gov and IRS2Go are ready when you are — every day, every night, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. 
                  



Apply for an Employer Identification Number (EIN). Go to IRS.gov and enter Apply for an EIN in the search box.
                           


Request an Electronic Filing PIN by going to IRS.gov and entering Electronic Filing PIN in the search box.
                           


Check the status of your amended return. Go to IRS.gov and enter Where's My Amended Return in the search box.
                           


Download forms, instructions, and publications, including some accessible versions.


Order free transcripts of your tax returns or tax account using the Order a Transcript tool on IRS.gov or IRS2Go. Tax return and tax account transcripts are generally available for the current year and past three
                              years.
                           


Locate the nearest Taxpayer Assistance Center using the Office Locator tool on IRS.gov or IRS2Go. Stop by most business days for face-to-face tax help, no appointment necessary — just walk in.
                              An employee can explain IRS letters, request adjustments to your tax account, or help you set up a payment plan. Before you
                              visit, check the Office Locator for the address, phone number, hours of operation, and the services provided. If you have an ongoing tax account problem
                              or a special need, such as a disability, you can request an appointment. Call the local number listed in the Office Locator, or look in the phone book under United States Government, Internal Revenue Service.
                           


Research your tax questions at www.irs.gov/uac/Tax-Law-Questions.
                           


Search publications and instructions by topic or keyword.


Read the Internal Revenue Code, regulations, or other official guidance.


Read Internal Revenue Bulletins.


Sign up to receive local and national tax news by email.








Phone. You can call the IRS, or you can carry it in your pocket with the IRS2Go app on your smart phone or tablet.
                  




Download the free IRS2Go mobile app from the iTunes app store or from Google Play. Use it to watch the IRS YouTube channel, get IRS news as soon as it's released
                              to the public, order transcripts of your tax returns or tax account, check your refund status, subscribe to filing season updates or daily tax tips, and follow the IRS Twitter news feed, @IRSnews,
                              to get the latest federal tax news, including information about tax law changes and important IRS programs.
                           


Call the Amended Return Hotline, 1-866-464-2050, to check the status of your amended return.



Call to order forms, instructions and publications, 1-800-TAX-FORM (1-800-829-3676) to order current-year forms, instructions and publications, and prior-year forms and instructions
                              (limited to 5 years). You should receive your order within 10 business days.
                           








Walk-in. You can find a selection of forms, publications, and services — in-person, face-to-face.
                  




Products. You can walk in to some post offices, libraries, and IRS offices to pick up certain forms, instructions, and publications.
                              Some IRS offices, libraries, and city and county government offices have a collection of products available to photocopy from
                              reproducible proofs.
                           








Mail. You can send your order for forms, instructions, and publications to the address below. You should receive a response within
                     10 business days after your request is received.
                  

 Internal Revenue Service 1201 N. Mitsubishi Motorway Bloomington, IL 61705-6613
                     



The Taxpayer Advocate Service.
                             The Taxpayer Advocate Service (TAS) is your voice at the IRS. The TAS's job is to ensure that every taxpayer is treated
                     fairly, and that you know and understand your rights. The TAS offers free help to guide you through the often-confusing process
                     of resolving tax problems that you haven't been able to solve on your own. Remember, the worst thing you can do is nothing
                     at all.
                     
                             As a taxpayer, you have rights that the IRS must abide by in its dealings with you. The TAS online tax toolkit at
                     www.TaxpayerAdvocate.irs.gov can help you understand these rights.
                     
                             If you think the TAS might be able to help you, call your local advocate, whose number is in your phone book and on
                     our website at www.irs.gov/advocate. You can also call our toll-free number at 1-877-777-4778.
                     
                             The TAS also handles large-scale or systemic problems that affect many taxpayers. If you know of one of these broad
                     issues, please report it to us through our Systemic Advocacy Management System at www.irs.gov/sams.
                     






Prev 
                     
Up
 Next


 
Home
 





More Online Publications











Our Agency


About Us



Work at IRS



Help & Resources



Contact Your Local Office



Tax Stats, Facts & Figures





Know Your Rights


Taxpayer Bill of Rights



Taxpayer Advocate 



Accessibility



Civil Rights



Freedom of Information Act



No FEAR Act



Privacy Policy





Resolve an Issue


Respond to a Notice



Office of Appeals



Identity Theft



Report Phishing



Tax Fraud & Abuse





Other Languages


Español



中文



한국어



Pусский



TiếngViệt





Related Sites


U.S. Treasury



Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration



USA.gov

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Enterprise Product Partners Master Limited Partnership Ticker EPD Valuation MLPdata


































































 

						AMZ Index   
						
  
														298.25													


						AMZ Net Change  
						
  
														-2.03						


						AMZ Net Change %   
						
  
														-0.68%						


						AMZ WTD   
						
																								0.21%						


						AMZ YTD   
						
																							-6.04%						


						As of Date   
						
															7/27/2017						







REGISTER   /   SIGN IN



ACCOUNT
	        		





Profile
Subscription
Sign out










a

















MLPData Login



Invalid Email or Password.  Please Try again.





Email

 
Password




Remember Me


LOGIN

Forgot Password?










 

Not Yet a Member?





REGISTER NOW







 







REGISTER







You have viewed 4 pages and Registration for free access is required.


Name

 
						
					
Email

 
						
					
Password

 
						
					
Confirm Password

 
						
					
I Am An

Please select
Professional Investor
Individual Investor
Other

REGISTER





							Yes, I want to receive the
							
							MLP Weekly Intelligence Report
						
We do not share your email addresses







Free Registration Benefits




							Access to Weekly MLP Intelligence Report
						





							Current and Historical Distributable Cash Flow Tables
						





							Current and Historical Coverage Ratios
						





							Current and Historical Maintenance Capex
						





							Forecasted Distribution Growth Rates
						





							Yield Spreads
						





							Valuation Metrics
						


Already Registered?
LOGIN NOW



 








MLP Data Sign up


Invalid Email or Password.  Please Try again.


Sign up for our Basic Membership orlearn more about our Premium Plans:



Basic Membership





*A minimum of 8 characters is required.



What is your occupation or job title?

Select
Professional Investor
Individual Investor
Service Provider
Other






Premium Plans
Premium Features

Distributable Cash Flow Composition
Valuation Metrics
Forecasted Distribution Growth
25 Custom Ticker Lists


Learn More

Premium+ Features

Excel RTD for Windows OS
Unlimited Custom Ticker Lists


Learn More






 







FORGOT PASSWORD






password123

Login Now »




  Enter your registered email to retrieve the password

Email Not found.


Email



Submit







Don’t have
			an account?
Register.
It’s FREE!

REGISTER NOW



 







CHANGE PASSWORD











Old password

New password

Confirm password

Submit







Don’t have
			an account?
Register.
It’s FREE!
REGISTER NOW



 







 
HOME
DASHBOARD
MLPs
FUNDS

PORTFOLIO
NEWS
INSIGHTS




SCORES







PLANS & PRICING








Go to  

Quote 
Chart 
Profile 
DCF Financials 
Distributions 
Valuation 
Forecast 
Unit Metrics 
Financing Cost 
Guidance 














EPD
Enterprise Product Partners        



























            	Natural Gas 
            





Midstream



        Limited Partner        




		                                Ownership Structure
		                            



Exchange Listing Date 
7/28/1998


Website


            	enterpriseproducts.com            	





Quote
Chart
Profile
DCF Financials
 Distributions
Valuation
Forecast
Unit Metrics
Financing Cost
Guidance







Valuation Metrics










                    	Price / Annualized Distributions 
                    	





                    	Spread to 10 Year Treasury
                    	









10 Day Trend



                                Range  0.52 x                                


10 Day Trend



                                Range  19.00 bps                                




7/27/201716.587/27/20173767/26/201716.607/26/20173747/25/201716.587/25/20173757/24/201716.557/24/20173757/21/201716.547/21/20173757/20/201716.537/20/20173737/19/201716.497/19/20173747/18/201716.447/18/20173757/17/201716.427/17/20173757/14/201716.397/14/2017376 



















Stay Informed!
Sign up for our newsletter to stay informed with what has happened this month.













 















        	Sorry ! You are using a dated Browser which does not allow us to show you much of 
        	MLPData.com...please upgrade to any of the latest browsers by clicking the icons 
        	below and we hope to see you return to MLPData.
        






Chrome





Firefox





Safari





Internet Explorer



 




Search Symbol
  



  




You are looking for data on a ticker that is not a Master Limited Partnership. You can view the universe coverage on FIND MLPs page.

 Go to FIND MLPs Page » 







Search Again







                        Go to
                        


Quote 
Chart 
Profile 
DCF Financials 
Distributions 
Valuation 
Forecast 
Unit Metrics 
Financing Cost 
Guidance 























Add to My Lists








Add New / Existing List




























‹‹ Back to Website







                   We use over 20 data sources to bring you the most real time and accurate information
                   available on the Master Limited Partnership universe.  MLPDATA.com enables you to select,
                    analyze and monitor your investment decisions with the following features:
                








                        Select, Analyze and Monitor MLPs:
                    


Quote and Trade Data
Benchmark Bond Yields
Top 10 Performance, Market Cap, Liquidity Leaders and Laggards
Week to Date, Month to Data, and Year to Date Total Returns
Distributable Cash Flow Statements
Coverage Ratios
Distribution and Dividend Announcements
Annualized Yields
Distribution Growth Rates
Incentive Distribution Rights and Payout Levels
Index Performance Attribution
New Issuance Alerts
Industry Focused Breaking News and Articles
Valuation Metrics
Insider Transactions






                       Screen and Scan the MLP Universe to find Opportunities:
                    


Value Chains – Upstream, Midstream, Downstream
Commodity Exposure
Coverage Ratios
Distribution Growth Rates
Price and Total Return
Tax Treatment of Income
Incentive Distribution Rights




                       Analyze ETF, Close End and Mutual Fund Flows:
                    


Weekly Changes in Assets Under Management
Historical Fund Flows
Historical Dollar Traded Volumes




                       Screen and Monitor Funds:
                    


Quote and Trade Data
Product Fees
Week to Date, Month to Date, and Year to Date Total Returns
							Portfolio Monitor ETNs, ETFs, Open and Closed End Funds










Scans







Top Historical Distribution Coverage – 

        		Top ten units which have provided the highest distribution growth rates for the period selected vs the previous period.  
        		For example, One Year growth rate compares the cumulative distributions over the previous 4 quarters compared to the cumulative distributions from the 4 quarters previous the most recent 4 quarters
        	


Highest Payout Coverage –

				Top ten units which have the highest Distribution coverage ratios, which is the calculated as DCF/Actual Distributions.  
				The calculation uses the Trailing Twelve Month cumulative Distributable Cash Flow divided by the Trailing Twelve Month cumulative Actual Payments
			


Top Yield Increase – 

				Top ten units which had the greatest increase in yield change for the period selected.  
				The period selected compares the current yield against the yield for the prior date.  
				For example, the YTD selection would compare the current yield vs the yield as of the year end.
			


Top Yield Decrease – 

				 Top ten units which had the greatest decrease in yield change for the period selected.  
				 The period selected compares the current yield against the yield for the prior date.  
				 For example, the YTD selection would compare the current yield vs the yield as of the year end.
			


Top Forecasted Distribution Growth – 

				Top ten units which have the highest forecasted distribution growth rates as provided by the top tier Sell Side MLP Analysts.  
				When selected, Actual distribution compares the previous calendar year’s actual distributions against the forecasted distributions.  
				Annualized distribution compares the annualized Q4 distribution against the forecasted distributions.
			


Lowest GP Payouts – 

				  Top ten units with Incentive Distribution Rights which have the lowest prevailing General Partner payout rates.
			



 



Scores Glossary







 Outlook for Unit Performance

	        1 .  High Risk of Distribution Cut 
	        2 .  Distribution At Risk 
	        3 .  No Risk of Distribution Cut 
	        4 .  No Risk of Distribution Cut; Growth at Risk 
	        5 .  No Risk of Distribution Cut; Strong Growth 


 Annualized Yield: 

        		Latest Distribution multiplied by Distribution Frequency to provide expected 12 month distribution.
        		


Latest Qtr Avg Yield:  

				The Average Annualized Yield realized over the Quarter.
				


Latest YoY Growth Rate:   

				The growth rate of the most recent distribution rate compared to the period from one year prior.
			


3 Year Growth Rate: 

				 The forecasted Three Year Distribution growth rate, provided my Management or the mean forecast of a select 
				     group of analyst forecasts.
			


YoY DCF Coverage:   

				Most Recent Quarter compared to the Previous Year Quarter's Distributable Cash Flow Coverage Ratio, 
				which is    calculated as Distributable Cash Flow/Actual Distributions paid in that period
			


YoY CFFO:   

				  Most Recent Quarter compared to the Previous Year Quarter's Cash Flow From Operations. 
			



 














Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P.





















































                                                Home                            






                                                About                                







                                                About Us                            



                                                Mission Statement                            



                                                History                            



                                                US Locations Map                            



                                                Facilities                                






                                                Calumet Corporate Headquarters                            



                                                Calumet Burnham Terminal                            



                                                Calumet Cotton Valley Refining                            



                                                Calumet Dickinson Refining                            



                                                Calumet Karns City Refining                            



                                                Calumet Louisiana Synthetics                            



                                                Calumet Princeton Refining                            



                                                Calumet Shreveport Refining                            



                                                Calumet Montana Refining                            



                                                Calumet San Antonio Refining                            



                                                Calumet Superior Refining                            







                                                Royal Purple                            



                                                Calumet Packaging                            



                                                Calumet Duluth Terminal                            



                                                Calumet Duluth Marine Terminal                            



                                                Calumet Crookston Terminal                            



                                                Calumet Tooele Terminal                            



                                                Calumet Rhinelander Terminal                            



                                                Bel-Ray Company                            



                                                Anchor Drilling Fluids                            



                                                Calumet Specialty Oils de Mexico                            



                                                Specialty Oilfield Solutions                            







                                                Calumet Brands                                






                                                Calumet                            



                                                Anchor Drilling Fluids                            



                                                Bel Ray                            



                                                Orchex                            



                                                Penreco                            



                                                Quantum Lubricants                            



                                                Royal Purple                            



                                                Trufuel                            







                                                Government Affairs                            









                                                Products                                







                                                Calumet Product Listing                            



                                                Asphalt Products                            



                                                Base Oils & Lubricants                            



                                                Branded Products                            



                                                Calumet Packaging                            



                                                Food Grade Lubricants                            



                                                Fuels                            



                                                Industrial White Oils                            



                                                Personal Care Products                            



                                                Specialty Aliphatic Solvents                            



                                                Synthetic Lubricants                            



                                                Specialty Waxes                            









                                                Customer Service                                







                                                Transportation                            



                                                Terms and Conditions of Sale                            



                                                Purchase Order Terms and Conditions                            



                                                Customer Forms                            



                                                Contact Us                            









                                                Technical Information                                







                                                Articles & Publications                            



                                                Certifications                            



                                                Health & Safety                            



                                                Letters                            



                                                REACH                            









                                                Investor Relations                                







                                                Investor Relations App                                






                                                IR App for Android                            



                                                IR App for Apple                             







                                                Investor Overview                            



                                                Management                            



                                                Board of Directors                            



                                                Financial Reporting                            



                                                Distribution                            



                                                News Releases                            



                                                Events                            



                                                SEC Filings                            



                                                Presentations                            



                                                Corporate Governance                            



                                                K-1 Tax Information                            



                                                Request Information                            



                                                Investor Alerts                            









                                                Careers                                







                                                Current Openings                            









                                                Contact                            


 






































Visit  Personal Care Products by Penreco 
Penreco has an extensive product offering inoils serving industry from pharmaceuticals tocosmetics to plastics to food processing.























 










 
Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P. is a leading independent producer of high-quality, specialty hydrocarbon products. Our product lines include both naphthenic and paraffinic oils, aliphatic solvents, synthetic lubricants, asphalt, fuels, white mineral oils, waxes, petrolatums and hydrocarbon gels.
 
Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P. has one of the most diverse specialty hydrocarbon capabilities in the world.  









 












 

























