 



Eos Energy Storage Raises $23 Million to Support Manufacturing of Grid-Scale Batteries and Fulfillment of 3,000 MWh of Qualified Pre-Orders | Business Wire
























































Eos Energy Storage Raises $23 Million to Support Manufacturing of 
      Grid-Scale Batteries and Fulfillment of 3,000 MWh of Qualified Pre-Orders




Eos registers unprecedented demand as the company closes its Round 
      C and scales up to deliver industry’s lowest cost energy storage 
      solution in 2016






May 19, 2015 09:53 AM Eastern Daylight Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Eos 
      Energy Storage today announced a final closing of a $23 million 
      Round C equity financing, supporting commercial launch of the company’s 
      grid-scale battery technology. The round was led by AltEnergy LLC, an 
      energy technology and infrastructure investment firm. Other investors 
      included major strategic partners such as OCI and nearly all of Eos’s 
      prior investors including NRG Energy and Fisher Brothers, a New 
      York-based real-estate firm. The funding will accelerate the company’s 
      transition to commercial manufacturing and product sales and deliveries.
    


      Eos is now 
      selling its Aurora 1000|4000, a containerized 1MW/4MWh DC battery 
      system, which will support renewable energy integration, peak demand 
      reduction, and lowering of customer electricity bills. At a disruptive 
      price of $160/kWh, demand for the Aurora product has surged since Eos 
      launched the commercial offering in January. Qualified pre-orders now 
      exceed 3,000 MWh and are growing rapidly, with deliveries beginning next 
      year.
    

      “We’re gratified to see this response both from our investors and from 
      the market,” says Eos CEO Michael Oster. “Demand is being driven by 
      utilities and developers in key international markets spanning six 
      continents. We couldn’t have found better financial partners to work 
      with as we scale up to supply gigawatt-hours of commercial systems into 
      a diversified project pipeline.”
    

      Eos has developed a long-lasting ZnythTM battery technology 
      that uses safe water-based electrolyte, innovative metal coatings, and a 
      novel hybrid cathode to enable extremely low-cost electricity storage. 
      Aurora systems are currently being tested with Con 
      Edison of New York and GDF 
      SUEZ and in the coming months with Pacific 
      Gas & Electric in California. Major utilities—including NRG, 
      Exelon, AEP, Enel, National Grid, and others—have joined Eos’s Genesis 
      program to support development, field testing, and commercial deployment 
      of the Aurora product.
    

      “We have evaluated the entire energy storage landscape and view Eos as 
      the clear leader in cost, safety, and performance,” said AltEnergy 
      Founder and Managing Director Russell Stidolph. “It’s the combination of 
      great technology and a strong management team that we believe will make 
      Eos a big winner in the multibillion-dollar stationary storage market. 
      As investors, we appreciate the company’s emphasis on capital efficiency 
      and believe that Eos is on track to deliver a game-changing product in 
      2016.”
    

      Eos provides full DC battery systems, and through its Aegis Program is 
      partnering with major system integrators to deliver a turnkey AC energy 
      storage solution to end-use customers. Aegis Partners include Toshiba, 
      Gamesa Electric, Ideal Power, and other major global organizations that 
      will sell, install, and service AC-integrated battery systems combining 
      Eos’s Aurora product with leading power conversion and software 
      controls. Eos batteries can be pre-ordered for deliveries beginning in 
      2016 through the 
      company’s website.
    

About Eos Energy Storage, LLC


      Eos is developing a low-cost energy storage solution for electric 
      utilities, with additional applications in commercial and industrial, 
      telecom, and residential markets. Eos’s mission is to produce safe, 
      robust, cost-effective energy storage solutions that are less expensive 
      than incumbent alternatives, such as gas turbines for power generation. 
      Eos is located in Edison, NJ, and New York, NY. More information is 
      available at www.eosenergystorage.com.
    

About AltEnergy LLC


      AltEnergy is an investment firm that focuses on early-stage 
      opportunities in the energy sector. It plays an active role in assisting 
      its portfolio companies realize their full potential by providing them 
      with patient capital and business development resources. AltEnergy’s 
      investment portfolio includes the Tres Amigas superstation, an 
      infrastructure project connecting the three major transmission grids in 
      the U.S., energy efficiency and demand response software technology 
      provider Viridity Energy, and numerous renewable energy projects that 
      will create a multi-hundred megawatt pipeline for Eos batteries.
    


Contacts

      Media:Eos Energy Storage, LLCPhilippe Bouchard, 
      1-212-628-7191pbouchard@eosenergystorage.comwww.eosenergystorage.com


















Contacts

      Media:Eos Energy Storage, LLCPhilippe Bouchard, 
      1-212-628-7191pbouchard@eosenergystorage.comwww.eosenergystorage.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














	EOS ENERGY STORAGE Trademark of Eos Energy Storage LLC. Serial Number: 85321918 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Lubricant and Fuel Products
EOS ENERGY STORAGE










 
Get FREE email alerts













EOS ENERGY STORAGE  Trademark Information
 Eos Energy Storage LLC
Renewable energy, namely, solar energy, wind energy and geothermal energy; Renewable fuels




Perfect for these industries

Lubricant and Fuel Products





Words that describe this mark
renewable   energy         solar   energy      wind   energy   geothermal   energy   renewable   fuels    
                                    




This is a brand page for the EOS ENERGY STORAGE trademark by Eos Energy Storage LLC 
                                in NEW YORK, NY, 10075.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this EOS ENERGY STORAGE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Eos Energy Storage LLC of the EOS ENERGY STORAGE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the EOS ENERGY STORAGE trademark.
                           






On Monday, May 16, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        EOS ENERGY STORAGE by 
                        Eos Energy Storage LLC, NEW YORK, NY  10075.
                        The USPTO has given the EOS ENERGY STORAGE 
                        trademark serial  number of  85321918.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for EOS ENERGY STORAGE is 
                        
                        
                                            EDMUND J. FERDINAND, III of 
                                            FERDINAND IP, LLC,  129 Post Road East, Westport CT 06880 
                                .
                            The EOS ENERGY STORAGE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Lubricant and Fuel Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for EOS ENERGY STORAGE 
                            is Renewable energy, namely, solar energy, wind energy and geothermal energy; Renewable fuels. 
                            





Word mark:
 EOS ENERGY STORAGE


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

6/24/2014



  Serial Number:  
85321918


  Filing Date:  
5/16/2011


 Registration Number:  
4556260 


 Registration Date:  
6/24/2014


 Goods and Services: 
Renewable energy, namely, solar energy, wind energy and geothermal energy; Renewable fuels


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of the term "eos" appearing in a large lower case font that transitions from olive green at the top to yellow to orange at the bottom with a depiction of a woman's head and neck with hair flowing behind it in the colors light green and orange and is positioned on the center of the letter "o"; a large arc shaped bar that begins on the left at a sharp point and gets larger to the right of the mark with a squared end appears in the color orange and has a yellow center; the bar separates "EOS" from the terms "energy storage" appearing in small yellow lower case font at the bottom of the mark.


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
11/29/2011


Last Applicant/Owner:

Eos Energy Storage LLCNEW YORK, NY  10075
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Heads, portraits, busts of women not in profile (Human Beings  -  Women) see more design...


                                                    Shadows or silhouettes of women (Human Beings  -  Women) see more design...


                                                    Curved line(s), band(s) or bar(s) (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("ENERGY STORAGE")


 Correspondent:


EDMUND J. FERDINAND, III
FERDINAND IP, LLC
129 Post Road East
Westport CT 06880






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (004) - Industrial oils and greases; lubricants; dust absorbing, wetting and binding compositions; fuels (including motor spirit) and illuminants; candles and wicks for lighting. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your EOS ENERGY STORAGE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/24/2014
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



EDMUND J. FERDINAND, III


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of EOS ENERGY STORAGE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search eosenergystorage on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for EOS ENERGY STORAGE 




EOS ENERGY STORAGE is providing Renewable energy, namely, solar energy, wind energy and geothermal energy; Renewable fuels.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 







































 



 NEC Energy Solutions Partners With Eos Energy Storage To Bring Revolutionary Energy Storage Product 
         










    










 






 











 









NEC Energy Solutions Partners With Eos Energy Storage To Bring Revolutionary Energy Storage Product To Market

Oct 09, 2015, 14:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   NEC Energy Solutions 











 
















































 

 




















 


WESTBOROUGH, Mass., Oct. 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- NEC Energy Solutions ("NEC ES"), a subsidiary of NEC Corporation, announced today that it has entered into an agreement with Eos Energy Storage LLC ("Eos") to develop next-generation energy storage solutions based on Eos's Znyth™ zinc hybrid cathode battery chemistry and its Aurora DC battery system. NEC ES will collaborate with Eos to provide a complete GSS™ (grid storage solution), which includes DC battery systems, power conversion systems, controls hardware, the NEC ES AEROS® controls software suite as well as service and maintenance packages. 
With a strong reputation for safety, reliability and speed of installation, the GSS™ is one of the most widely deployed grid energy storage solutions in the world with over 120MW installed. In the largest deployed sites, exceptional commercial reliability is being achieved with availability factors of over 99%. The GSS™ can also be rapidly deployed and put into commercial operation within six weeks of equipment delivery on-site. 
"Looking into the future, we acknowledge that no single energy storage technology will be able to meet the diverse needs of the grid and other stationary applications. This collaboration with Eos is part of our ongoing commitment to develop a comprehensive energy storage technology portfolio for our GSS and provide energy storage capabilities that match evolving industry needs," said Bud Collins, CEO of NEC ES. 
Eos's Aurora DC battery system is optimized for four hours of continuous discharge and can be used for peak shaving, solar and wind energy time-shifting or transmission and distribution (T&D) grid support. 
"With batteries currently being tested with major utility companies around the world, Eos is demonstrating the technology's viability and its ability to provide DC energy storage systems at pricing levels that increase the number of economically viable applications and opens up new markets to storage," said Mr. Collins. 
The collaboration expands NEC ES energy storage technology offerings and allows the company to supply an Eos-enabled GSS, supporting reliable, secure, efficient and sustainable electricity grid infrastructure.
"With NEC Energy Solutions' global reach, system integration expertise and track record of reliability, Eos has established a powerful partnership to offer and support turn-key solutions for our Aurora customers worldwide," said Philippe Bouchard, VP of Business Development at Eos. "At a price of $160/kWh, the Aurora DC battery system offers industry-leading cost, safety, and longevity. Our combined capabilities will create cost-effective, robust, and most importantly, bankable energy storage solutions designed to meet longer duration requirements in a safe and certified package." 
The companies are able to quote turn-key systems today with multi MW-scale volume available in 2016 as Eos gears up for mass production.
About NEC Energy Solutions
NEC Energy Solutions develops and manufactures smart energy storage solutions for electric grid, backup power and lead-acid replacement applications with system integration expertise focusing on high performance, efficiency, safety and reliability.  NEC Energy Solution's products range from compact advanced industrial batteries to massive grid-scale energy storage systems.  Its turnkey GSS™ (Grid Storage Solution) products have successfully operated in commercial revenue service since 2009, while its commercial and specialty batteries provide solutions to fit the needs for telecom, IT backup, datacenter, medical, lead-acid replacement and other industrial applications.  For more information, please visit www.neces.com.
About Eos Energy Storage
Eos Energy Storage is enabling safe, reliable, and affordable energy storage. The company specializes in manufacturing low-cost DC battery systems for electric utilities with additional applications in commercial and industrial, telecom and residential markets. Eos's mission is to produce safe, robust and cost-effective energy storage solutions that are less expensive than incumbent alternatives. Eos is located in Edison, NJ, and New York, NY. More information is available at www.eosenergystorage.com.
Press contact(s):For all inquiries regarding NEC Energy please contact:Roger LinNEC Energy Solutions, Inc.rlin@neces.com +1-508-497-7261
For all inquiries regarding Eos Energy Storage contact:Evelyn CashenArticulate Communicationsecashen@articulatecomms.com +1-212-255-3474
NEC is a registered trademark of NEC Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Other product or service marks mentioned herein are the trademarks of their respective owners. ©2015 NEC Corporation.
 SOURCE  NEC Energy Solutions  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.neces.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  

















Jul 06, 2015, 11:00 ET
Preview: NEC Energy Completes A 3.9MWh Grid Energy Storage System For Southern California Distribution Grid Support








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Eos Energy Storage LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 12:38 PM ET
Electrical Equipment

Company Overview of Eos Energy Storage LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Eos Energy Storage LLC develops and manufactures energy storage solutions. It offers DC battery system that is designed specifically to meet the requirements of the grid-scale energy storage market. Its products are used to provide the services, such as a gas turbine for peak power generation, and transmission and distribution assets for delivery capacity. The company offers energy storage solutions for electric utilities, with additional applications in commercial and industrial, microgrid, telecom, military, renewables, and residential markets. Eos Energy Storage LLC was formerly known as Grid Storage Technologies LLC. The company was founded in 2007 and is based in Edison, New Jersey with...
Eos Energy Storage LLC develops and manufactures energy storage solutions. It offers DC battery system that is designed specifically to meet the requirements of the grid-scale energy storage market. Its products are used to provide the services, such as a gas turbine for peak power generation, and transmission and distribution assets for delivery capacity. The company offers energy storage solutions for electric utilities, with additional applications in commercial and industrial, microgrid, telecom, military, renewables, and residential markets. Eos Energy Storage LLC was formerly known as Grid Storage Technologies LLC. The company was founded in 2007 and is based in Edison, New Jersey with an additional office in New York, New York.
Detailed Description


214 Fernwood AvenueBuilding BEdison, NJ 08837United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 732-225-8400

Fax: 732-225-8425

www.eosenergystorage.com







Key Executives for Eos Energy Storage LLC




Mr. Michael Oster


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Steven Hellman


      	President
      








Mr. Chris Gerlach


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Philippe Bouchard


      	Vice President of Business Development
      








Mr. George Adamson Ph.D.


      	Vice President of Research & Development
      


Age: 50
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Eos Energy Storage LLC Key Developments

Eos Energy Storage Announces Executive Appointments
May 17 17
Eos Energy Storage announced the addition of two energy industry leaders to its executive team. Jeff Wiener, former Director of Global Sales – Energy Storage at General Electric, joins as the company’s Senior Vice President of Global Sales, and Chris Gerlach, former Vice President of Finance at Solar Reserve, joins as the company’s Chief Financial Officer. As Senior Vice President of Global Sales, Wiener will leverage his customer and industry experience to build and scale Eos’ brand globally, finding new opportunities and applications for the Eos Aurora® battery. Wiener spent 36 years in GE’s power segment, playing roles in wind, thermal and hydro services, and most recently directed sales for the company’s energy storage division. Chris Gerlach possesses a diverse background in finance and banking in the renewable energy sector as well as in the oil and gas, conventional power and telecommunications industries. In his previous role as SolarReserve’s Vice President of Finance and Global Head of Structured Finance, Gerlach was instrumental in financing the first commercial-scale power tower with storage which entered into commercial operation in late 2015.


ENGIE, Eos Energy Storage and Northern Power Systems Corp. to Work Together to Install a 1 Megawatt, 4 Megawatt-Hour Grid-Scale Energy Storage Solution
Apr 18 17
ENGIE, Eos Energy Storage and Northern Power Systems Corp. have announced that the they will work together to install a 1 megawatt (MW), 4 megawatt-hour (MWh) grid-scale energy storage solution supporting a hybrid solar and wind demonstration project, developed by ENGIE in Brazil. Eos and Northern Power will together manufacture and supply the turn-key, fully-integrated energy storage system combining the Eos Aurora battery with Northern Power’s FlexPhase™ power conversion technology and intelligent controls. The fully-integrated 1MW¦4MWh battery storage system will be co-located with over 5MW of wind and solar generation capacities at a medium voltage substation in Tubarão, Brazil. The project represents ENGIE’s first large-scale deployment of an Eos Aurora system in South America and follows extensive prototype testing at ENGIE’s Batteries Lab located in Linkebeek, Belgium. Northern Power’s experienced engineering design team will be leading the field installation of the energy storage system with construction beginning in summer of 2017.


Eos Energy Storage Highlights a Manufacturing and Assembly Partnership with Environment One
Feb 8 17
Eos Energy Storage has highlighted a manufacturing and assembly partnership with Environment One (E/One). Through this partnership, E/One will assume responsibility for manufacturing Eos' energy storage solution, the Eos Aurora. From its facility in Niskayuna, New York, E/One is manufacturing and integrating Eos batteries into an outdoor-rated, plug-and-play DC module known as the Energy Stack. Under the manufacturing and supply agreement, E/One will be able to meet growing global demand for Eos' novel energy storage solution with the use of 100% domestic manufacturing capacity and labor. The expansion and new operations resulting from the Eos partnership will enable E/One to create a larger number of new jobs in New York State's Capital Region.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 10C Technologies, Inc. United States 24M Technologies, Inc. United States 2D2C, Inc. United States 360 Electrical, LLC United States 4D Energetics Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Eos Energy Storage LLC, please visit www.eosenergystorage.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































NEC Energy Solutions Partners with EOS Energy Storage : Press Releases | NEC






 









 
 
This is the top of the page.


 
Jump to main content.
Please note that JavaScript and style sheet are used in this website, due to unadaptability of the style sheet with the browser used in your computer, pages may not look as original.Even in such a case, however, the contents can be used safely.

Global

Site menu starts here.
Skip site menu.
Close


Contact Us
Support & Downloads 

    

Global    Displaying present location in the site.


Home
Press Releases
NEC Energy Solutions Partners with EOS Energy Storage   
Main content starts here.


NEC Energy Solutions Partners with EOS Energy Storage to bring Revolutionary Energy Storage Product to Market  



 

  
Tweet 

  


  

*** For immediate use October 9, 2015

October 9, 2015 - Westborough, MA, USA - NEC Energy Solutions ("NEC ES"), a subsidiary of NEC Corporation, announced today that it has entered into an agreement with Eos Energy Storage LLC ("Eos") to develop next-generation energy storage solutions based on Eos's Znyth™ zinc hybrid cathode battery chemistry and its Aurora DC battery system. NEC ES will collaborate with Eos to provide a complete GSS™(grid storage solution), which includes DC battery systems, power conversion systems, controls hardware, the NEC ES AEROSR controls software suite, as well as service and maintenance packages.
With a strong reputation for safety, reliability, and speed of installation, the GSS™is one of the most widely deployed grid energy storage solutions in the world with over 120MW installed. In the largest deployed sites, exceptional commercial reliability is being achieved with availability factors of over 99%. The GSS™can also be rapidly deployed and put into commercial operation within six weeks of equipment delivery on-site.
"Looking into the future, we acknowledge that no single energy storage technology will be able to meet the diverse needs of the grid and other stationary applications. This collaboration with Eos is part of our ongoing commitment to develop a comprehensive energy storage technology portfolio for our GSS and provide energy storage capabilities that match evolving industry needs," said Bud Collins, CEO of NEC ES.
Eos's Aurora DC battery system is optimized for four hours of continuous discharge and can be used for peak shaving, solar and wind energy time-shifting, or transmission and distribution (T&D) grid support. 
"With batteries currently being tested with major utility companies around the world, Eos is demonstrating the technology's viability, and with it the ability to provide DC energy storage systems at pricing levels which increase the number of economically viable applications and allows new markets to open up to storage," said Mr. Collins. 
The collaboration expands NEC ES energy storage technology offerings and allows the company to supply an Eos-enabled GSS supporting reliable, secure, efficient and sustainable electricity grid infrastructure.
"With NEC Energy Solutions' global reach, system integration expertise, and proven ability to provide turn-key solutions to the industry, Eos has found a powerful new partner to offer complete grid solutions for our Aurora customers worldwide," said Philippe Bouchard, VP of Business Development at Eos. "At a price of $160/kWh, the Aurora DC battery system offers industry-leading cost, safety, and longevity. Our combined capabilities will create cost-effective, robust, and most importantly, bankable energy storage solutions designed to meet longer duration requirements in a safe, certified, and reliable package."
Eos is gearing up for mass-production and the companies are able to quote turn-key systems today with large MW-scale volume available in 2016.
*** 

About NEC Energy SolutionsNEC Energy Solutions develops and manufactures smart energy storage solutions for electric grid, backup power and lead-acid replacement applications with system integration expertise focusing on high performance, efficiency, safety and reliability.  NEC Energy Solution's products range from compact advanced industrial batteries to massive grid-scale energy storage systems.  Its turnkey GSS(TM) (Grid Storage Solution) products have successfully operated in commercial revenue service since 2009, while its commercial and specialty batteries provide solutions to fit the needs for telecom, IT backup, datacenter, medical, lead-acid replacement and other industrial applications.  For more information, please visit www.neces.com.
About Eos Energy StorageEos is manufacturing a low-cost DC battery system for electric utilities, with additional applications in commercial and industrial, telecom, and residential markets. Eos's mission is to produce safe, robust, cost-effective energy storage solutions that are less expensive than incumbent alternatives, such as gas turbines for power generation. Eos is located in Edison, NJ, and New York, NY. More information is available at www.eosenergystorage.com.

NEC is a registered trademark of NEC Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Other product or service marks mentioned herein are the trademarks of their respective owners. (C)2015 NEC Corporation.  

News Room

Corporate/Financial
CSR/Environment
R&D
Public Safety
Smart Energy
IT Services/Solutions
Computers/Hardware
Software
Telecom Carrier Solutions
Social Infrastructure
Customer Wins
Others
Press Release Archive     


Top of this page  

 
 





 

   


Eos Energy Storage LLC 3920 Park Ave Edison, NJ Energy Management Systems & Products - MapQuest







































































































    Eos Energy Storage LLC
  

3920 Park Ave

Edison
NJ
08820




 Reviews



(732) 225-8400
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help



























Renewables – Eos Energy Storage





































 
















 +1.212.628.7191


 info@eosenergystorage.com
















 






 
















Applications











Renewables
Renewable energy accounts for an increasing portion of our electricity supply; however, the fastest growing of these resources only produce electricity when the wind is blowing or the sun shining. Variability of supply is driving utilities and renewable developers to search for solutions to integrate and optimize these intermittent power sources.
Batteries can store variable electricity production from solar and wind for use when needed, thus creating a firm dispatchable resource. With enhanced energy capacity and immediate response time, Eos’ Znyth® battery technology is ideal for time shifting wind—the majority of which is produced at night—or solar to better coincide with peak demand. Eos batteries can also defer or mitigate infrastructure upgrades needed to accommodate high penetrations of distributed solar, and they can reduce transmission costs by increasing utilization capacity (typical wind/solar utilization is 30-40%, resulting in 3X the optimal transmission capacity). Storage also enables self-sufficient microgrids capable of powering homes, remote villages, or large commercial and industrial facilities.





Learn How Eos Enables Renewables As a Firm Power Source





Learn How Eos Provides Clean & Efficient Peaking Capacity









 







NY Office 3 East 80th Street
New York, NY 10075
+1.212.628.7191 ph 
+1.212.628.7193 fax 
info@eosenergystorage.com


NJ Office 3920 Park Avenue
Edison, NJ 08820
+1.732.225.8400 ph
+1.732.225.8425 fax
info@eosenergystorage.com

Resources

Product Documentation
Careers

Eos on Twitter





								RT  @MWSolarExpo : Keynote #MWSE17 speaker Jim Hughes of  @PoweredbyEos  explores the convergence between solar & storage https://t.co/48P2m5cO…								
2 months ago 




								RT  @JakeRozmaryn : WOW.  @PoweredByEos  is now the 1st #energystorage co to sell DC #batteries for below $100/kWh #milestone #ESACon17 https:/…								
3 months ago 









Eos Energy Storage © 2017












Contact Eos
Sign up to receive Eos' monthly newsletter.






Send







  












News and Media – Eos Energy Storage





































 
















 +1.212.628.7191


 info@eosenergystorage.com
















 






 
















News and Media












Eos in the News 




[View the story "eos energy storage discussions" on Storify]






Speaking Engagements 



April 2017
Energy Storage Association Conference and Expo (Philippe Bouchard, Speaker: The Art of the Deal: How Storage Projects Come to Life)
Denver, CO
March 2017
CERAWeek (Jim Hughes, Speaker: The Future of Solar and Next Grid: Will the Real Digital Power Grid Stand Up?)
Houston, TX
March 2017
NY-BEST Annual Meeting & Conference: Capture the Energy (Philippe Bouchard, Speaker: Policy Roundtable – The Path Forward for Grid Energy: Pathways to Market Mechanisms)
Albany, NY
March 2017
Transmission Summit (Charles Russell, Speaker: Energy Storage as Transmission Assets- Lessons Learned in Grid-Connected Project Deployment and Operational Employment)
Washington, DC
December 2016
Energy Storage Summit (Charles Russell, Speaker: Mapping Technologies & Applications II [Long Duration])
San Francisco, CA
November 2015
Energy Storage Symposium hosted by the Joint Center on Energy Storage Research (JCESR), Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and CalCharge (Philippe Bouchard, Speaker)
 Berkeley, CA
October 2015
Grid Transformation West (Philippe Bouchard, Speaker)
September 2015
Solar Power International 2015 (Jim Morgenson, Speaker: Solar + Storage: The Value of Integrating Storage with Solar)
 Anaheim, CA
August 2015
The CSFB Energy Storage Forum (Michael Oster)
New York, NY
May 2015
PLUGVOLT (Philippe Bouchard: Update on Zinc Hybrid Cathode Battery Technology: Lessons learned from Demo Projects with Major Utilities in US & Europe)
Webinar
January 2015
Goldman Sachs Global Energy Conference
New York, NY
December 2014
General Electric Battery Energy Storage Symposium (Michael Oster, Speaker)
Niskayuna, New York
November 2014
Resilience Finance Symposium: Building Resilient and Sustainable Energy Solutions for New Jersey’s Key Infrastructure (Michael Oster, Speaker)
Newark, NJ
October 2014
RMEL Renewable Planning and Operations Conference (Philippe Bouchard, Speaker: Batteries Charge American Homes and Industry: The Business Case for Distributed Energy Storage Systems Designed to Maximized End User and Utility Value)
San Antonio, TX
October 2014
CERA Energy Innovations Summit (Steve Hellman, Panel Speaker: Energy Storage: Still the Next Big Thing)
Houston, TX
September 2014
NY-BEST Energy Storage Supply Chain & Manufacturing Conference & Expo (Philippe Bouchard, Panel Speaker: Industry Perspectives on Energy Storage Supply Chain & Manufacturing)
Rochester, NY 
June 2014
Intersolar Europe (Michael Oster, Speaker: Energy Storage: Battery Technologies)
Munich, Germany
June 2014
3rd international Conference and Expo on Energy Storage in China (Steve Hellman, Speaker: Practicability and Demand Matchmaking on Energy Storage Technology Solutions Panel)
Beijing, China
June 2014
PV America 2014 Expo (Philippe Bouchard, Speaker: The Economic Value Proposition of Solar PV Integrated Energy Storage)
Boston, MA
June 2014
11th Annual Ardour Capital Energy Technology & Sustainability Conference (Michael Oster, Speaker)
New York, NY
June 2014
Energy Storage Association 24th Annual Conference (Philippe Bouchard: How to identify the best solution for a business case) and (Steve Hellman, Session Manager)
Washington, D.C.
June 2014
DNV GL’s Utility of the Future Leadership Forum (Steve Hellman, Speaker on Energy Storage Panel)
Washington, D.C.
June 2014
Intersolar Europe (Michael Oster, Speaker, Energy Storage: Battery Technologies)
Munich, Germany
May 2014
FBR Energy Technology Summit (Steve Hellman, Speaker)
New York, NY
May 2014
JCESR Lunch Discussion on Energy Storage (Steve Hellman, Speaker)
Menlo Park, CA
May 2014
3rd Annual Solar Energy Summit Hosted by Cohn Reznick (Philippe Bouchard, Speaker on Panel: Is Storage the next game-changer?)
Dana Point, CA
April 2014
Advanced Energy Conference (Philippe Bouchard, Speaker)
Albany, NY
April 2014
Clean Energy Challenge (Steve Hellman, Judge/ Competitor Evaluation)
Chicago, IL
January 2014
NAATBatt 2014 Annual Meeting & Symposium: Innovation in Energy Storage
San Diego, CA
March 2014
CERAWeek 2014: Energy & the New Global Competition
Houston, TX
March 2014
APEC 2014 Applied Power Electronics Conference & Exposition
Fort Worth, TX
December 2013
Energy Storage Outlook Conference Call with Eos President Steve Hellman
UBS Hosted Conference Call
September 2013
NY-BEST Technology Conference
Syracuse, NY
July 2013
Intersolar North America Conference
San Francisco, CA
May 2013
ESA 23rd Annual Conference: Energy Storage: Turn It On
San Jose, CA
February 2013
Evolving the Techno-Economic Realities of Energy Storage Systems
Nice, France
February 2013
2013 International Zinc Conference
Cancun, Mexico
July 2012
Knowledge Foundation: Small Fuel Cells 2012 (Michael Oster, Speaker: Development of Zinc-Air Batteries
Boston, MA
November 2011
IRES: 6th International Renewable Energy Storage Conference & Exhibition (Michael Oster, Speaker: Zinc Air – a Low Cost, Long Life and Near Term Battery Technology)
Berlin, Germany
October 2011
EESAT: Electrical Energy Storage Applications and Technology (Michael Oster, Speaker)
San Diego, CA
September 2011
Battery Power 2011 (Michael Oster, Speaker)
Nashville, TN
September 2011
NAATBatt 2010 Annual Meeting & Conference (Michael Oster)
Louisville, KY
June 2011
ESA: Electrical Storage Association (Michael Oster, Speaker)
San Jose, CA
July 2010
Storage Week 2010 (Michael Oster, Speaker: Vendor Perspectives on Progress in Getting Storage onto the Grid)
San Diego, CA
March 2009
Transmission Summit 2009 (Michael Oster, Speaker:  Implications of Smart Grid Technology for Transmission)
Washington, D.C.






Sign Up:  Eos Quarterly Update			





 










            Submit        




 

 


 




Follow Us 




 


















NY Office 3 East 80th Street
New York, NY 10075
+1.212.628.7191 ph 
+1.212.628.7193 fax 
info@eosenergystorage.com


NJ Office 3920 Park Avenue
Edison, NJ 08820
+1.732.225.8400 ph
+1.732.225.8425 fax
info@eosenergystorage.com

Resources

Product Documentation
Careers

Eos on Twitter





								RT  @MWSolarExpo : Keynote #MWSE17 speaker Jim Hughes of  @PoweredbyEos  explores the convergence between solar & storage https://t.co/48P2m5cO…								
2 months ago 




								RT  @JakeRozmaryn : WOW.  @PoweredByEos  is now the 1st #energystorage co to sell DC #batteries for below $100/kWh #milestone #ESACon17 https:/…								
3 months ago 









Eos Energy Storage © 2017












Contact Eos
Sign up to receive Eos' monthly newsletter.






Send







  












About Eos – Eos Energy Storage





































 
















 +1.212.628.7191


 info@eosenergystorage.com
















 






 
















About EosHome / About Eos












				Company History			



Named after Eos, the Greek Goddess of the Dawn, Eos Energy Storage aims to bring about a new dawn of energy storage—one that will transform the way we produce, deliver, and consume electricity.
Eos’ mission is to develop cost effective energy storage solutions that are not only less expensive than other battery technologies, but less expensive than the most economical alternative used today to provide the same services – a gas turbine for peak power generation and transmission and distribution assets for delivery capacity. Eos views energy storage as a solution to real business problems, and is developing a battery technology that responds directly to the requirements of the business case at hand. The result is Eos’ novel, proprietary Znyth® technology—the first low-cost, long-life, inherently safe, energy dense, and highly efficient aqueous battery.
Founded in 2008 after the issuance of the patent for its core technology, Eos has grown to become a leader in the nascent and rapidly growing energy storage industry. Eos’ elite research and development team is led by management with decades of experience in battery technology and building successful energy companies.
Eos has established a strong commercial platform, partnering with leading suppliers, manufacturers, and utilities to enhance and accelerate product development.





Learn More About Eos’ Partnerships



Join Eos as we work towards building a more efficient, cleaner, and more secure energy future for America and the world.
















				Leadership			

















James A. “Jim” Hughes
Chairman of the Board of Directors



James A. “Jim” Hughes is the Chairman of the Board of Directors for Eos Energy Storage. He served as CEO of First Solar from May 2012 to June 2016. Prior to joining First Solar, Mr. Hughes served, from October 2007 until April 2011, as Chief Executive Officer and Director of AEI Services LLC, which owned and operated power distribution, power generation (both thermal and renewable), natural gas transportation and services, and natural gas distribution businesses in emerging markets worldwide. Earlier in his career, Mr. Hughes was President of Prisma Energy International and spent almost a decade with Enron Corporation in positions that included President and Chief Operating Officer of Enron Global Assets, President and Chief Operating Officer of Enron Asia Pacific, Africa and China and as Assistant General Counsel of Enron International.
Mr. Hughes is a Director of TPI Composites, Inc. (NASDAQ – TPIC), which is the world’s largest independent manufacturer of wind turbine blades with operations in the US, China, Turkey and Mexico.  He is a Director of Alcoa Corporation, (NYSE – AA) which was spun out from Alcoa, Inc. in late 2016. Mr. Hughes is also a Director of Waypoint Leasing Holdings Ltd., the largest independent global helicopter leasing company.  He serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Los Angeles branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco.
Mr. Hughes holds a juris doctor degree from the University of Texas at Austin School of Law, a Certificate of Completion in international Business Law from Queen Mary’s College, University of London, and a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Southern Methodist University.







Michael Oster Chief Executive Officer



Michael’s experience includes real estate, emerging markets, technology and renewable energy. Prior to Eos, Michael launched Clean Energy Holdings as a vehicle to develop solar power and invest in energy technologies. He had developed several of the larger commercial solar power systems in New Jersey in partnership with a major European utility. Michael co-founded Eos with Steve Amendola and was the first investor in the company. Michael began his career in strategy and business planning based at IBM’s largest development and testing facility, and he later joined the international management consulting firm of A. T. Kearney. In 1991, Michael moved to Russia as privatization was starting and built what was one of the first and largest real estate investment and development companies in Moscow and St. Petersburg. In 1994, Michael established the first institutional real estate investment fund in Russia in partnership with the AT&T pension fund, and developed numerous successful projects. In the last decade, Michael formed and capitalized an early stage technology venture capital firm in New York City. He was one of the original partners to launch the global energy technology firm Aspect Enterprise Solutions together with Steve Hellman, where he populated the board and investor group with OPEC oil ministers, US cabinet members and other energy industry leaders. Michael has been quoted or profiled in the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, USA Today, the London Observer, the Moscow Times and other publications. Michael received his BA from Brandeis University and his MBA from NYU where he won an award for best thesis for his work on evaluating risk. He speaks Russian and French.

















Steve Hellman
Director



Steve Hellman joined Eos as Director after a long career of building new companies, largely in energy and real estate. Steve began his energy career with Glencore, the largest commodities trading company in the world, where he built six successful companies in oil production and refining. Thereafter he created his own energy trading company which grew to $8B in revenues, and built a shipping company of 27 tankers. Together with Michael Oster he later created Aspect Enterprise Solutions, an energy technology company which provides software as a service to hundreds of major oil and energy companies (clients include BP, China Oil, ExxonMobil and Gazprom). In recent years he acted as an Advisor to the US State Department where he worked with Heads of State and Senior Ministers throughout Eurasia to resolve energy conflicts and to develop a strategy for Eurasian oil and gas infrastructure development. Steve also independently built a $150M commercial real estate business. Steve speaks Russian and Chinese, is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, and holds an MA (Industrial Engineering) and a BS (Political Science, Slavic Languages) from Stanford University (Phi Beta Kappa, 1987).







Dr. George Adamson
Chief Technical Operating Officer



George’s passion is bringing highly technical products from the laboratory into production. Over his career he has successfully shepherded five products through the development process: four advanced batteries and one consumer product. Prior to Eos, George was Vice President for Product Development at ZPower, LLC where he was responsible for the intellectual property portfolio and developed silver-zinc batteries for medical device applications.
Prior to ZPower, George was the head of Virtic, LLC, where he directed the company’s contract engineering and scientific consulting services, helping a number of clients to expand their product lines and intellectual property portfolios. Prior to that he served as Vice President of Process Engineering and Vice President of Research and Development at Valence Technology Corporation where he led the engineering team scaling a lithium polymer battery chemistry from the bench-top to a full manufacturing plant capable of producing 3.4 MWh of batteries per day. He also led the scale-up of Valence’s lithium transition metal phosphate technologies both as raw materials and as finished batteries; and he launched the company’s first three large scale production lines. Prior to Valence, Dr. Adamson was the Senior Research Scientist for Zinc Air Power Corporation, a start-up company developing a commercial electric vehicle battery. In this position, Dr. Adamson directed an electrochemical research and catalyst testing program to develop a commercial low-cost bi-function air cathode.
Dr. Adamson is the holder of nine issued U.S. patents, with many additional applications pending. He has published extensively in such journals as Journal of Power Sources, Chemistry of Materials, Electrochemical, Journal of the Electrochemical Society and Solid-State Letters, Journal of Chemical Physics and Journal of Molecular Spectroscopy. He holds a B.S. in Chemistry from the University of California, Riverside and a Ph.D. in Physical Chemistry from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

















Chris Gerlach
Chief Financial Officer



Chris Gerlach is Eos’s CFO with responsibility for all corporate finance activity, treasury, financial planning, accounting, internal audit, and risk.  Chris leverages 20+ years of finance experience in his role as CFO.  Prior to joining Eos, he worked at SolarReserve, as the VP of Finance/Global Head of Structured Finance. He also has 12 years of banking experience with several global banking institutions including HSBC and Société Générale.  In addition to his knowledge of the renewables sector, Chris’s diverse background touches multiple other industries including oil & gas, conventional power, transportation infrastructure, and telecommunications in more than 15 countries in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Australia. Throughout his career, Chris has participated as leader and/or core team member in multiple landmark transactions.  Six of these received Project Magazine and/or Project Finance International Deal of the Year Awards.  Chris earned his Master of Science degree in Shipping, Trade and Finance from the Caas Business School in London.  He also holds a Bachelor of Science degree (Honours) in Economics and Business Studies from the University of London.  Chris is multilingual. He speaks English, German, Portuguese and Spanish.







Jeffrey Wiener
Senior Vice President, Global Sales



Mr. Wiener is a graduate of Tulane University in New Orleans, where he received his Mechanical Engineer degree.  He has worked at GE for about 36 years in several of the Industrial, Aircraft and Power divisions.  He started his GE career as a field engineer working on steam and gas turbines in the central US. He spent 11 years in GE Aircraft Engines where he rose through the organization from Test Engineer to Manager of the Military Development Test Facility.  In 1993, Mr. Wiener moved to Schenectady NY where he became the Manager of the Gas Turbine Combustion Labs helping developed the low NOx combustion systems for GE ‘s fleet of industrial gas turbines. He spent several years in GE Industrial working on drives and controls for large industrials, before returning to GE Power in 2000 as the global Sales Director for the GE Hydro.  He joined GE Wind, in 2004 as the Global Sales Director for GE’s rapidly growing Wind Services Business, helping to grow that business from a startup to a successful $500+M business.  Enjoying the startup mentality and challenge in 2014 he moved to GE’s new Energy Storage business. As the Global Sales leader and key business executive, he has helped GE grow its presence in this dynamic environment, driving the business from a startup to a scalable business, putting over 50MW of commercial scale utility storage projects in operation in 2017.

















Philippe Bouchard Senior Vice President, Business Development and Marketing



Philippe joined Eos after 5 years of in-depth experience leading emerging technology and regulatory initiatives within the utility energy industry. While working previously within Southern California Edison’s Advanced Technology Organization, Philippe co-authored SCE’s Smart Grid Deployment Plan and managed a $3 million portfolio of diversified R&D and technology evaluation projects. Philippe also completed SCE’s 2-year Marketing Analysis & Planning Strategy (MAPS) rotation program where he lead keystone projects within the arenas of Advanced Technology, Demand Response and Regulatory Policy & Affairs. In this rotational capacity, Philippe lead development of General Rate Case testimony for SCE’s Plug-in Vehicle Readiness Program and helped to propose and implement customer demand response programs leveraging newly implemented smart metering and home area network technology platforms. Philippe previously worked as a research analyst for E Source—an energy research and consulting firm– where he specialized in demand-side management programs, smart grid technologies, and corporate greenhouse gas consulting. Philippe brings an interdisciplinary background in chemistry and environmental sciences and graduated with a B.A. from Pomona College.







Neil Ovadia
Vice President – Operations



Neil Ovadia joined Eos in 2011 and leads manufacturing, supply chain, financial and logistics operations.  Neil has previously led operations, purchasing, finance, ERP/MRP implementations and other major initiatives for multiple food manufacturing companies with annual revenues ranging from $10M – $250M.  In his last position Neil managed the simultaneous merger of three newly acquired subsidiaries within a six-month timeframe, incorporating all manufacturing, finance and daily operations into a single headquartered site. Focusing on operational excellence, Neil was able to restructure the company’s operational plan allowing it to successfully acquire a $50M asset based credit line. Neil is a graduate of Stony Brook University and a retired Sgt. First Class in the IDF.

















Jim Morgenson
Vice President – Sales



Jim Morgenson leads worldwide direct sales efforts as well as expansion of Eos’s Aegis program, which involves formal partnerships with major system integrators who sell, install, and service turnkey AC energy storage solutions using the Aurora® DC battery. Jim joins Eos from SMA Solar Technology and Rockwell Automation, where he developed and scaled global sales strategies for emerging technologies in utility, commercial and industrial markets. Jim comes to Eos with over 18 years of industry experience in the fields of semiconductors, electronics, and inverters. He has managed teams of over 17 employees and has established and executed consistent year-over-year growth in sales and market share in his prior roles. Jim is graduate of Penn State University with a degree in Mechanical Engineering.







Steven Amendola
Inventor



Steve invented and patented Eos’ battery technology and co-founded the company Eos Energy Storage. Steve is also the inventor and founder of Renewable Silicon International (RSi), a silicon processing technology that reduces silicon costs by more than 60% compared to the industry standard silicon processing methods. RSi has been funded by the Quercus Trust and has started manufacturing at its plant in Easton, PA. Steve also founded the company Millennium Cell, which developed a very high energy density battery/fuel cell technology. Steve managed the company (which grew to 50 employees and later went public) before leaving to develop new technologies in 2002. Steve has been awarded more than two dozen U.S. patents, with approximately 20 additional patents pending and many corresponding foreign patents related to new fuels, turbines, diesel fuels, and hydrogen production. Steve’s area of specialty is large scale power storage. He has a deep knowledge and decades of experience evaluating and developing related technologies.


























Peak infrastructure requirements, intermittent renewables, grid resilience, and increasing energy prices make grid-scale energy storage a $100B+ market by 2020. Several key differentiators position Eos for success in this emerging and rapidly growing marketplace:
Differentiated Product/Technology – Eos’ patented Znyth® battery technology is low cost, safe, reliable, & long-lasting; Eos’ grid-scale Aurora® product has been specifically designed to maximize customer return on investment in highly reproducible applications.
Industry-Leading Value Proposition – At a target price of $160/kWh, Eos will disrupt incumbent solutions used for peak generation and delivery capacity (e.g. gas-fired turbines, transmission and distribution upgrades) by providing the same service at lower cost
World Class Partnerships – Joint development with major system integrators and contract manufacturer enhances product value proposition and accelerates path to market. Rapid prototyping and manufacturing partnership with Incodema Group enables capex efficient scale-up & production
Advanced go-to-market strategy – Close cooperation with 8 major utility Genesis partners representing over 350 GW generation, 1.8M miles of T&D, and over 81M customers in 70+ countries to demonstrate first generation product and accelerate revenues
Experienced management team – Veteran management team with deep expertise (two chemistry Ph.Ds with 30+ patents and battery technology commercialization experience) and a history of success in scaling energy businesses






























				Careers			







Eos Energy Storage is a vibrant, entrepreneurial work environment, and we are always looking for qualified people to join our team, especially scientists with battery experience. For a complete list of our career opportunities visit our Careers page.















NY Office 3 East 80th Street
New York, NY 10075
+1.212.628.7191 ph 
+1.212.628.7193 fax 
info@eosenergystorage.com


NJ Office 3920 Park Avenue
Edison, NJ 08820
+1.732.225.8400 ph
+1.732.225.8425 fax
info@eosenergystorage.com

Resources

Product Documentation
Careers

Eos on Twitter





								RT  @MWSolarExpo : Keynote #MWSE17 speaker Jim Hughes of  @PoweredbyEos  explores the convergence between solar & storage https://t.co/48P2m5cO…								
2 months ago 




								RT  @JakeRozmaryn : WOW.  @PoweredByEos  is now the 1st #energystorage co to sell DC #batteries for below $100/kWh #milestone #ESACon17 https:/…								
3 months ago 









Eos Energy Storage © 2017












Contact Eos
Sign up to receive Eos' monthly newsletter.






Send







  












Eos Energy Storage – Powering the Dawn of Energy Storage





































 
















 +1.212.628.7191


 info@eosenergystorage.com
















 






 






























 Calculate Your Aurora System Cost  Order Now 











Eos produces cost effective energy storage solutions that are not only less expensive than other battery technologies, but less expensive than the most economical alternative used today to provide the same services—gas turbines for peak power generation and transmission and distribution assets for delivery capacity.














Utility

Grid-scale energy storage will transform the way we produce, deliver, and consume electricity. With storage, utilities can rely on a cleaner, more efficient energy mix while reducing costs…

		Learn more 
		












Commercial & Industrial

In today’s high tech world, commercial and industrial facilities require better power quality and reliability and new means of managing ever increasing electricity costs. Eos’ battery technology…

		Learn more 
		












Renewables

Renewable energy accounts for an increasing portion of our electricity supply; however, the fastest growing of these resources only produce electricity when the wind is blowing or….

		Learn more 
		











Eos in the News 









		Eos Energy Storage and Northern Power Systems announce strategic partnership	


Business Wire / January 30, 2017



Eos Energy Storage (“Eos”) and Northern Power Systems Corp. (TSX:NPS announce a strategic partnership to develop and offer integrated energy storage systems (ESS) for utilities and commercial/industrial customers.




View Full Article









		Eos Energy Storage and Siemens Launch Industry-Leading Battery Storage Solutions	


Utility Dive / January 24, 2017 



 Eos Energy Storage (“Eos”) – pioneer of the safe, ultra-low cost Znyth® battery technology – today announced a partnership with Siemens to integrate, install and service energy storage solutions.




View Full Article









		Eos Energy Storage Assembles World-Class Advisory Board to Support Global Business Expansion	


Business Wire / December 6, 2016




Eos Energy Storage (“Eos”) – pioneer of the safe, ultra-low cost Znyth® battery – today announced a number of appointments to the company’s Advisory Board. The advisors will lend strategic guidance as Eos transitions to become a customer-facing product company and will help to expand commercialization of Eos’ innovative energy storage technology globally and in markets beyond utilities –including commercial, industrial, and military applications.




View Full Article

















NY Office 3 East 80th Street
New York, NY 10075
+1.212.628.7191 ph 
+1.212.628.7193 fax 
info@eosenergystorage.com


NJ Office 3920 Park Avenue
Edison, NJ 08820
+1.732.225.8400 ph
+1.732.225.8425 fax
info@eosenergystorage.com

Resources

Product Documentation
Careers

Eos on Twitter





								RT  @MWSolarExpo : Keynote #MWSE17 speaker Jim Hughes of  @PoweredbyEos  explores the convergence between solar & storage https://t.co/48P2m5cO…								
2 months ago 




								RT  @JakeRozmaryn : WOW.  @PoweredByEos  is now the 1st #energystorage co to sell DC #batteries for below $100/kWh #milestone #ESACon17 https:/…								
3 months ago 









Eos Energy Storage © 2017












Contact Eos
Sign up to receive Eos' monthly newsletter.






Send







  












Products – Eos Energy Storage





































 
















 +1.212.628.7191


 info@eosenergystorage.com
















 






 
















Products















Eos Aurora® | Grid-Scale Energy Storage





 









The Eos Aurora® 1000│4000 is a low-cost DC battery system designed specifically to meet the requirements of the grid-scale energy storage market. With 4 hours of discharge capability, immediate response time, and modular construction, the Aurora® system can be scaled and configured to reduce cost and maximize profitability in utility, commercial and industrial, and military market segments.

















Low Cost/kWh At $160/kWh (for volume purchases of 40MWh or more) and $200/kWh (for orders less than 40MWh) for the DC system, Eos is cost competitive with existing peak generation technologies





Extremely Long Lived Aurora® is projected to last 5,000 cycles for a 15-year calendar life





High Energy Density Each 250kW subsystem is 11 ft. high, 11 ft. wide, and 16 ft. long and Eos offers several layout options for a 1MW|4MWh footprint.





High Energy Efficiency With a round trip efficiency of 75% in full depth of discharge applications, Aurora® is one of the most efficient long-duration energy storage solutions





100% Safe Non-flammable aqueous electrolyte has no flashpoint; non-hazardous and non-corrosive when shipped













The Eos Aurora® 1000│4000 offers many competitive advantages including a 100% depth of discharge standard use-case and a wide temperature range to enable implementation without the use of HVAC.













				Introducing the Energy Stack			



















Outdoor-rated enclosure, ready for field installation




Modular plug-and-play construction for the lowest on-site assembly costs





Convection cooled for installation in an open, canopy or enclosed plant site




Includes Znyth batteries, outdoor-rated enclosure, internal wiring, and DC combiner box























				Applications			







Energy storage has value-added applications across the entire energy supply chain and is also the enabling technology for independent microgrids. Applications are bundled according to how the battery is used and, equally important, where it is located. Eos is working with its Genesis partners to evaluate and pursue applications where its Znyth® technology can create value and reduce cost to create a compelling business case and return on investment for the customer.







 Utility


 Commercial & Industrial


 Microgrid




 Home


 Military


 Renewables











				Eos Technology			











Znyth® | Zinc Hybrid Cathode Technology





 




Eos’ novel Znyth® (zinc hybrid cathode) battery technology employs inexpensive, widely available materials within a robust, scalable design to achieve long-life and extremely low-cost. After 10 years of development, Eos’ Znyth® technology is built on 21 patents and patent applications with over 600 claims covering cell configuration and architecture, cathode design and materials, electrolyte and electrolyte additives, battery management systems, and low-cost manufacturing processes. The result is a battery technology with unparalleled performance and market reach.
 
Some of Znyth’s® Key Advances Include:















Titanium current collector with proprietary ceramic coating is permanently conductive, non-corrosive, and self-healing




Aqueous, near neutral pH electrolyte is non-dendritic and does not absorb CO2, eliminating carbonate clogging issues




Proprietary electrolyte additives and buffering agents enhance zinc solubility and plating to improve energy density and run-time




Hybridization of cathode chemistries and electro-active catalysts improves power density and roundtrip efficiency




Highly standardized manufacturing processes such as metal stamping and injection molding to keep manufacturing costs low



















				Guiding Philosophy			



Eos’ objective is to develop a product that solves real business problems. To achieve this, Eos is developing energy storage solutions that address the fundamental requirements of the marketplace and compete economically with incumbent solutions used on the grid today. With these guiding principles in mind, Eos has developed and is now commercializing a revolutionary rechargeable zinc hybrid cathode battery technology we call Znyth®.













				Resources			








Product Brochure





Technical Data Sheet





Pricing options












				Watch This Space			








Eos to introduce residential and small C&I systems in late 2017















NY Office 3 East 80th Street
New York, NY 10075
+1.212.628.7191 ph 
+1.212.628.7193 fax 
info@eosenergystorage.com


NJ Office 3920 Park Avenue
Edison, NJ 08820
+1.732.225.8400 ph
+1.732.225.8425 fax
info@eosenergystorage.com

Resources

Product Documentation
Careers

Eos on Twitter





								RT  @MWSolarExpo : Keynote #MWSE17 speaker Jim Hughes of  @PoweredbyEos  explores the convergence between solar & storage https://t.co/48P2m5cO…								
2 months ago 




								RT  @JakeRozmaryn : WOW.  @PoweredByEos  is now the 1st #energystorage co to sell DC #batteries for below $100/kWh #milestone #ESACon17 https:/…								
3 months ago 









Eos Energy Storage © 2017












Contact Eos
Sign up to receive Eos' monthly newsletter.






Send







  












Partnerships – Eos Energy Storage





































 
















 +1.212.628.7191


 info@eosenergystorage.com
















 






 
















Partnerships












				Aegis: Partnering with Major System Integrators			










Eos has partnered with major system integrators, enabling customers to purchase turnkey, AC-integrated energy storage solutions from Eos’ Aegis Partners. Together, Eos and its Aegis Partners will work to provide comprehensive energy storage solutions with Eos’ Aurora® DC battery system at the lowest possible cost.
Eos is continually working to further build out its network of Aegis Partners. To express interest in partnership, please contact us at info@eosenergystorage.com.












				Genesis: Partnering with Industry Leaders			









81
Million Customers 







350
GW of Generation 







70
+ Countries 







1.8
 Million Miles of T&D 








Eos is working with the owners of the business problem to develop a real energy storage solution that maximizes value and reduces cost for both utilities and customers. Eos’ Genesis program entails in-depth collaboration with some of the world’s largest and most advanced utilities, with specific focus on business case evaluation, product development and optimization, and pilot demonstration of Eos’ innovative battery technology. Collectively, these Genesis partners represent over 350 gigawatts of generation, 1.8 million miles of transmission and distribution, and 76 million customers in over 70 countries—creating an unprecedented platform for introduction and ultimately wide-spread implementation of the product. Click on the icons below for more information on our Genesis partners and read more about the press release announcing our utility partnerships.




































NY Office 3 East 80th Street
New York, NY 10075
+1.212.628.7191 ph 
+1.212.628.7193 fax 
info@eosenergystorage.com


NJ Office 3920 Park Avenue
Edison, NJ 08820
+1.732.225.8400 ph
+1.732.225.8425 fax
info@eosenergystorage.com

Resources

Product Documentation
Careers

Eos on Twitter





								RT  @MWSolarExpo : Keynote #MWSE17 speaker Jim Hughes of  @PoweredbyEos  explores the convergence between solar & storage https://t.co/48P2m5cO…								
2 months ago 




								RT  @JakeRozmaryn : WOW.  @PoweredByEos  is now the 1st #energystorage co to sell DC #batteries for below $100/kWh #milestone #ESACon17 https:/…								
3 months ago 









Eos Energy Storage © 2017












Contact Eos
Sign up to receive Eos' monthly newsletter.






Send







  












Opportunity – Eos Energy Storage





































 
















 +1.212.628.7191


 info@eosenergystorage.com
















 






 
















Opportunity












				THE CHALLENGE			



The electric power industry suffers from one fundamental problem: without cost-effective storage, electricity supply must instantaneously match demand. The result is a costly and underutilized electricity grid. What if we could buffer demand spikes using storage and meet growing needs with the infrastructure we already have, mitigating the need for costly upgrades while decreasing environmental impact?











				THE SOLUTION			





  










				EOS UNLOCKS VALUE IN EXISTING GRID INFRASTRUCTURE			



Hover to see utilization with Eos Energy Storage



























  










				EOS PROVIDES CLEAN & EFFICIENT PEAKING CAPACITY			













  









PROBLEM: Inefficient Generation
Power plants used to meet peak demands are expensive, inefficient, and dirty. We can meet peak demand with excess energy produced by baseload generation and renewables during off peak hours.





SOLUTION: Eos Energy Storage
Utilities and customers can use Eos batteries to store excess efficient base-load generation and renewable energy produced off peak. By discharging during peak hours, Eos obviates the need for new dirty, inefficient peaking generation, and reduces carbon emissions.













  










				EOS ALLEVIATES TRANSMISSION & DISTRIBUTION CONGESTION			













  









PROBLEM: Infrastructure Congestion
The electricity grid, like our freeway system, experiences costly congestion in instances or locations such as dense large urban load centers where peak demand often exceeds transmission and distribution capacity.










SOLUTION: Eos Energy Storage
Strategically siting storage in congested locations alleviates strain on the transmission and distribution system, and mitigates the need for costly upgrades.













  










				EOS ENABLES RENEWABLES AS A FIRM POWER SOURCE			













  









PROBLEM: Intermittent Generation
Renewables such as wind and solar are intermittent, potentially introducing instability into the grid and limiting their viability as a firm, dispatchable power source. Additionally, peak production does not always coincide with peak consumption.










SOLUTION: Eos Energy Storage
Storage allows utilities and consumers to smooth production and time shift renewable energy. Solar electricity produced at noon can be stored and deployed as a stable power source at peak demand in the afternoon.













  










				EOS ENHANCES GRID RESILIENCY & RELIABILITY			













  









PROBLEM: Supply Chain Vulnerability
Failure at a critical node or along a major transmission or distribution line could have major impacts on downstream electricity supply, and can result in outages lasting from hours to weeks.





SOLUTION: Eos Energy Storage
Storage enables the operation of highly reliable microgrids. With distributed renewable generation and storage, local microgrids ensure a secure power source for the most critical loads.























NY Office 3 East 80th Street
New York, NY 10075
+1.212.628.7191 ph 
+1.212.628.7193 fax 
info@eosenergystorage.com


NJ Office 3920 Park Avenue
Edison, NJ 08820
+1.732.225.8400 ph
+1.732.225.8425 fax
info@eosenergystorage.com

Resources

Product Documentation
Careers

Eos on Twitter





								RT  @MWSolarExpo : Keynote #MWSE17 speaker Jim Hughes of  @PoweredbyEos  explores the convergence between solar & storage https://t.co/48P2m5cO…								
2 months ago 




								RT  @JakeRozmaryn : WOW.  @PoweredByEos  is now the 1st #energystorage co to sell DC #batteries for below $100/kWh #milestone #ESACon17 https:/…								
3 months ago 









Eos Energy Storage © 2017












Contact Eos
Sign up to receive Eos' monthly newsletter.






Send







  












Products – Eos Energy Storage





































 
















 +1.212.628.7191


 info@eosenergystorage.com
















 






 
















Products















Eos Aurora® | Grid-Scale Energy Storage





 









The Eos Aurora® 1000│4000 is a low-cost DC battery system designed specifically to meet the requirements of the grid-scale energy storage market. With 4 hours of discharge capability, immediate response time, and modular construction, the Aurora® system can be scaled and configured to reduce cost and maximize profitability in utility, commercial and industrial, and military market segments.

















Low Cost/kWh At $160/kWh (for volume purchases of 40MWh or more) and $200/kWh (for orders less than 40MWh) for the DC system, Eos is cost competitive with existing peak generation technologies





Extremely Long Lived Aurora® is projected to last 5,000 cycles for a 15-year calendar life





High Energy Density Each 250kW subsystem is 11 ft. high, 11 ft. wide, and 16 ft. long and Eos offers several layout options for a 1MW|4MWh footprint.





High Energy Efficiency With a round trip efficiency of 75% in full depth of discharge applications, Aurora® is one of the most efficient long-duration energy storage solutions





100% Safe Non-flammable aqueous electrolyte has no flashpoint; non-hazardous and non-corrosive when shipped













The Eos Aurora® 1000│4000 offers many competitive advantages including a 100% depth of discharge standard use-case and a wide temperature range to enable implementation without the use of HVAC.













				Introducing the Energy Stack			



















Outdoor-rated enclosure, ready for field installation




Modular plug-and-play construction for the lowest on-site assembly costs





Convection cooled for installation in an open, canopy or enclosed plant site




Includes Znyth batteries, outdoor-rated enclosure, internal wiring, and DC combiner box























				Applications			







Energy storage has value-added applications across the entire energy supply chain and is also the enabling technology for independent microgrids. Applications are bundled according to how the battery is used and, equally important, where it is located. Eos is working with its Genesis partners to evaluate and pursue applications where its Znyth® technology can create value and reduce cost to create a compelling business case and return on investment for the customer.







 Utility


 Commercial & Industrial


 Microgrid




 Home


 Military


 Renewables











				Eos Technology			











Znyth® | Zinc Hybrid Cathode Technology





 




Eos’ novel Znyth® (zinc hybrid cathode) battery technology employs inexpensive, widely available materials within a robust, scalable design to achieve long-life and extremely low-cost. After 10 years of development, Eos’ Znyth® technology is built on 21 patents and patent applications with over 600 claims covering cell configuration and architecture, cathode design and materials, electrolyte and electrolyte additives, battery management systems, and low-cost manufacturing processes. The result is a battery technology with unparalleled performance and market reach.
 
Some of Znyth’s® Key Advances Include:















Titanium current collector with proprietary ceramic coating is permanently conductive, non-corrosive, and self-healing




Aqueous, near neutral pH electrolyte is non-dendritic and does not absorb CO2, eliminating carbonate clogging issues




Proprietary electrolyte additives and buffering agents enhance zinc solubility and plating to improve energy density and run-time




Hybridization of cathode chemistries and electro-active catalysts improves power density and roundtrip efficiency




Highly standardized manufacturing processes such as metal stamping and injection molding to keep manufacturing costs low



















				Guiding Philosophy			



Eos’ objective is to develop a product that solves real business problems. To achieve this, Eos is developing energy storage solutions that address the fundamental requirements of the marketplace and compete economically with incumbent solutions used on the grid today. With these guiding principles in mind, Eos has developed and is now commercializing a revolutionary rechargeable zinc hybrid cathode battery technology we call Znyth®.













				Resources			








Product Brochure





Technical Data Sheet





Pricing options












				Watch This Space			








Eos to introduce residential and small C&I systems in late 2017















NY Office 3 East 80th Street
New York, NY 10075
+1.212.628.7191 ph 
+1.212.628.7193 fax 
info@eosenergystorage.com


NJ Office 3920 Park Avenue
Edison, NJ 08820
+1.732.225.8400 ph
+1.732.225.8425 fax
info@eosenergystorage.com

Resources

Product Documentation
Careers

Eos on Twitter





								RT  @MWSolarExpo : Keynote #MWSE17 speaker Jim Hughes of  @PoweredbyEos  explores the convergence between solar & storage https://t.co/48P2m5cO…								
2 months ago 




								RT  @JakeRozmaryn : WOW.  @PoweredByEos  is now the 1st #energystorage co to sell DC #batteries for below $100/kWh #milestone #ESACon17 https:/…								
3 months ago 









Eos Energy Storage © 2017












Contact Eos
Sign up to receive Eos' monthly newsletter.






Send







  












Eos Energy Storage Llc in Edison, NJ (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Eos Energy Storage Llc, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Eos Energy Storage Llc

Eos Energy Storage Llc imports from Neostar United(changzhou)industrial in China through the port of New York/newark Area, Newark, New Jersey        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Eos Energy Storage Llc and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 NINTENDO OF AMERICA INC.
 ADIDAS INDUSTRIAL
 INTEL TECHNOLOGY SDN BHD
 TRANSITYRE FRANCE S.A. MICHELIN EXP
 FRITO LAY DOMINICANA, S.A.         
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Eos Energy Storage Llc
Eos Energy Storage Llc imports from Neostar United(changzhou)industrial in China through the port of New York/newark Area, Newark, New Jersey


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



NEOSTAR UNITED(CHANGZHOU)INDUSTRIAL
CO.,LTD. NO.2 FUCHEN BUILDING, XINBEI DISTRICT,CHANGZHOU CITY, JIANGSU PROVINCE,CHINA


EOS ENERGY STORAGE
3920 PARK AVENUE, EDISON,NJ 08820 U.S.A.



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



NIPPON EXPRESS USA INC.
230-19INT L AIRPORT CENTER BLVD., SUITE 100,JAMAICA,NY 11413-4104 USA



TRIETHYLMETHYLAMMONIUM CHLORIDE
TRIETHYLMETHYLAMMONIUM CHLORIDE





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



APLU069975351


LVNU1624008
LVNU1624008


Product Description




TRIETHYLMETHYLAMMONIUM CHLORIDE
TRIETHYLMETHYLAMMONIUM CHLORIDE









Bill of LadingPPILS8059401Arrival Date2017-06-14Weight (LB)27,720Weight (KG)12,600UnitsXQuantity450 DRMContainer Count1CBM30Voyage No.57EPort of LoadingSHANGHAIPort of DischargeNEW YORK/NEWARK AREA, NEWARK, NEW JERSEYVessel NameCOSCO PHILIPPINESCarrier CodePPILCountry Of OriginChinaPlace Of ReceiptSHANGHAI, CHINA 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Eos Energy Storage Llc. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Eos Energy Storage Llc has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Eos Energy Storage Llc







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Eos Energy Storage Llc
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    White Toque Inc Tax Id.113094261                                



                                    Davis Entertainment Inc                                



                                    Fushishan Industrial Company Limite                                



                                    Cie Ciale Ribouleau (monosem)                                



                                    Travis County Brewing Co Dba                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.5160
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















