

	Integrated Technology and Services for the Legal Profession | Epiq 



Epiq












































Menu
Close








Even better together.
Learn more


You need data imported, taggedand ready to review, at scale.By yesterday.
Learn more


Restructuring experts driving top results at the lowest cost, so you can run your business.Without worry. 
Learn how


Facing a data breach?Get fast, accurate, expert breach response support.From start to finish.
Act now


7 questions you need to ask youreDiscovery vendor about security:Read the white paper.
Learn more








See How We Can Help












 








Project BasedeDiscovery





eDiscoveryManagedServices





DocumentReview




eDiscovery




Mass TortManagedServices




Regulatory




Class ActionAdministration





Print & CallCenterSolutions





CorporateRestructuring/Chapter 11





StrategicCommunications





Data BreachResponse





Trustees& FiduciariesChapter 7




Chapter 13




AACER®BankruptcyCase Search &Monitoring




BankruptcyAdministrationSolutions























Project Based eDiscovery
Epiq’s project-by-project eDiscovery services give you the confidence and agility to complete each job quickly and accurately, with flexibility.
Learn More


eDiscovery Managed Services
For a fixed monthly fee, you get a bespoke mix of people, processes, and technology that precisely fits your capacity and workflow requirements.
Learn More


Document Review
Document review is the most important aspect of eDiscovery—but also the most time consuming and costly, accounting for 60-85% of all eDiscovery costs.
Learn More


eDiscovery
You can rely on Epiq to meet your precise eDiscovery needs, from the simplest data collection to the most complex document reviews.
Learn More


Mass Tort Managed Services
Helping you maximize return on your marketing efforts with outreach and screening services.
Learn More


Regulatory
The world’s largest banks, midsize financial companies and mortgage servicers rely on Epiq to administer their regulatory settlements and voluntary remediation programs.
Learn More


Class Action Administration
Epiq brings clarity and confidence to the often-complex challenges of class action administration.
Learn More


Print & Call Center Solutions
Fortune 100 companies, major financial institutions and other business leaders rely on Epiq for superior printing, mailing, and contact center services.
Learn More


Corporate Restructuring/Chap 11
We provide the industry’s most comprehensive administrative services and consultation for your Chapter 11 and corporate restructuring matters.
Learn More


Strategic Communications
Our team delivers consistent, clear messaging to protect and reinforce your brand and human capital.
Learn More


Data Breach Response
We manage all aspects of the process under one roof, including data acquisition and research, forms, noticing and contact center setup and support.
Learn More


Trustees & Fiduciaries Chapter 7
Epiq’s highly experienced team along with our software create efficiency, cost-savings and speed throughout the entire case management process.
Learn More


Chapter 13
Epiq provides you with comprehensive, start-to-finish administrative support for all your bankruptcy matters, no matter how large or complex.
Learn More


AACER® Bankruptcy Case Search and Monitoring
AACER brings clarity to complexity.
Learn More


Project Based eDiscovery
eDiscovery Managed Services
Document Review
eDiscovery
Mass Tort Managed Services
Regulatory
Class Action Administration
Print & Call Center Solutions
Corporate Restructuring/Chapter 11
Strategic Communications
Data Breach Response
Trustees & Fiduciaries Chapter 7
Chapter 13
AACER® Bankruptcy Case Search and Monitoring


Show mind map





HOW WE HELP
Corporate Restructuring

900+ cases administered
2 Million+ claims processed
175K+ parties served monthly

View all cases




THE EPIQ DIFFERENCE
The Epiq difference

30 global locations
6 continents with satisfied customers
195+ supported languages
24/7/365 endpoint security monitoring

Learn more




UPCOMING EVENTS
Jul 23, 2017
Epiq Sponsors WTLC Brunch at AAJ

Jul 26, 2017 - Jul 27, 2017
ABA Cross-Border Conference

View more events






























	Office Locations | Epiq



Epiq












































Menu
Close




The Epiq difference
Our offices


Our offices span the globe—and so do our comprehensive solutions. Depend on complete worldwide support and local expertise for any matter, anywhere.









 North America

Chicago111 W. Washington St.
Suite 1331Chicago, IL 60604 Dallas1999 Bryan Street
8th FloorDallas, TX 75201 T +1 800 314 5550Kansas City501 Kansas AvenueKansas City, KS 66105 T +1 913 621 9500Kansas City17795 W. 106th Street
Suite 201Olathe, KS 66061 T +1 888 474 7370Los Angeles2029 Century Park East
Suite 1520Los Angeles, CA 90067 T +1 310 712 6200Miami150 SE 2nd Avenue
Suite 405Miami, FL 33131 T +1 305 902 2642New York4 New York Plaza
6th FloorNew York, NY 10004 T +1 646 356 1700New York777 Third Avenue
12th FloorNew York, NY 10017 T +1 212 225 9200Phoenix3255 E. Elwood Street
Suite 110Phoenix, AZ 85034 T +1 602 258 6469Portland10300 SW Allen Blvd.Beaverton, OR 97005 T +1 503 350 5800Toronto543 Richmond St. W.
Toronto, Ontario M5V 1Y6
Canada T +1 416 603 3003eDiscovery in Canada
Washington, D.C.1125 17th Street NW
6th FloorWashington, D.C. 20036 T +1 202 572 2173Wilmington824 North Market Street
Suite 412Wilmington, DE 19801 T +1 302 574 2600

 Europe

FrankfurtTaunusanlage 11
6th Floor
60329 Frankfurt am Main T +49 (0) 69 667786705Visit our German site at:
Deutsch - www.epiqsystems.de
E frankfurt@epiqsystems.com

eDiscovery in Germany
London11 Old Jewry
1st FloorLondon,  EC2R 8DU T +44 (0) 20 7367 9191Visit our United Kingdom site at:
www.epiqsystems.co.uk
Wrocław  (Operations Center)ul.Św. Elżbiety 4
Office Number 208
50-111 Wrocław
Poland ZurichEpiq Systems GmbH
Dreikoenigstr. 31A
CH-8002 Zurich
Switzerland T +41 (0) 44  208 35 35

 Asia

Hong Kong1102-1104 Central Plaza
18 Harbour RoadWanchai, Hong Kong  T +852 2110 7600Visit our Hong Kong site at:
English - www.epiqsystems.com.hk

eDiscovery in Hong Kong
Hyderabad  (Operations Center)(IndIris Data Services Pvt Ltd.)
7th floor, MSR block, Krishe Sapphire Building,
Survey No.88, Madhapur,
Hyderabad, Telangana – 500081  India T +91 040 6940 8000Pune  (Operations Center)(IndIris Data Services Pvt Ltd.)
B-305, Teerth Technospace,
Mumbai Bangalore Highway,
Next to B.U. Bhandari's
Mercedes Benz Show Room,
Baner, Pune, Maharashtra – 411045  India T +91 020 6900 0403Shanghai Level 12, Chong Hing Finance Centre,
288 Nanjing Road West,
Shanghai 200003, China T +86 21 613 37744Visit our Chinese site at:
汉语(中华人民共和国) - www.epiqsystems.cn

eDiscovery in ChinaTokyo11-5 Nibancho
5th Floor
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Japan 102-0084 T +81 (0)3 4511 3300Visit our Japan site at:
日本語 - www.epiqsystems.co.jp

eDiscovery in Japan


 





























	About Epiq | Epiq



Epiq












































Menu
Close








The Epiq difference
About Epiq






Discover the Epiq Difference
We are a worldwide provider of legal services and technology, serving law firms, corporations, financial institutions and government agencies—helping them manage the complex data and logistics of eDiscovery, bankruptcy and class action.
When you choose Epiq, you choose a strategic partner committed to easing your burden, navigating the complexity of your matter and achieving success. We deliver significant benefits that you can measure: lower internal and external costs, faster lead times on critical processes, more effective allocation of resources, productivity increases and effective case management—these are some of the benefits we help our clients realize every day.
You can choose from a comprehensive range of service solutions, all backed by deep expertise, global reach and exceptional client service.
Clarity. Efficiency. Confidence.
No matter how large, small or complex your project, success comes down to managing the details. This principle is only magnified under tight deadlines and unfamiliar challenges. In such situations, choosing the right partner is critical to success.
So why choose Epiq?
Deep, tenured expertise
We’ve been doing this for almost 30 years. We’re battle-tested, seasoned pros who have handled some of the world’s most high-profile cases. We know how to combine subject-matter expertise and front-line experience to deliver the solutions you need—fast.
Rigorous data security
Maintaining and accessing large volumes of critical data requires the highest level of security. We protect the privacy of your information 24/7/365 in our geographically diverse, Tier III and above-rated data centers, each equipped with the most advanced security architecture and protocols.
Data Security
Problem-solving technology
Our scalable, flexible technology is designed to help you quickly and efficiently turn huge amounts of data into manageable, actionable tools you can use to meet a variety of objectives.
Client focus
Whether taking on a client’s problem as our own, or being steadfast in meeting goals and delivering results, we deliver on our promises and communicate progress along the way. Our associates are empowered to make decisions in the best interests of our clients and their needs.
Seamless global performance
With offices and extensive local expertise across the globe, we’re everywhere you need us to be. Epiq offers truly seamless performance from location to location, no matter where in the world you seek our services. If you normally work with us in Chicago but suddenly need our services in Tokyo, you can count on receiving the same high-quality service there that you would back in the States, and vice versa.
Our Offices




VIDEO

The Epiq Difference. Take a look at why clients choose Epiq to solve their most complex and time-sensitive challenges.

Watch video




BROCHURE


How Epiq Helps



Corporations, law firms, financial institutions and government agencies choose Epiq with confidence to handle a wide range of legal challenges, including complex litigation, financial transactions, regulatory response, cross-border data transfer, and delivery of usable business intelligence on big data.
Read more







































	Investors - Corporate Overview | Epiq



Epiq












































Menu
Close






News



6/29/2017
Ministry of Justice Selects DTI for Transcription Services
LONDON  –   June 29, 2017 – DTI, a global legal process outsourcing (LPO) company providing eDisclosure, managed services, litigation support, and court reporting, announced today that it has been awarded multiple contracts for the provision of transcription services by the Ministry of Justice.



6/19/2017
Epiq Sponsors the 9th Annual Sedona Conference Programme on Cross-Border Discovery & Data Protection Laws in Ireland
LONDON – 19 June 2017 – Epiq, a leading global provider of integrated technology solutions and services for the legal profession, is pleased to announce its sponsorship of the 9th Annual Sedona Conference International Programme on Cross-Border Discovery and Data Protection Laws, taking place just outside of Dublin on 20–21 June.



Read More News
































	eDiscovery Solutions | Epiq 



Epiq












































Menu
Close








How we help
eDiscovery




What's the Epiq eDiscovery Solution? eDiscovery Your Way.
You can rely on Epiq to meet your precise eDiscovery needs, from the simplest data collection to the most complex document reviews. Choose from today’s most complete suite of powerful eDiscovery solutions and achieve unmatched clarity, speed and efficiency. We’re proud to count many Fortune 500 companies and AmLaw 100 firms as clients, along with hundreds of other leading corporations, law firms, financial institutions and organizations around the world.
Benefits of Epiq eDiscovery

Flexibility. We customize each eDiscovery solution to your needs, whether it’s project-based eDiscovery, a managed services partnership or document review services.
Seamless high performance all over the world.
Extensive industry experience, including:
	
Financial services and insurance
Pharmaceuticals and healthcare
Consumer-based companies with heavy litigation
Energy/oil and gas


Exceptional legal support and customer service team.
Rigorous security. Epiq maintains a multi-layered security program: We utilize leading commercial technology to provide defense against both external and internal attacks. Epiq maintains a full-time staﬀ of certiﬁed information security professionals to manage our security program. Regular audits and risk assessments are combined with an advanced intelligence network to assess potential security risks and Epiq’s ability to meet emerging threats. We operate SSAE 16 and ISO 27001 certiﬁed data centers around the world, all with hardened exteriors sitting on dual power grids, employing generator backup and 24/7/365 closed circuit and manned monitoring. Epiq employs the latest backup methodologies with a variety of disaster recovery options to meet a wide range of data recovery requirements. 

Epiq eDiscovery Services
eDiscovery Professional Services
Meet any eDiscovery challenge with our comprehensive eDiscovery solutions, from information governance and compliance to complex discovery management.
eDiscovery Forensics
Easily maintain defensible collections, evidence integrity and chain of custody records with Epiq’s forensics and collection services.
eDiscovery Processing
Process eDiscovery data quickly, accurately and securely with our leading eDiscovery platform, DMX™ (DocuMatrix)®.
eDiscovery Hosting
Powered by Epiq’s global data centers, we offer reliable secure and scalable hosting solutions.
eDiscovery Advanced Technologies and Predictive Coding
Save money, reduce time, mitigate risk, increase consistency and make the task of understanding data easier with predictive coding, email threading, near-duplicate identification, clustering, categorization and conceptual search.
Audio Evidence Services
Reviewing audio evidence can be cumbersome – but with the latest technology and expertise from Epiq, it doesn’t have to be: We utilize the most sophisticated audio technology to maximize speed and accuracy and reduce the cost and risk associated with voice recordings.
eDiscovery and Document Review Staffing
Whether you need a staff of five or 500, we can assemble and deploy top-quality legal teams at a moment’s notice anywhere in the world.
Managed eDiscovery Services
Managed services is the eDiscovery solution for your entire organization. For a fixed monthly fee, you get a bespoke mix of people, processes and technology that precisely fits your capacity and workflow requirements.
eDiscovery Tools
DMX® (DocuMatrix™) eDiscovery software
The leading processing-through-production eDiscovery platform that provides robust review and discovery management.
Relativity
Web-based eDiscovery platform for the review and management of electronically stored information and paper-based data.
Predictive Coding
Epiq supports a range of best-in-class advanced technologies for predictive coding.
ArqSM
Part of our eDiscovery managed services offering, Arq is your own eDiscovery hosting environment for a fixed monthly fee with no hardware or software investment.
Horizon
Horizon delivers eDiscovery managed services processing without the hardware or software investments.
Explore how we can help you reach your eDiscovery goals:



VIDEO

Benefits of eDiscovery Managed Services
Watch this video to see how Epiq eDiscovery managed services can work for you.
Watch video




INSIGHTS
Are you asking your eDiscovery vendor the right questions?
Read the white paper to learn more




NEWS
Epiq Wins ALM Innovation Award for eDiscovery Managed Services
Read more







Project-Based eDiscovery
Epiq’s project-by-project eDiscovery services give you the confidence and agility to complete each job quickly and accurately, with the flexibility of per-GB or per-custodian pricing options. We have you covered from start to finish, with service and technology spanning the full eDiscovery spectrum.




Managed eDiscovery Services
Managed eDiscovery services is a business partnership that allows leaders in corporations and law firms to have the security they need, the processes and workflows required, and the cost predictability and control that everyone wants. 




Document Review
Document review is the most important aspect of eDiscovery—but also the most time consuming and costly, accounting for 60-85% of all eDiscovery costs. Law firms and corporations turn to Epiq to help them efficiently manage the review process and reduce the time and cost spent on review and production. Our document review experts work closely with you to develop a strategy and mix of services that fit your exact needs, from staffing and technology-assisted review to fully-managed review (or anything in between).
 



Related Services
ProcessingPredictive Coding







CLIENT STORIES
Multiple countries, languages and laws: Epiq client successfully navigates international waters in Bribery Act investigation
See how we did it




DATA BREACH
On-time and accurate Data Breach Response
Learn More




UPCOMING EVENTS
Jul 23, 2017
Epiq Sponsors WTLC Brunch at AAJ

Jul 26, 2017 - Jul 27, 2017
ABA Cross-Border Conference

View more events






























	Events | Epiq




Epiq












































Menu
Close









Events





Jul 23, 2017
Epiq Sponsors WTLC Brunch at AAJ
 Read More
Jul 26, 2017 - Jul 27, 2017
ABA Cross-Border Conference
 Read More
Nov 17, 2017
Bucerius Center on the Legal Profession
 Read More
Dec 5, 2017
Managing Risk and Litigation – The Lawyer
 Read More
Jan 30, 2018 - Feb 1, 2018
LegalTech New York 2018
See you in 2018! Read More






News
Jun 29, 2017
Ministry of Justice Selects DTI for Transcription Services
      LONDON  –   June 29, 2017 – DTI, a global legal process outsourcing (LPO) company providing eDisclosure, managed services, litigation support, and court reporting, announced today that it has been awarded multiple contracts for the provision of transcription services by the Ministry of Justice.
Jun 19, 2017
Epiq Sponsors the 9th Annual Sedona Conference Programme on Cross-Border Discovery & Data Protection Laws in Ireland
LONDON – 19 June 2017 – Epiq, a leading global provider of integrated technology solutions and services for the legal profession, is pleased to announce its sponsorship of the 9th Annual Sedona Conference International Programme on Cross-Border Discovery and Data Protection Laws, taking place just outside of Dublin on 20–21 June.

View more news































	About Epiq | Leadership



Epiq












































Menu
Close









The Epiq difference
Leadership






Brad D. Scott
Co-President & Co-Chief Operating Officer
Full bio



Jill Bauer
Managing Director, Chapter 7 Solutions and Fiduciary Services
Full bio



Robert A. Hopen 
President, Settlement Administration
Full bio





Nicole Hamann
Senior Vice President, Client Services
Full bio



Terry Gaylord
Senior Vice President, Human Resources
Full bio



Adam Seskis
Chief Integration Officer
Full bio






































Product Manager at 1000 Epiq Systems, Inc. • Disabled Person































    Product Manager
      at 1000 Epiq Systems, Inc.
  

    Posted in Management 6 days ago.
  

      This job brought to you by eQuest


Type: Full-Time
Location: Kansas City, Kansas
  
Job Description:

It's fun to work at a company where people truly believe in what they are doing!Job Description:Essential Functions and Job Scope:
Own delivery of the product vision and roadmap in close alignment with the business strategic plan.
Develop and maintain strategic relationships with key stakeholders, market influencers & clients.  Identify unmet market needs and provide outside-in market perspective to drive strategic product direction in alignment with business strategy
Conduct market analysis and inform the business of what’s hot, provide competitive analysis and identify direct and adjacent business and market opportunities.
Assist with business case definition, justification and validation. 
Provide overall user experience (UX) vision & perspective (not limited to industry) and oversee UX/UI activities.
Provide clarity and guidance to project team on product vision, roadmap, features and objectives
Work closely with business and project team to prioritize requirements, while managing scope and executing product delivery.
Lead product release and launch activities, communications and adaptation.
Assist product development improvement of standards and practices in the establishment of a best in class business ‘productizaton’ or program, technology and service solutions.
Team with business stakeholders, project and product development resources on establishing and communicating priorities, managing conflict and taking a solution-focused approach to move the product forward. 

The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate experience facilitating conversations and creating deliverables with the mix of stakeholders from customers to technologists, while uncovering true needs, problems and effectively working with the team to execute technology based solutions. Qualifications and Skills:
Demonstrated product management experience bringing enterprise software products from vison, feature definition and value purpose to market or equivalent relevant experience.
2+ years’ experience functioning as a product manager for a software product or equivalent relevant experience.
Ability to effortlessly and actively communicate with clients, business and technical stakeholders and resources.
Ideal candidate will have delivered enterprise products securely, effectively and seamlessly operating in the ‘cloud’.
Ideal candidate will possess experience in the legal services industry.
Excellent collaboration, verbal and written communication, analytical and organizational skills.
Strong visual design sense and commitment to usability – UI/UX design collaboration.
Ability to effectively influence and drive multiple product development projects in a fast paced & dynamic environment under tight timelines.
Solid understanding of software development life cycle (SDLC) and Agile /Scrum development methodologies.
Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Business, Computer Science, Information Systems or a closely related technical field; MBA or other advanced degree a plus.

Leadership Competencies:
Client Focus- Engages with the clients, both internal and external, and their needs as a primary focus; builds a sustaining collaborative and productive relationship with clients; seeks to understand client situations, issues, expectations, etc.; takes appropriate action to meet client needs and address concerns; implements or utilizes methods to monitor and evaluate client feedback; appropriately meets client needs without jeopardizing business outcomes or results.
Results Oriented- Sets stretch goals for personal accomplishment and works tenaciously to achieve those goals; acts with a sense of urgency; takes the initiative on actions; establishes metrics to monitor progress and measure success; maintains focus by avoiding or overcoming roadblocks.
Integrity - Behaves in an honest, fair and ethical manner; shows consistency in words and actions; does what he/she commits to doing; respects the confidentiality of information or concerns shared by others; is honest and forthright with people; carries his/her fair share of the workload; takes responsibility for own mistakes.
Entrepreneurial Orientation - Proposes innovative business opportunities/ideas to customers and business partners; encourages and supports entrepreneurial behavior in others; demonstrates willingness to take calculated risks to achieve business goals.
Decisiveness - The ability to make well informed, effective, and timely decisions even when data is limited or solutions produce unpleasant consequences; perceives the impact and implications of decisions; ability to make tough decisions.

 If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!Epiq Systems, Inc. and its affiliated companies are Equal Opportunity Employers (EOE). Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, marital or veteran status or any other category protected under applicable federal, state or local law. In addition Epiq Systems will take affirmative action for minorities, women, covered veterans and individuals with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request. Epiq Systems is pleased to provide such assistance and no applicant will be penalized as a result of such a request.
 

 

Signup for an account
      or
      Login
      to get information on applying for a job.
  






















© 1999 -
2017
Disabled Person, Inc.
Privacy Policy
|
Contact Us







Account registration is free for both individuals and employers, and only takes a minute!





Account Login
Recently Added Jobs
Site Blog


About Us
Resources
Contact Us
Tips for Recruiting Employees with Disabilities
The Resume: How To
Our Pricing
Microsoft Imagine Academy
CSAVR/The NET
Our Collaboration Partners
Jobs for the Disabled
OFCCP Compliance Information
Disability and Discrimination by the EEOC
Vocational Rehabilitation Agencies
AT&T Company Information
Honeywell Inc. Company Information
Video Blogs
Kaiser Permanente











Want to be a sponsor?

Contact Us








EPIQ Systems, Inc. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / EPIQ Systems, Inc.


EPIQ Systems, Inc.

501 Kansas Avenue 
Kansas City KS 66105 United States
Phone: +1 913-___-____
Fax: +1 913-___-____
http://www.epiqsystems.com





89
Managers




121
IT employees




$24.8MEST.
IT Budget




EPIQ Systems provides integrated technology products and services for the legal profession. Clients include law firms, corporate legal departments, and bankruptcy trustees.{BR}{BR}EPIQ was acquired by OMERS Private Equity and Harvest Partners in September, 2016.  The company acquired Iris Data Services in 2015.
IT Priorities:
·         Continuing to virtualize servers as well as any new technologies the company implements
·         Implementing a BYOD policy
·         Addressing security concerns for mobility and cloud environments
·         Upgrading all outdated software and migrating applications
·         Addressing storage and disaster recovery solutions
IT… MoreIT Priorities:
·         Continuing to virtualize servers as well as any new technologies the company implements
·         Implementing a BYOD policy
·         Addressing security concerns for mobility and cloud environments
·         Upgrading all outdated software and migrating applications
·         Addressing storage and disaster recovery solutions
IT Structure:
·         The leadership of the internal IT department for EPIQ Systems is largely based in the corporate office in London, UK. However, the majority of global IT operations take place in the US corporate office in Kansas City, KS.
·         The network architecture group leads all global data centers. Teams within this area are responsible for storage engineering, and the corporate data center.
·         The database administration group is responsible for all database, storage, and backup systems. Teams within this area are responsible for Oracle database.
·         The Software Development team, which uses several tools, including Oracle and SAP basis, is majorly located at the headquarters. 





Sector (Industry)
Technology (Computer Software)


Employees
1300


Revenue
$544.2M


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2017-07-18
Staffing
Topic: Finance, Staffing
Company: EPIQ Systems, Inc., Kansas City, KS
Opportunity: Seeking a Senior Financial Analyst (MO, Kansas City, 64126).




2017-07-12
Staffing
Topic: Staffing, Help Desk
Company: EPIQ Systems, Inc., Kansas City, KS
Opportunity: Seeking an Application Support Analyst (London, ENG, SW1A).




2017-07-10
Staffing
Topic: Staffing, Software
Company: EPIQ Systems, Inc., Kansas City, KS
Opportunity: Seeking a Software Engineer (OR, Portland, 97228).







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Big Data/NoSQL
MongoDBSerengeti

Business Intelligence
DomoF5 Networks BIG-IPMicrosoft Power BIMicrosoft SSASMS SQL Reporting Services (SSRS)SAP Business ObjectsSAP Crystal ReportsSAP Sybase IQSRS ReportSmithSybase InfoMaker

Data Modeling/Mining
KibanaMicrosoft SSIS
Data Infrastructure

Cloud Systems
Microsoft AzureOracle Enterprise Manager

Desktop Virtualization
Citrix XenAppDameWareLogMeInVMware Horizon (Formerly known as VMware View)

Email Hosting
Microsoft (mail server)
Data Storage

Data Backup
Acronis SoftwareCommVaultCommVault SimpanaEMC NetworkerIBM Tivoli Backup and RecoveryOracle RMANSymantec Backup ExecSymantec Enterprise VaultVeeam Backup and Replication

Disaster Recovery
Veeam

Enterprise Storage
EMC Data DomainIBM Spectrum ProtectIBM Tivoli Storage ManagerOracle StorageTekOracle Virtual Compute ApplianceSun ZFS
Enterprise/ ERP

CRM
LexisNexis InterActionMicrosoft Dynamics CRMSalesForceSiebel CRMZendesk

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Microsoft DynamicsMicrosoft Dynamics NAVSAP ERPSAP R/3

Enterprise Systems Support
SAP Applications
Industry Software

Academic and Education Management Software

eDiscovery/Case Management
EquivioFTI TechnologykCura

Financial Trading
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search

Search Engine Optimization
dtSearchGoogle AdSense

Search Marketing
DoubleClickMedia6Degrees
Analytics

Business Intelligence
DomoMS SQL Reporting Services (SSRS)PythonSAP Crystal ReportsTableau

Marketing Data Management
Microsoft SQL ServerMongoDBMySQL

Social Analytics
PHP
Creative/ Content

Customer Experience Management
IBM WebSphere

Mobile Design
Telerik

Website Design
Adobe AcrobatAdobe Creative SuiteAdobe IllustratorAdobe InDesignAdobe PhotoshopAxure RPEktron CMSIBM FileNetKenticoLexisNexis
eCommerce

Online Retailing
EMC HardwareGoogle eCommerce Conversion TrackingRackSpaceVMWare
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Marketing Portfolio Management

Marketing Strategy

Mobile Application and Content Services
Apple iOSBlackBerry
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Joel Jackson
Lead Software Developer
___@epiqsystems.com
+1 913-___-____







Thomas Stazzone
Vice President, Information Technology
___@epiqsystems.com
+1 212-___-____






Andre Gibbs
Data Analyst
___@epiqsystems.com
+1 646-___-____







Angela Cullen
Senior Application Systems Engineer
___@epiqsystems.com
+1 913-___-____







Anton Paloka
Infrastructure System Administrator
___@epiqsystems.com
+1 212-___-____









James Hughes
Vice President, Product Development
___@epiqsystems.com
+1 913-___-____






Denny Adams
Manager, Product Development
___@epiqsystems.com
+1 913-___-____





This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing





	eDiscovery in Japan



Epiq












































Menu
Close









eDiscovery in Japan






Local eDiscovery Expertise, Global eDiscovery Reach
Your success is our goal. No matter the size, complexity or location of your eDiscovery project, Epiq is committed to supporting you with comprehensive legal support services in Japan to help you consistently achieve your eDiscovery objectives.
Deep Expertise in eDiscovery in Japan
Epiq has been working closely with global law firms and corporations to solve eDiscovery challenges in Asia since 2008, and in Japan since 2013. As a global leader in providing best quality legal technology products and services for electronic discovery and document review, we tailor our approach to your unique needs—no matter the location, size or complexity of your project.
We can recommend and implement the most effective eDiscovery strategies for your business while maintaining the highest global and local security and confidentiality standards. Our project managers coordinate with our global teams to provide seamless, reliable, around-the-clock client support.
eDiscovery Solutions in Japan
We are a truly local, full-service eDiscovery provider in Japan with native local leaders and staff fluent in Japanese who possess expertise in local cultural, professional and regulatory practices.
Operating in Asia since 2008 and in Japan since 2013, Epiq is a global leader in providing fully integrated technology products and services for electronic discovery and document review, and offers best-quality eDiscovery services anywhere in the world.
Epiq eDiscovery Services in Japan

Local expertise within the Japanese legal market
Industry-specific eDiscovery experience, within:
	
Electronics
Fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG)
Automobile
Energy (oil & gas)
Pharmaceuticals
Insurance
Financial services


Operations supported locally by English and Japanese speaking technical teams. Native Japanese-speaking, bilingual experts ensure that Japanese documents are properly rendered, displayed and searchable
Multilingual document reviews in Japan
In-house document review center in Tokyo
Secure ISO 27001-certified data center
Experience in providing support for cross-border arbitration, litigation and regulatory responses to various authorities, including:
	
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
U.S. Department of Justice
U.K. Financial Conduct Authority
Japan Fair Trade Commission
Japan Financial Services Agency
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan
Japanese Securities and Exchange Surveillance Commission



Epiq On-Site eDiscovery Solutions in Japan
On-site solutions ensure compliance with data security and privacy regulations and corporate security protocols, enabling you to process and review information on your own premises, behind your own firewalls. Epiq’s on-site solutions allow you to conduct investigations or meet other critical needs wherever and whenever the need arises, and our document review services help you scale and utilize your human resources efficiently.
Visit our Japan eDiscovery web site to learn more [in Japanese].




Epiq eDiscovery in Japan
Download a PDF to learn more about eDiscovery in Japan.
Download Now




Cross-Continent, Multilingual Review
Epiq successfully conducted a cross-continent, multilingual review for a UK Bribery Act investigation – more than doubling typical review speeds for Japanese-language document review in the U.S.
Read the case study




TAR Proven Effective
Epiq’s review team proved a savings of nearly $150K over traditional linear review in this Japanese-language products liability case.
Read the case study













































Product Manager at 1000 Epiq Systems, Inc. • JOFDAV
























This job listing has expired and the position may no longer be open for hire.






    Product Manager
      at 1000 Epiq Systems, Inc.
  

    Posted in Software 6 days ago.
  

      This job brought to you by eQuest


Type: Full-Time
Location: Beaverton, Oregon
  
Job Description:

It's fun to work at a company where people truly believe in what they are doing!Job Description:If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!Epiq Systems, Inc. and its affiliated companies are Equal Opportunity Employers (EOE). Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, marital or veteran status or any other category protected under applicable federal, state or local law. In addition Epiq Systems will take affirmative action for minorities, women, covered veterans and individuals with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request. Epiq Systems is pleased to provide such assistance and no applicant will be penalized as a result of such a request.
 

 

Signup for an account
      or
      Login
      to get information on applying for a job.
  





















© 1999 -
2017
Disabled Person, Inc.
Privacy Policy
|
Contact Us







Account registration is free for both individuals and employers, and only takes a minute!





Account Login
Recently Added Jobs
Site Blog


Contact Us
Disabled Veterans Resources
The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Amendments Act Of 2008
Our Pricing
Affirmative Action Checklist
Tips for Recruiting Employees with Disabilities
America Heros at Work
Microsoft Imagine Academy
About Us
Compliance Information
Our Collaboration Partners
Disability and Discrimination by the EEOC
Kaiser Permanente









Want to be a sponsor?

Contact Us












 













































Epiqsystems Inc. Reviews & Products | ITQlick.com

























































Epiqsystems Inc. - Software Vendor Review
Save time and money. Let our software experts find top Enterprise Integration recommendations for your business.




Last updated: May 14, 2017











Offer Changes






Epiqsystems Inc.

0 reviews
							




Epiq Systems is a leading global provider of technology-enabled solutions for electronic discovery, bankruptcy and class action administration. Top legal professionals depend on us for deep subject-matter exper
Compare Pricing


Categories: Virtual Data Rooms




















Expert Review
Software Products (1)
User Reviews (0)
Additional Information



Overview of Epiq virtual data roomsUpdated: May 14, 2017Epiq virtual data rooms OverviewEpiq offers the latest solutions for customizable virtual data room (VDRs). Clients benefit from a single, secure document repository site where multiple audiences can share and access sensitive data simultaneously. Accessible from any location, clients can get information in real time to efficiently manage their cases and meet deadlines. 
Epiq virtual data rooms Average RatingThis software product is not yet rated
Epiq virtual data rooms Typical CustomersStart up, Small business, Medium business, Large business
Epiq virtual data rooms AlternativesPopular Alternatives to Epiq virtual data rooms: Mule ESB, ActiveMatrix BusinessWorks, Collaborative Information Manager, Zenoss Service Dynamics, Application Platform, Adabas, ScaleXtreme Cloud, WebMethods, Amazon EC2 Cloud, CloudHu.
Epiq virtual data rooms Pricing InformationPricing info is not available




Epiqsystems Inc. - 1 software products




 1. Epiq virtual data rooms
Software by  Epiqsystems Inc., Updated: May 14, 2017

Epiq offers the latest solutions for customizable virtual data room (VDRs). Clients benefit from a single, secure document repository site where multiple audiences can share and access sensitive data simultaneously. Accessible from any
 Compare Pricing



 
Categories: Virtual Data Rooms. 
















													Company:
												

													Epiqsystems Inc.
												



													Address
												

													Century City, Los Angeles, CA
												



													Vendor Type:
												

													ISV
												



													Proficiency:
												

Software Development




													Employees:
												

													11-50
												



													Industry Focus:
												

													Information Technology and Services
												











Related Software Products




1









Learn more aboutEpiq virtual data rooms 






Epiq virtual
Enterprise Integrati

Compare Pricing











Compare Epiq virtual data rooms








with Mule ESB




Compare Mule ESB vs Epiq virtual data rooms










with ActiveMatrix Busines




Compare ActiveMatrix BusinessWorks vs Epiq virtual data rooms










with Collaborative Inform




Compare Collaborative Information Manager vs Epiq virtual data rooms










with Zenoss Service Dynam




Compare Zenoss Service Dynamics vs Epiq virtual data rooms










with Application Platform




Compare Application Platform vs Epiq virtual data rooms










with Adabas




Compare Adabas vs Epiq virtual data rooms










with ScaleXtreme Cloud




Compare ScaleXtreme Cloud vs Epiq virtual data rooms


Articles from ITQlick Blog







Top CRM Software for SMBs
	






Best BI Software for Large Businesses
	






Top 5 Accounting & Finance Software for Startups
	






Best ERP Software for Large Businesses
	






Top 5 HR Software for SMBs
	






Top 5 Inventory Management Software for SMBs
	






Top 5 Supply Chain Software for SMBs
	






Best 5 Maintenance Software for SMBs
	






Best 5 Distribution Software for SMBs
	






Top 5 Retail /POS Software for SMBs
	






Top 5 Sales & Marketing Automation Software for SMBs
	






Top 5 Field Service Software for SMBs
	






Best 5 Project Management Software for SMBs
	












Questions about Epiqsystems Inc.? Our experts can help. Compare Pricing
























































Kansas Works Jobs - Product Manager in Kansas City, Kansas, United States













































            
                
                    Kansas Works Jobs
                
            
        














Where

city, state, country


What

job title, keywords











Home

            View All Jobs
            
(16,856)












1000 Epiq Systems, Inc.


Product Manager in
            
Kansas City, Kansas








This job was posted by https://www.kansasworks.com : For more information, please see: https://www.kansasworks.com/ada/r/jobs/10420125  
 It's fun to work at a company where people truly believe in what they are doing! 
 
 
 Job Description: 
 Essential Functions and Job Scope: 
 
 
 
 + Own delivery of the product vision and roadmap in close alignment with the business strategic plan. 
 + Develop and maintain strategic relationships with key stakeholders, market influencers & clients.  Identify unmet market needs and provide outside-in market perspective to drive strategic product direction in alignment with business strategy 
 + Conduct market analysis and inform the business of what?s hot, provide competitive analysis and identify direct and adjacent business and market opportunities. 
 + Assist with business case definition, justification and validation.  
 + Provide overall user experience (UX) vision & perspective (not limited to industry) and oversee UX/UI activities. 
 + Provide clarity and guidance to project team on product vision, roadmap, features and objectives 
 + Work closely with business and project team to prioritize requirements, while managing scope and executing product delivery. 
 + Lead product release and launch activities, communications and adaptation. 
 + Assist product development improvement of standards and practices in the establishment of a best in class business ?productizaton? or program, technology and service solutions. 
 + Team with business stakeholders, project and product development resources on establishing and communicating priorities, managing conflict and taking a solution-focused approach to move the product forward.  
 
 
 
 The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate experience facilitating conversations and creating deliverables with the mix of stakeholders from customers to technologists, while uncovering true needs, problems and effectively working with the team to execute technology based solutions. 
  Qualifications and Skills: 
 
 
 
 + Demonstrated product management experience bringing enterprise software products from vison, feature definition and value purpose to market or equivalent relevant experience. 
 + 2+ years? experience functioning as a product manager for a software product or equivalent relevant experience. 
 + Ability to effortlessly and actively communicate with clients, business and technical stakeholders and resources. 
 + Ideal candidate will have delivered enterprise products securely, effectively and seamlessly operating in the ?cloud?. 
 + Ideal candidate will possess experience in the legal services industry. 
 + Excellent collaboration, verbal and written communication, analytical and organizational skills. 
 + Strong visual design sense and commitment to usability ? UI/UX design collaboration. 
 + Ability to effectively influence and drive multiple product development projects in a fast paced & dynamic environment under tight timelines. 
 + Solid understanding of software development life cycle (SDLC) and Agile /Scrum development methodologies. 
 + Bachelor?s degree, preferably in Business, Computer Science, Information Systems or a closely related technical field; MBA or other advanced degree a plus. 
 
 
 
 Leadership Competencies: 
 
 
 
 + Client Focus- Engages with the clients, both internal and external, and their needs as a primary focus; builds a sustaining collaborative and productive relationship with clients; seeks to understand client situations, issues, expectations, etc.; takes appropriate action to meet client needs and address concerns; implements or utilizes methods to monitor and evaluate client feedback; appropriately meets client needs  ithout jeopardizing business outcomes or results. 
 + Results Oriented- Sets stretch goals for personal accomplishment and works tenaciously to achieve those goals; acts with a sense of urgency; takes the initiative on actions; establishes metrics to monitor progress and measure success; maintains focus by avoiding or overcoming roadblocks. 
 + Integrity - Behaves in an honest, fair and ethical manner; shows consistency in words and actions; does what he/she commits to doing; respects the confidentiality of information or concerns shared by others; is honest and forthright with people; carries his/her fair share of the workload; takes responsibility for own mistakes. 
 + Entrepreneurial Orientation - Proposes innovative business opportunities/ideas to customers and business partners; encourages and supports entrepreneurial behavior in others; demonstrates willingness to take calculated risks to achieve business goals. 
 + Decisiveness - The ability to make well informed, effective, and timely decisions even when data is limited or solutions produce unpleasant consequences; perceives the impact and implications of decisions; ability to make tough decisions. 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Epiq Systems, Inc. and its affiliated companies ar









Apply Now





Apply Now


Share















Current Search Criteria




              Product Manager
            



              Kansas City
            



              Kansas
            

Clear All








Kansas Careers


Career Sites


















About DirectEmployer...
Become a Member
Kansas.jobs
Member Directory









Featured Jobs








Kansas Works Veterans Jobs

Kansas Works Jobs












EOE | Privacy | Browser Help | Protect Yourself


















Epiq Systems, Inc.                                                                                                       - Miami                                             , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Miami



Custom Computer Programming Services



Computer Software Development And Applications



                            Epiq Systems, Inc.
                                    



 





















E 


Epiq Systems, Inc.                                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1441 BRICKELL AVE # 1018 MIAMI, FL 33131
Get Directions



(786) 709-2200
www.epiqsystems.com                                                                                     





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 10
 Industries Computer Software Development And Applications
 Contacts Hernan Angel                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Additional information is available at www.epiqsystems.com                                                                                      or by contacting Hernan Angel                                                                                                             at (786) 709-2200. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







E

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.















Company Search Results



























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States









































Search Results for “EPIQ.O”


News
companies
Videos
Pictures






No search results match the term "EPIQ.O"
Some Suggestions:

- Make sure all words are spelled correctly.
- Try different words that mean the same thing.
- Enter fewer words.

























