

Epoxy : Kleer Koat Table Top Epoxy









Kleer
            Koat Table Top Epoxy & Bartop
            Epoxy




Ph.
            561-588-1001















Resins


Polyester
            Resins


Epoxy
            Resins


Polyester
            Gelcoats


Colored
            Pigments


Polyester
            Products



Ortho
            Isophthalic
            Vinyl Ester


Laminating Epoxy
            Klear Cote
            West System


White
            Tooling Gelcoat
            Clear


Translucent
            Solid Colors


Duratec
            Glazing Putties
            Primers



Liquid
            Urethane Expanding Foam
Pourable Foam
            in 2LB, 4LB, 8LB and 16LB densities.







EPOXY Kleer
            Koat #30 Table & Bartop
            Epoxy





- U.S. Composites Kleer Kote Table
            Top Epoxy -
Clear epoxy coating
            for table tops, bar tops, counter tops and artistic
            applications. Our product is used extensively by many
            contractors, commercial restaurant chains throughout the
            world and also by many do-it-yourselfers. For countless
            first hand reviews of our product, just
            visit Google:
            Kleer Kote.















Step
                              by Step Kleer Kote Application
                              Guide





Requires
                              Acrobat PDF Reader



















Step
            by Step Kleer Kote Application Guide







Overview:
               This product is a 100% solid, two component, clear
               polymer coating that is mixed at a 1 to 1 ratio by
               volume. Each kit contains a bottle of resin and a
               bottle of hardener. The product cures to a clear, high
               build, glass like finish that resists scratching,
               yellowing and will not distort with age. Items coated
               with it will become permanently preserved and
               protected for your enjoyment throughout a lifetime.
               This product will not exhibit blushing or sweat out
               under high humidity conditions.
Primary
               use:
               This product is commonly seen on bar tops and table
               tops in many bars and restaurants.
Application:
               The product should be applied in two stages. The first
               stage is referred to as the seal coat. The seal coat
               is brushed on in a thin layer and is used to seal any
               pores in the surface and prevent air bubbles from
               forming in the following flood coats. This stage is
               followed by the flood coat, which will flow and self
               level, clean brushes or squeeges can be used to help
               spread the epoxy. Flood coats are applied in 1/8"
               layers at a time, as many as desired can be applied,
               however one to three coats is average for most table
               or bar coatings.
Recoating/Between
               Layers:
Recoating can usually be be done within 4 to 8
               hours. If re-coated within this time period no sanding
               is necessary between layers.
               If your previous layer has fully dried, very light
               sanding with 220 grit sandpaper is recommended to
               achieve a good bonding surface. After sanding you
               should wipe down with a solvent such as denatured
               alcohol or acetone to remove any impurities from the
               surface. (do NOT use mineral spirits)
Imbedding
               Pictures:
               Objects, such as pictures, maps etc. can be imbedded
               in this product during the pours. Most photo quality
               paper does not require any special preparation however
               sometimes thin paper objects must first be sealed with
               a white glue or similar product to prevent the kleer
               koat from fully penetrating the paper and causing it
               to become transparent.
Imbedding Solid
               Objects (wood, rocks, shells, etc.)
               All porous materials should first have a seal coat of
               epoxy applied. This will prevent air bubbles from
               occurring in subsequent flood coats. Usually the
               objects can be set in place before
               sealing.
Working
               Conditions:
For best results the
               product must be used at temperatures from 70-80
               degrees F. The room which you are working should be
               clean, dry, dust and insect free. Settling dust can
               often cause blemishes on the glassy
               surface.
Exterior
               Applications:
Please not that although this product will resist
               yellowing better than other epoxies it is NOT 100% UV
               resistant. Continuous outdoor UV exposure over
               months or years will cause the finish to lose its
               gloss, cause gradual changes in color and possibly
               warp.
Storage
               Conditions:
Liquids should be stored
               in a cool, dry, dark environment. Product will last
               for at least 6 months and many times will last longer,
               but small testing should be done if in doubt. The
               hardener may get more amber in color as it gets older,
               but this does not affect the use of the product.


Coverage:
               See the coverage charts shown below to calculate the
               amount you will need for your area. Remember not to
               combine seal and flood coat coverage's. Flood coats
               are designed to go on approximately 1/8" thick, which
               is about three times thicker than that of a seal
               coat.

Example: A
            6ft x 4ft bare wood table (24sq ft) would require 2
            Quarts to complete ONE seal coat and about a gallon and a
            half to complete ONE flood coat for a total of Two
            Gallons.




Beginners
                     Notes:
                     This material leaves professional results when
                     applied correctly so take your time and make
                     sure to beware of these of the common problems
                     we have seen encountered by first time
                     users.

1. Always make sure that your mixing
                     container is clean and your measuring device is
                     accurate, this product REQUIRES that you mix at
                     a 1 to 1 ratio by weight or volume, any
                     variances from this can cause the epoxy to stay
                     soft and not fully cure.
2. This product requires a THOROUGH
                     mixing, usually between 4 to 5 minutes of solid
                     mixing without excessive whipping of the
                     mixture(whipping will put lots of air bubbles
                     into the epoxy). Mixing one gallon at a time can
                     require up to 6 to 7 minutes of mixing.
                     Beginners should never attempt to mix more than
                     one gallon total per batch, 2 quarts per batch
                     is suggested until you feel comfortable with how
                     the product works.
3. After the two components are poured
                     together and stirring begins the mixture will
                     turn a cloudy white color, this represents areas
                     in which the epoxy has not fully combined. You
                     must continue to mix until all signs of
                     cloudiness and tiny white lines have completely
                     disappeared (usually takes 3-4 minutes of
                     thorough mixing).
4. Always scrape the sides of your mixing
                     container and also the stick during those 3-4
                     minutes. If UNMIXED epoxy remains on the side of
                     the container or the stick it will cause wet
                     spots on your finished product if that UNMIXED
                     material falls into your project......Followup:
                     While pouring your epoxy onto the surface NEVER
                     scrape the container to remove every last drop,
                     because no matter how thorough you mix there
                     will always be an unmixed drop on the side of
                     the container that will leave a wet
                     spot.








Recommendation
                     of Materials Needed For Application
(Link is attached to the materials if we
                     carry the product)







Safety
                     Gloves
                     - Epoxy can be very sticky







Graduated
                     Mixing Cups
                     - An accurate measurement is extremely important
                     to achieve optimum curing.







CLEAN
                     Stir Sticks
                     - Any dirt will end up showing on your product.
                     Mixing is very important, if you whip while
                     mixing you will end up with air bubbles, long
                     thorough stirs are required.







Applicators
                     - Rubber squeeges are simple to use and leave no
                     air bubbles. Foam brushes and nylon bristle
                     brushes are preferred with epoxy, make sure
                     there are no loose hairs.







Hair Drier,
                     Heat Gun or Torch - These are used after the
                     pour is completed and the epoxy is still liquid.
                     A very smooth stroke across about 6-12 inches
                     above the epoxy surface will burst remaining air
                     bubbles.








******************
                     Cold Weather
                     Warning ***************




If your epoxy
                     arrives cold during shipment is must be allowed
                     to acclimate to at least 75 degrees F before
                     using. Mixing this product below 75 degrees will
                     increase the potential for under-mixed epoxy
                     which will create wet or sticky areas on your
                     surface. Cold temperatures will also trap more
                     very tiny air bubbles during the mixing which
                     cannot always be removed with the torch/heat
                     gun. To warm the epoxy quickly we recommend
                     using either a heat lamp, an electric heater or
                     placing the closed bottles of epoxy in a tub of
                     warm water for 30 minutes. Getting the epoxy too
                     hot will result in a faster reaction time, so
                     pay careful attention to what you're
                     doing.




******************
                     Cold Weather
                     Warning ***************





Order
            Online or by Phone:
            561-588-1001









#30 Kleer Kote
            Epoxy
Our kleer kote
            product can be used in any of the above mentioned
            applications
            to achieve a super hard clear finish with great
            depth.


            
            Available in 2 Part Kits
            Mixing Ratio By Volume: 1:1
            


Cat
                     No.


Total
                     Kit Size
(Combined
                     volume of both parts)


Price
                     Per Kit


Coverage
                     for a Seal Coat


Coverage
                     for a Flood Coat
Approx 1/8"
                     Thickness




EPOX-KK064


2
                     Quarts


$23.00


24 Sq.
                     Ft.


8 Sq.
                     Ft.




EPOX-KK128


1
                     Gallon


$39.50


48 Sq
                     Ft.


16 Sq.
                     Ft.




EPOX-KK256


2
                     Gallons


$67.00


96 Sq
                     Ft.


32 Sq.
                     Ft.




EPOX-KK512


4
                     Gallons


$118.00


192 Sq
                     Ft.


64 Sq.
                     Ft.




EPOX-KK616


16
                     Gallons


$436.00


768 Sq
                     Ft.


256 Sq.
                     Ft.







Calculate the
                     seal coat and flood coat separately and then add
                     the quantities together to determine total
                     amount for purchase.




(For more information
            on how seal coats and flood coats are applied see our
            Application
            Guide)








      













© 2000-2013 U.S.
   Composites, Inc.
info@uscomposites.com






Warren Environmental Epoxy Coatings










































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















































      The Right Product for the Right Job Since 1980










  [Contact Us]







 Epoxy Systems, Inc.
Doing Business As: Epoxy.com

Epoxy.com is a division of Epoxy Systems, Inc. a Vermont Corporation, also 
located in Florida.
Our Mission
To provide very high quality resin systems, back by 
detailed technical support assisted by decades of field test experience.

How We Do That
We accomplish this by using the widest range of the latest and best 
technologies and materials.  We then combine these technologies to yield 
hundreds of high quality products (and hybrid systems) at affordable competitive 
cost.  Most of our formulations are Low VOC or Zero (0) VOC. This diversified portfolio of products allow us to provide the "Right 
Product for the Right Job". Of course we then back these products with highly 
experienced technical support. Our customers tell us that our products and tech 
support are the best in the industry.  
A Little History
Beginning as a installation company founded in 1980 
(37 years ago), Epoxy Systems, Inc. was incorporated in 
1984 (33 years ago). This prepared us to start 
creating 
and selling resin systems in 1987 (29 years go). 
We started serving our customers and the public with information on the web in
1994 (22 years ago).
A Summary of Our Products

Seamless Epoxy Chip Flooring Systems
Seamless Epoxy Quartz Flooring Systems
Seamless Chemical Containment Systems 
Seamless Industrial Flooring Systems
Patching Systems
Waterproofing
Joint Systems - Epoxy, Polyurethane, and 
	Polysulfide
High Temperature Systems - up to 450°F
Concrete Repair and Restoration Systems
Seamless Conductive and Electrostatic Dissipative 
	Flooring Systems
Concrete and Steel Coatings 
Primers and Concrete Sealers 
Injection Resin Systems 
MMAs - Methyl Methacrylates Patching and Crack Sealing Systems
Fast Setting Wood Fillers 

Products by Type

Epoxies -Flexible to High Strength and Very Low Viscosity to Gels
Polyurethanes - Coating and Joint Systems
Polysulfide Joint Sealants
Vinyl Esters 
Polyesters 
	- Wood Fillers and High Temperature Fillers
MMAs (Methyl Methacrylates) - Patching and Crack Healing and Sealing
Installation tools
and more!

Finding the exact product that you need, in our over 300  
products may be a bit difficult.  So, if you need help please 
contact us.  
We look forward to your comments, suggestions, criticisms, and questions. 
 



Epoxy.com Home Page








Epoxy.com Product Catolog





Coatings





Chemical Resistance





High Temperature





Primers and Sealers





Chip Flooring





Elastomeric





Important Links





Epoxy Calculators













Water Based Coatings





Solvented Coating





Polyurea Coatings





Coatings 100%





Fast Setting





Low Temperature





Epoxy.com Chemical Resistant Epoxy Coatings - General Purpose





Novolac Coatings





High Temperature





High Temp Chemical Resistant





Conductive





Coal Tar Epoxy





Polyurethane Coatings





Coating Install Guide





Epoxy Coating Calculator





Rebar Coating





Tank Coating





Mastic High Build













#222 Water Based













Product #1





Product #1W













Chemicial Resistant Coating





Chemicial Resistant Wall Grade













Flexible Novolac Coating





Novolac Coating





#637 Chemical Resistant Primer













#634 High Temp High Chemical Resistance





#636 High Temp High Chemical Resistance













Highly Chemical Resistant Conductive













Coal Tar Epoxy 100% solids





Coal Tar Epoxy Solvented













Zinc Rich Primer













Tile Grout





Coatings














Proper mixing and installation is critical to the optimal success of all product.  
    See 
    Installation Tips,
Techdata, &
MSDS for more details on our products.  
    Be sure to contact us with any questions and/or concerns that you have.
For more information please contact: 
 Epoxy.com 

    A Division of Epoxy Systems, Inc
20774 W. Pennsylvania Ave.
    Dunnellon, Florida 34431
Hundreds of Systems,
    Since 1980 - 35 years
    Florida & Vermont
    USA

    Customer and Technical Support Hours: 9AM-4PM Eastern Time (6AM-1PM Pacific 
    Time). 
    Closed 12 Noon-1PM Eastern Time for Lunch
321-206-1833  Customer Service - Ordering and Order Status
                             Katey Fontaine, VP - Customer Service Director
                             sales@epoxy.com
                        
    Technical Support
    352-533-2167  Norm Lambert, President - Technical Support Director  
                        
info@epoxy.com 
352-489-1666  Accounting and Administration
                             Debby Lambert, CEO, and CFO
                             office@epoxy.com 
352-489-1625   Fax line to all Departments

Get 
important hint, tips, tricks, and product information:  Visit our Blog, and join us on Facebook and Twitter.



Copyright © 1994-2017 - Epoxy Systems Inc. DBA Epoxy.com  - Commercial, Industrial, and Residential Resins Since 1980 

 
Home
Sales Terms
 
MSDS &Tech Data

Product Catalog
Tech Data (TDS) in Acrobat Format
Safety Data Sheets (MSDS/SDS) 
Online Ordering Authorization Form

Add this page to Favorites

 /
 


Secure 
Login




 








Water-Based Commercial DIY Garage Floor Epoxy Paint 









EPOXY FLOOR PAINT






WATER BOND (tm)
WATER BASED FLOOR EPOXY PAGE












 



apply epoxy floor paint with roller

 
 
Water based epoxies are used on concrete floors as a sealer, a primer, and optionally as the complete floor coating
itself. 

 
 
Water-Based Commercial DIY Garage Floor Epoxy 
Paint
Water Bond Professional water based garage epoxy floor paint Learn more
 






Your Host and Tour Guide:
Paul Oman, MS, MBA - Progressive Epoxy Polymers,
Inc. 
floor epoxies,
marine epoxies, underwater epoxies, repair epoxies)
Member: NACE (National Assoc. of
Corrosion Engineers), SSPC (Soc. of Protective Coatings)
"Professionals helping Professionals"

PROGRESSIVE EPOXY 
POLYMERS, INC.





PAGE AND SITE 
			NAVIGATION











 

Epoxy Floor Links Page ====> This 'Linked
To' Epoxy Floor Sub-Page




DIY/INDUST
NAVIGATION
BAR


Main
			Home Page ====>*


Res/Ind
			Home Page ====>*


Res/Ind
			Catalog Contents Page ====>*


Res/Ind
			Online Catalog Page ====>*


Contact
			Page /Link to Storefront/Ordering
*


This is a Product Page
(purple background)


HELP Page




Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc.


..


..


..


..


..


.YOU ARE HERE.


MSDS /DATE



FYI: catalog pages are blue (marine) or yellow (home/indust), info pages are green,
product pages are purple, core pages are gray


 No Sales Tax applied. Save Money, you're shopping
in Tax Free New Hampshire









NOTICE: Legal notices, Terms of Service, warranty information, disclaimers, health warnings,
			etc. are required reading before using website, ordering and/or using Products. Any such use and/or ordering, online
			or by telephone, shall constitute acceptance and knowledge of all such terms.

CLICK HERE (www.epoxyproducts.com/legal.html) to access these terms.




MEMBER:  
Internet Epoxy Confederation (IEC - 
CLICK HERE TO VISIT) -- "Where Professionalism Still Matters"



We've been selling epoxy - marine epoxy (boat building - wood / fiberglass 
repair) industrial coatings - garage paint -

underwater epoxies - thick
putties - tabletop resins and supplies since the early 1990's




Epoxy Floor Section in our online catalog - CLICK HERE











											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 

#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches

#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches

#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											



											company video




											Contact Page






 





keywords=best epoxy floor paint

 





Water Bond™ is both a floor coating epoxy and/or an epoxy-based concrete
primer




We have tested and evaluated water based epoxies before and were not impressed enough to add them to our product
line until Water Bond came along. We consider this epoxy to be a superior water based epoxy and one that should
seriously consider if you are in the market for a water based epoxy.

Water based epoxies are used on concrete floors as a sealer, a primer, and optionally as the complete floor coating
itself. 


Comparisons

Like most 100% solids floor epoxies, water based Water Bond™ epoxy is almost odorless (no worse than latex wall
paint) and offers good chemical and abrasion resistance. Both offer good adhesion. The Water Bond™ finish will
be much thinner than even a single coat of the 100% solids epoxy. Water Bond™ is also non-hazmat to ship while
nearly all 100% solids floor epoxies are not. Is is less affected by UV yellowing than the other epoxies (although
it only comes in medium gray vs. a wider selection of colors with the other epoxies).

Being water based, Water Bond™ will soak into porous surfaces such as concrete, before it cures, thus resulting
in a bond that is probably stronger than the ‘surface only' bond achieved with 100% solids epoxies. This is why
it makes an excellent primer under 100% solids epoxies (or apply a second coat and use the Water Bond™ as the finished
surface coating as well).

It also works as a sealer/primer over surface degreased concrete helping. Some contractors will ‘surface seal'
areas of freshly degreased concrete with a water based epoxy primer to ‘lock in' any remaining grease or oils that
still might be present from migrating back to the surface and causing adhesion problems. Right or wrong, this sounds
like a smart extra step to take considering the huge downside that results when a floor coating fails do to adhesion
problems. 

Water Bond™ offers the widest range of anti-slip and/or decorative treatments. For starters, one coat (sometimes
two coats) is generally thin enough to let the original (anti-slip) texture of the concrete to remain. Water Bond™
is also thin enough to allow the use of our very fine ‘Sugar Sand' anti-slip additive (note: in thicker coatings
the sugar sand disappears into the coating) which gives a sandpaper like finish. However, the coating is also thick
enough to permit the use of our much larger walnut shell anti-slip additive.

It will also accept the broadcast of colored sands and/or ‘vinyl chips' on to its surface.

Unlike the water based floor epoxies sold in hardware stores, Water
Bond™ is slightly 'breathable' letting vapor pressure from below pass through rather than 'lift' the epoxy. Also,
Water Bond™ has no 'induction time' (required waiting time between mixing and application). Induction time is generally
a sign of a 'low end' epoxy. Also, if the induction time varies from batch to batch, the final gloss mould vary
from batch to batch.
 







We really appreciate 
you visiting PROGRESSIVE EPOXY POLYMERS, INC. and our web site: 
EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM.  Take advantage of the CONTACT links on this page to ask 
questions about our products and/or your projects. You can stay in touch with us 
via our NEWSLETTER (link on our
contact page) which is 
emailed  every 6-8 weeks.


This 
current page is all about:
EPOXY FLOOR PAINT
Water-Based Commercial DIY Garage Floor Epoxy 
Paint
Water Bond Professional water based garage epoxy floor paint Learn more


Recommended for home use - less likely to have problems compared
to 'regular' solvent free epoxy that rely completely on surface only bonding. Most forgiving floor epoxy in terms
of surface preparation.

As with all water based coatings - best used in low humidity/dry
conditions - as the water in the product has to evaporate away. Wet, humid conditions can prevent this, leaving
'yellowly' water droplets or puddles on the surface of the epoxy. Blowers/fans blowing over the surface of the
epoxy during humid conditions will aid the evaporation.

COVERAGE - ABOUT 225 SQUARE FEET PER 1 GALLON KIT



Find Water Bond™ in our catalog - Click Here
Return to our floor coatings master index page  Click Here

Already know what you want?
Goto our 1-line product/price summary page MARINE or INDUSTRIAL












Google Industry 
				Specific Search
Epoxy Flooring

CLICK 
				HERE













Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc.

www.epoxyproducts.com





 


disclaimers


terms of web use


legal stuff
 


 






 


 

site master

			greatthings4u gifts

protagonist

			paul oman

ground zero

pittsfield/northwood 
			NH
 







Water-Based Commercial DIY Garage 
Floor Epoxy Paint
Water Bond Professional water based garage epoxy floor paint Learn more
####
\









Marine Epoxy Guide Book - reviews







PROGRESSIVE EPOXY 
POLYMERS, INC.
Nothing but Quality 
Products at Good Prices, Great Customer Service, and Lots and Lots of Helpful 
Information
and NO SALES TAX - You 
are shopping in TAX FREE New Hampshire





APPREHENSIVE?
							New to Epoxies? (They can be $$$). 
							Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL) and put yourself at ease with a 1 on 1 
							conversation about your project, which products will 
							work best for you, and how to use them. After 
							purchase "handholding", support, and encouragement 
							are also available anytime. We freely share our 20 
							plus years of epoxy experience and problem solving 
							experience.  If our owner, Paul Oman, 
							is not available he will return your call quickly. 
							Emails are answered all day long. Without potential 
							customers, repeat customers, and friends like you 
							that want some free, quick advice, New Hampshire 
							based Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc., 
							a Better Business Bureau member, would not exist. 

							Thank you
							in advance and 
							thank you
							for visiting epoxyproducts.com. We 
							appreciate your interest in our company.

							 PRIMARY 
			STORE LINK ---
			TOP SELLING 
			PRODUCTS --- EPOXY GURU HELP 
			SITE --- 
			EPOXY DATA SHEETS




The Marine 
Epoxy Everything Guide

(Marine 
Epoxy Resins - Find 
us on BING search engine)
 


Marine Epoxy stitch and glue kayak construction 
 
 
Marine Epoxy Guide Book - reviews
User comments on BEST RATED clear two part marine epoxy REVIEWS prices, vendors, 
examples
 





PROGRESSIVE EPOXY 
POLYMERS, INC.


Dec 2008 from Doug: "The following is my opinion of a good company. My 
affiliation is as a DIY end user. No recompense, no funny business: I've been 
refurbishing our 1973 ketch and have done some epoxy work in that process. I've 
never worked with epoxy before this. I talked to several local glass workers and 
researched on line to learn a bit about epoxy. I searched for different vendors 
and their prices. I settled on a place in New Hampshire called Progressive Epoxy 
Polymers. (http://www.epoxyproducts.com)

My first thought was, what a mess of a website. I found it very confusing. Since I first came upon it, there have
been improvements made to make it more "user friendly". Aside from that, the site is most informative
to this beginning DIY's. I was won over by the explanations, descriptions of chemistries, 
MSDS's , suggested usages,
and personal responsiveness of the owner and his wife. I did a calculation of prices per ounce, approximating the
match of the different brand's products. I realize that there is no way I can say I'm comparing the same chemistry
of different brands. Nevertheless, Progressive Epoxy prices remain the best I have found. 


I've used the Premium No Blush (~15 gallons), Low-V (~2 gal), a putty with kevlar, and some elastomeric stuff.
In addition I've used the fumed silica, micro balloons, ezy-thick, chopped glass & milled glass.

Progressive Epoxy Polymers is my epoxy source, I recommend them."
 
















											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 

#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches

#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches

#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											



											company video




											Contact Page






 






The Marine 
			Epoxy Everything Guide
Everything from 
			user reviews, repair examples, 
pricing issues and 
			vendor evaluation tips 
 

Basic No Blush 
			Marine Epoxy Product Page

Marine 
			Epoxy Catalog page (multiple epoxies)

Basic 
			No Blush Marine Epoxy User Reviews / Feedback

How To 
			Evaluating Marine Epoxy brands and Vendors

Marine Epoxy 
			prices - what it really costs!

Marine Epoxy 
			amine blush - what is epoxy Blush?

Boat repair 
			examples using Marine Epoxy

Dinghy Marine 
			Epoxy boat repair case study

Progressive Epoxy 
			Polymer's marine web site

Buy two part Marine Epoxy now

Massive site 
			of Internet boat links 
 

We also 
			have Internet floor epoxy links!



 




 
Basic No Blush 
				Epoxy  VS

 

				Premium No Blush Epoxy


BASIC NO BLUSH™ - our most popular all purpose marine epoxy  resin - great value and price!

PREMIUM NO BLUSH™ - non-hazmat for quick AIR shipping
and shipping outside the USA - cycloaliphatic curing system Worth considering if 
				you want the Very Best


non blushing
very clear
easy mix ratio (1 : 2)
blendable hardeners ---  slow summer, regular and 
fast winter curing agents
nice medium viscosity
no VOCs (solvent free)
no formaldehyde in the formulation
formulated product - not simply repackaged raw resins from
the big chemical companies
best prices!

 
 
non blushing
easy mix ratio (1.5 : 2)

cycloaliphatic curing system
nice medium viscosity
no VOCs (solvent free)
no formaldehyde in the formulation 
found in some of the popular epoxies
no nonyl phenol in the formulation
(98% of epoxies contain Nonyl Phenol) no-nonyl means healthier and no 
reaction with enamel paint
formulated product - not simply repackaged raw resins from
the big chemical companies
non hazmat to ship!
Amber 
				colored curing agent helps bring out the color of natural wood 
				finishes

 


 

				We do have regular customers that exclusively 
like and use the Premium No Blush over the Basic No Blush. The amber non hazmat 
curing agent (the Basic No Blush has a clear curing agent) provides a bit of 
warm color and maybe hides some of the UV Yellowing. I've hard reports that it is a slightly softer finish too (soft means 
more impact resistance). A very Premium marine epoxy at a price of about that 
the other guy's charge for their 'regular' epoxy.


 
 


 
















											BOAT BUILDING




											SUPPLIES AND INFO





											Non Blushing Marine Epoxy



											Marine Epoxies  (find in 
											catalog)





											Epoxy Fillers / Thickeners



											Fiberglass Cloth




											"Stitch 
											and Glue" building



											Underwater Epoxy Repairs





											Varnish Info



											Varnish (find in catalog)





											Dinghy Repair



											Massive Boat Links Site





											Email Us



											Call 603-435-7199 help/orders






 
 











Epoxy Crazing Notice/Warning








There are 
							two types of Marine Epoxy Vendors: 1) 
							discount, bulk, 
REPACKAGERS
who simple buy drums of raw resin and raw curing 
							agent(s) from the big chemical companies and fill 
							plastic jugs for resale; 2) 
							

							FORMULATORS take the raw epoxy chemicals add 
							to them to enhance and improve the raw "moonshine" 
							into a "fine whiskey". Learn more
							
							repackagers/formulators. 
Our
			Basic No Blush 
			(tm) is a formulated 
non blushing 
			epoxy by 
			
			Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc. (homepage). that includes additions for 
			reduced brittleness and exclusive (only we have it)  bubble 
			breakers for a more perfect looking finish. Basic No Blush is the 
			least expensive of the formulated epoxies and considered the best 
			marine epoxy by many ex-users of the other formulated epoxies. 


REPACKAGED EPOXY WARNING: 
			Over the years I have seen and had reports of non-formulated, raw 
			resin/cure epoxies (which are extremely hard and brittle) becoming 
			crazed with millions of cracks (like shattered safety glass) in 
			outdoor settings that experience big changes in temperature. 
			Formulated epoxies  all seem to be 'fixed' to allow for this 
			expansion and contraction without cracking by making them less 
			brittle and better able to handle internal stresses.







																	Marine 
																	Catalog  
																	/////
																	
																	Stitch n 
																	Glue 
																	///// 
																	Epoxy Only 
																	Google 
																	Search 
																	/////
																	
																	Epoxy Guru 
																	Help Site 
																	/////
																	
																	Marine Boat 
																	Epoxy Etc. 
																	Links






"I've been using the 
			Basic No Blush epoxy on all my own stuff, and using up all the West 
			epoxy on most customers boats. When the West
is finally gone I'll only be using your epoxies. Good stuff. I'm rebuilding an old Rybovich so a big order in the
future..." Patrick (comment with on-line order 9/4/07)  
			----  Order No Blush online
			









 



marine
				BARRIER 
				COAT epoxy...
hull
				BLISTER 
				REPAIR...

MARINE EPOXY...




 
"I feel that any person taking a boat to sea anywhere, anytime, should carry your product aboard and know how to
apply it. If I can assist you in distributing or advertising your product, I am more than happy to do so." 
(Wet Dry 700 and/or Corro Coat FC 2100 A - keep 1 - 2 gallons onboard if you 
venture offshore)

Joy S. and Leslie B.,
US Yacht Banshee
Authors: Escape From Hermit 
Island


Basic No Blush IS THE ONLY 
	MARINE EPOXY FORMULATED WITH EXPENSIVE BUBBLE BREAKERS to give a more 
	flawless, perfect finish.
 


marine epoxy boat building school
 







We really appreciate 
you visiting PROGRESSIVE EPOXY POLYMERS, INC. and our web site: 
EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM.  Take advantage of the CONTACT links on this page to ask 
questions about our products and/or your projects. You can stay in touch with us 
via our NEWSLETTER (link on our
contact page) which is 
emailed  every 6-8 weeks.


This 
current page is all about:

The Marine 
Epoxy Everything Guide
Marine Epoxy Guide Book - reviews
User comments on BEST RATED clear two part marine epoxy REVIEWS prices, vendors, 
examples
 




 

BASIC NO 
				BLUSH (tm) MARINE EPOXY - review
 





Progressive Epoxy Polymers 
	(epoxyproducts.com) Attn: Paul,
Attached is a zip file with photos, 
	plan view, vessel description, and some shots of the previous builds of the 
	same boat. I am using your Basic No-Blush marine epoxy as my sole epoxy coating & 
	glue solution throughout this entire project and I just love your product! 
	Having used all the major brands on the market today I find your epoxy to be 
	the easiest, most consistent, and most forgiving marine epoxy product of them all.
	
This boat is being built in an 
	unheated, semi-weather tight workshop, on an island on Lake Winnipesaukee 
	(central New Hampshire) and consequently I'm more often working in 
	temperatures outside of what is optimal for most epoxies. I've had success 
	with your epoxy (with the Regular curing agent) setting up in temps in the 
	low 50's and also behaving kindly with temps in the upper 80s to 90+. While 
	pot life varies considerably in such a wide range your product is very 
	consistent, predictable, and telling when it's time to 'wrap it up', which 
	is definitely not so much the case with some of your competitors.
In addition, your pricing is very 
	attractive and while price is not the primary reason why I use your product 
	I definitely appreciate the value you offer, so thank you.
Jeff - 2014 - Offshore 
	Skiff boat builder










Originally designed for Offshore 
	Magazine, the Offshore Skiff was intended to be an economical shoal-draft 
	family cruiser or alternately--in the open center-console version--an 
	all-around utility boat. A skiff. of course, is any fairly small, shoal, 
	economical vessel. She could be a 15-foot rowboat, a 30-foot Jersey sea 
	skiff, or even a 36-foot 17,000-pound Sea Bright skiff. The Offshore Skiff, 
	falls nicely in the middle of this range at 28-feet 3-inches overall , 
	24-feet waterline, 8-foot beam. 5400-pound displacement, and drawing a scant 
	1 1 inches to the bottom of her hull. (She draws 26 inches to the bottom of 
	her outboard.)





 
 
 



Massive
				Boat Links 
				Site


Buy Now ("marine epoxy" in 
				NAVIGATION BAR)


BASIC NO 
				BLUSH web page


 


 



 



EMERGENCY 
YACHT  UNDERWATER REPAIR


A Case Study Using 
Progressive Epoxy Polymer's  
Underwater Epoxy - WET DRY 700 Underwater Epoxy  and Corro Coat FC2100A (BUY 
NOW) read how our epoxies and customer service saved 
the day over a decade ago (2003). Those products and customer service are still 
available to you - call 603 435 7199 any time (ask for Paul Oman)
 Underwater epoxy 
for Emergency hull repair - sinking yacht Case Study - now  in book form at 
						Amazon:
						
 
http://www.bansheeboat.com/files/testimonials.html





Available at Barnes 
			and Noble and Amazon
 Email Message
Subject: Progressive Epoxies
Date: Sun, 17 Aug. 2003 23:36:47 -0770 (PDT)
From: Joy Sxxxx <bansheeboat@xxxxxxx.xxx>
To: pauloman@pauloman.com

Paul:
Remember me? Joy Smith and her sunk boat in Papua New Guinea around Christmas time
last year??
By the time I finally left my boat and got off the island, got to civilization and
then found your website, in my desperate search for an air-shippable underwater epoxy, we had been marooned on
remote Hermit Is., PNG for two months. Banshee sank on October 21, 2002, in three minutes, after hitting a coral
head and was completely underwater for three days. There was a 6 ft. crack through the hull and a punched in hole
about a foot in diameter. The damage was massive.
Leslie patched the hull with old Z-Spar Splash Zone and a piece of wood a villager
shaped with an axe. We kedged it off the reef, winched it upright, and then the villagers built an underwater cradle
of lashed together logs to support Banshee. We bailed with buckets during a very low tide at night. She floated.
The inside of the boat was trashed, the electric/electronics destroyed, the engine unusable, lots of things stolen,
and diesel oil, sandy sea water and ocean bottom rubble and mold covered everything. But the sailing rig survived.


However, it soon became apparent that the old Z-Spar patch would never hold for a 300 mile open sea voyage to Madang,
PNG and dry dock for hull repair. As I told you when I wrote in December, the hull was steadily leaking, and we
knew the temporary repair would not last much longer. 

I was desperate to save my boat that has been my life for 32 years. 

I bought your underwater epoxy, and you shipped it to Manus Is., PNG. I picked it up and returned to the remote
island of Hermit-what a name!! Almost didn't make it back as a storm came up while we were in the open 26 ft. boat
making it back to the island. 36 hrs in an open boat with heavy seas with local bush people and me! BUT I HAD THE
EPOXY AND KNEW WE WOULD NOW SAIL BANSHEE OFF HERMIT.
The whole saga is a very very long story of an incredible three month ordeal for two
women alone. I got back to Hermit in mid January, and Les and I applied your stuff according to your directions.
We patched the hull inside and out as you said. By then, the leakage from the 10 year old Z-Spar Splash Zone was
getting worse. However, your stuff stopped all the leaks. 

After 3 weeks of working on the boat, we left Hermit for the voyage to Madang, PNG. Sailing the 300 miles with
no engine, no electronics, no autopilot, no functioning life raft, and very little food or water. There were very
high winds and rough seas and then dead calms, and we only had wind and sails alone to get us across that ocean.
YOUR REPAIR STUFF HELD!! The hull had a fierce pounding-but no leaks. WE MADE IT!! We were towed in at the entrance
to Madang Harbor and collapsed in exhaustion. 

If we had not had your epoxy - our boat which is our life would still be under water at Hermit. We owe a debt of
gratitude to you. The boat was put up in a primitive dry dock, and we literally cut out the repaired hull with
a diamond tipped saw. Your stuff eats sanding grinders! We are good at epoxy repair of hulls-thank goodness, because
no one here knew anything. Before we had properly repaired big holes where thru-hulls had been removed by building
up larger and larger layers of mat and roving with epoxy resin. Leslie is very good at that-having worked in a
fiberglass repair shop. This was just a bigger job. 

Ghastly work. We have pictures of the repair and the 6 ft. long crack and hole in the hull. 

We are now safely sitting in an anchorage in Madang rebuilding, and rewiring with our very limited funds. We plan
to leave Madang for Guam and employment in December. The story became such an incredible one about doing the impossible
that some publishers in the states are interested. I am writing a book about the whole ordeal. There will be an
article in Sailing magazine. An article in the online magazine of Andrew Corp.. makers of our GPS antenna, has
gone to press. Now, ACR Electronics, maker of our EPIRB that notified authorities of our disaster, is interested
in an online article.

All because you were kind, took time to help me, and had the right stuff. I should have written many times before,
but work on the boat kept interrupting me. Its been non-stop since we got in. You and your company will have star
billing in any written piece that comes from me. Also, I think its important for sailors to feel that if the unspoken
fear that we all have - holing and sinking - actually happens, one has options other than just walking away as
so many told me to do. Two women did this - they can to! I am 61 and Leslie is 44. We did not walk away!

I feel that any person taking a boat to sea anywhere, anytime, should carry your product aboard and know how to
apply it. If I can assist you in distributing or advertising your product, I am more than happy to do so.

Very thankfully,

Joy S. and Leslie B.,
US Yacht Banshee
Madang, Papua New Guinea
 


 
 

Since the 
			2002/2003 sinking and repair the Wet Dry 700 epoxy can no longer be 
			shipped outside the USA. 

The the thick but 
			rollable Corro Coat FC 2100A can still be air shipped and thickeners 
			can be added to make it more 

of a paste. The 
			Quick Fix 2300 has limited structural adhesion and is being phased 
			out. 

The Wet Dry 700 
			and the Corro Coat FC 2100A remain top selling products both for 
			underwater and dry surface repairs.

-- I'm proud our products and 
			customer service saved the day - and it still does over a decade 
			later -- Paul Oman

call anytime to talk about your 
			project 603 -435-7199














WOW! 


 35% 
			- 40% of all daily online or telephone orders are from existing  
			customers. That's an amazing 'REPEAT 
			CUSTOMER" number.








							EPOXY-ONLY WEB SEARCH


603 - 435 - 
			7199 ANYTIME 24/7 FOR HELP OR ORDERS



















 





What Makes
								Water Gard 300 (tm) 
								A Superior Epoxy Coating For Your 
								Barrier Coat Application?

Water Gard 300 is not a simple epoxy paint 
								but rather an epoxy adduct. In general terms 
								epoxy adducts have some of the Part A resin 
								added to the Part B curing agent during 
								manufacture. The result is improvement in most 
								of the coating's physical properties (which is 
								way you are using an epoxy in the first place). 
								This includes reduced yellowing, better curing 
								and a host of other property improvements. A 
								better epoxy for better results!
Learn more about epoxy 
								adducts at the
								
								Vanguard Concrete Coating web site.




 






ONLINE PRODUCT 
				CATALOGS

PROGRESSIVE EPOXY 
				POLYMERS, Inc
 





ONLINE STORE 
				Purchase Here ------ or CALL 603 435 7199  ------
				 HOME 
				PAGE
 




Marine Catalog
 


* home
page of marine catalog section (blue background)
* table
	of contents page for marine catalog section


 


Section One MARINE - CLEAR EPOXIES

Section Two FILLERS THICKENERS ADDITIVES

Section Three THICKENED EPOXIES - EPOXY PUTTIES, ETC.

Section Four EPOXY PAINTS (barrier coats)

Section Five URETHANES AND NON-EPOXY COATINGS

Section Six NON-SKID DECK COATINGS

Section Seven MARINE REPAIR PRODUCTS

Section Eight MISC. MARINE PRODUCTS
 



MASSIVE BOAT HOW TO  
				- ISSUES - 
				HELP WEB LINK SITE
 


 
 




Residential / 
				Commercial / DIY Catalog
 



* home
page of residential/commercial catalog section (brown background)
* table
	of contents page for residential/commercial catalog section


 



Section A EPOXY PAINTS

Section B FLOOR EPOXIES (regular and non-skid products), SEALERS, ACCESSORIES

Section C THICKENED EPOXIES - EPOXY PUTTIES, ETC.

Section D CLEAR EPOXIES

Section E NON-EPOXY PAINTS COATINGS SEALERS

Section F MIX-IN ADDITIVES

Section G OTHER PRODUCTS

Section H SURFACE PREPARATION PRODUCTS

Section I MISC. ACCESSORIES
 



WEB
				EPOXY 
				FLOOR ISSUES LINKS SITE --- WEB
				EPOXY 
				REPAIR LINKS SITE
 




PRODUCT 
				DATA SHEETS  ------- 
				BY SUBJECT 
				INDEX HELP SITE
 





top selling favorite 
products for your every need

Buy 
				Talk Chat Support


EMAIL  
				or 
603 435 7199


				American manufactured, distributed, and sold epoxies and 
				coatings.
Your business helps small 
				American Family Businesses - Thank You!
 



 




			 


Progressive 
			Epoxy Polymers'  Paul Oman 
solo sailing his 
			former Coronado 25, "Temptress "
on Galveston Bay 
			- early 1990s


 



 


disclaimers


terms of web use


legal stuff
 


 






 


 

site master

			greatthings4u gifts

protagonist

			paul oman

ground zero

pittsfield/northwood 
			NH
 



 

Marine Epoxy Guide Book - reviews
User comments on BEST RATED clear two part marine epoxy REVIEWS prices, vendors, 
examples
 

web counter








R.C. Davis Company - True Bond epoxy, epoxies, concrete floor repair - concrete repair material





epoxies - concrete floor repair - concrete repair material - epoxy patching - epoxy flooring - epoxy coating - epoxy paint - concrete sealer - non slip coating









Home
About Us 
Our Products 
Our Customers
Contact Us 
Technical Support 





      R. C. Davis Company, Inc., Manufacturers of Epoxy Concrete Repair and Coating
     Products for Industrial and Commercial Use Since 1973
    
 Home of the True-Bond™ line of epoxies, our concrete repair materials have been serving major manufacturers as
 well as smaller companies for over thirty years! No matter what your epoxy needs are, from concrete floor repair, concrete wall repair, epoxy coating, epoxy patching, concrete sealer or non slip coating, or even epoxy paints, our products provide the permanent solution  you are looking for. 
Specialty Epoxy Solutions for:




 Heavy Forklift Traffic
Wet Surface Applications
 Oil/grease saturated areas
 Expansion Joint Repairs
 Chemical Erosion
Cold Temperature Applications
 Non-Slip Surfaces



    All of our epoxies are USDA approved and meet OSHA compliance. Our epoxies and coatings are manufactured exclusively for heavy duty Industrial and Commercial applications and are not intended for residential use.


Home | About
  Us  | Our Products  | Our
  Customers | Contact Us | Technical
  Support



R. C. Davis Co. Inc. Manufacturing True-Bond Industrial and Commercial Epoxies since 1973
epoxy - epoxies - concrete floor repair - concrete repair material
          - epoxy patching - epoxy flooring - epoxy coating
epoxy paint 
- concrete wall repair - concrete sealer -  non slip flooring - non slip coating
©2005 R.C. Davis Co. Inc. - 80 Smith Street, Farmingdale, NY 11735 - Phone: 516.694.2080 Fax: 516.694.2067 Email: info@TrueBond.com

      Visa, American Express and MasterCard Accepted 










R.C. Davis Company - True Bond epoxy, epoxies, concrete floor repair - concrete repair material





epoxies - concrete floor repair - concrete repair material - epoxy patching - epoxy flooring - epoxy coating - epoxy paint - concrete sealer - non slip coating









Home
About Us 
Our Products 
Our Customers
Contact Us 
Technical Support 





      R. C. Davis Company, Inc., Manufacturers of Epoxy Concrete Repair and Coating
     Products for Industrial and Commercial Use Since 1973
    
 Home of the True-Bond™ line of epoxies, our concrete repair materials have been serving major manufacturers as
 well as smaller companies for over thirty years! No matter what your epoxy needs are, from concrete floor repair, concrete wall repair, epoxy coating, epoxy patching, concrete sealer or non slip coating, or even epoxy paints, our products provide the permanent solution  you are looking for. 
Specialty Epoxy Solutions for:




 Heavy Forklift Traffic
Wet Surface Applications
 Oil/grease saturated areas
 Expansion Joint Repairs
 Chemical Erosion
Cold Temperature Applications
 Non-Slip Surfaces



    All of our epoxies are USDA approved and meet OSHA compliance. Our epoxies and coatings are manufactured exclusively for heavy duty Industrial and Commercial applications and are not intended for residential use.


Home | About
  Us  | Our Products  | Our
  Customers | Contact Us | Technical
  Support



R. C. Davis Co. Inc. Manufacturing True-Bond Industrial and Commercial Epoxies since 1973
epoxy - epoxies - concrete floor repair - concrete repair material
          - epoxy patching - epoxy flooring - epoxy coating
epoxy paint 
- concrete wall repair - concrete sealer -  non slip flooring - non slip coating
©2005 R.C. Davis Co. Inc. - 80 Smith Street, Farmingdale, NY 11735 - Phone: 516.694.2080 Fax: 516.694.2067 Email: info@TrueBond.com

      Visa, American Express and MasterCard Accepted 









Product Listing ..Epoxies





Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc.



cart.cgi Shopping Cart




































Shipping Weight: 28 lb.



1.5 gal epoxy - std cure  (for use in temps 45 - 85 F)



basic no blush/std cure


SHIPPING BY UPS GROUND. EMAIL INFO@EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM FOR 15 GALLON UNIT PRICING OR FOR OTHER SHIPPING OPTIONS. THIS PRODUCT CANNOT BE SHIPPED BY AIR OR OUTSIDE THE USA


$121.00





 
 


Check Out

























Shipping Weight: 27 lb.



1.5 gal epoxy -  slow/summer cure (use in temps 90+ F)



basic no blush/summer cure


SHIPPING BY UPS GROUND. EMAIL INFO@EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM FOR 15 GALLON UNIT PRICING OR FOR OTHER SHIPPING OPTIONS.  NOTE: Color is Amber


$128.00





 
 


Check Out

























Shipping Weight: 27 lb.



1.5 gal epoxy - fast/winter cure ( use in temps under 45 F)



basic no blush/winter cure


SHIPPING BY UPS GROUND. EMAIL INFO@EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM FOR 15 GALLON UNIT PRICING OR FOR OTHER SHIPPING OPTIONS. THIS PRODUCT CANNOT BE SHIPPED BY AIR OR OUTSIDE THE USA


$128.00





 
 


Check Out

























Shipping Weight: 27 lb.



3 quart epoxy - std cure (for use in temps 45 - 85 F)



basic no blush/std cure


SHIPPING BY UPS GROUND. EMAIL INFO@EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM FOR 15 GALLON UNIT PRICING OR FOR OTHER SHIPPING OPTIONS. THIS PRODUCT CANNOT BE SHIPPED BY AIR OR OUTSIDE THE USA


$70.00





 
 


Check Out

























Shipping Weight: 27 lb.



3 quart epoxy - slow/summer cure (use in temps 90+ F)



basic no blush/summer cure


SHIPPING BY UPS GROUND. EMAIL INFO@EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM FOR 15 GALLON UNIT PRICING OR FOR OTHER SHIPPING OPTIONS. THIS PRODUCT CANNOT BE SHIPPED BY AIR OR OUTSIDE THE USA


$75.00





 
 


Check Out

























Shipping Weight: 27 lb.



3 quart epoxy - slow/winter cure - (use in temps below 45 F)



basic no cure/winter cure


SHIPPING BY UPS GROUND. EMAIL INFO@EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM FOR 15 GALLON UNIT PRICING OR FOR OTHER SHIPPING OPTIONS. THIS PRODUCT CANNOT BE SHIPPED BY AIR OR OUTSIDE THE USA


$75.00





 
 


Check Out

























Shipping Weight: 1 lb.



only for Basic No Blush Epoxy



pumps for BASIC epoxy (set of 2)


Pumps for Basic No Blush epoxy jugs


$15.00





 
 


Check Out

























Shipping Weight: 37 lb.



2.5 gal kit clear non-haz epoxy ($90 per gallon w hardener)



premium no blush™


SHIPPING BY UPS GROUND. EMAIL INFO@EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM FOR 25 GALLON UNIT PRICING OR FOR OTHER SHIPPING OPTIONS.


$275.00





 
 


Check Out

























Shipping Weight: 9 lb.



80 oz. kit clear non-haz epoxy



premium no blush™


SHIPPING BY UPS GROUND. EMAIL INFO@EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM FOR 25 GALLON UNIT PRICING OR FOR OTHER SHIPPING OPTIONS.


$99.00





 
 


Check Out

























Shipping Weight: 5 lb.



40 oz kit clear non-haz epoxy



premium no blush™


SHIPPING BY UPS GROUND. EMAIL INFO@EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM FOR 25 GALLON UNIT PRICING OR FOR OTHER SHIPPING OPTIONS.


$64.00





 
 


Check Out

























Shipping Weight: 30 lb.



1.5 gal kit clear epoxy



low v™


SHIPPING BY UPS GROUND. EMAIL INFO@EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM FOR 15 GALLON UNIT PRICING OR FOR OTHER SHIPPING OPTIONS. THIS PRODUCT CANNOT BE SHIPPED BY AIR OR OUTSIDE THE USA


$138.00





 
 


Check Out

























Shipping Weight: 16 lb.



1.5 quart kit clear epoxy



low v™


SHIPPING BY UPS GROUND. EMAIL INFO@EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM FOR 15 GALLON UNIT PRICING OR FOR OTHER SHIPPING OPTIONS. THIS PRODUCT CANNOT BE SHIPPED BY AIR OR OUTSIDE THE USA


$68.00





 
 


Check Out

























Shipping Weight: 24 lb.



2 quart penetrating epoxy



esp 155™


SHIPPING BY UPS GROUND.  THIS PRODUCT CANNOT BE SHIPPED BY AIR OR OUTSIDE THE USA. CANNOT BE SOLD IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA (LA AREA)


$80.00





 
 


Check Out

























Shipping Weight: 10 lb.



1.5 quart kit clear epoxy



bio clear 810


SHIPPING BY UPS GROUND. THIS PRODUCT CANNOT BE SHIPPED BY AIR OR OUTSIDE THE USA


$60.00





 
 


Check Out

























Shipping Weight: 45 lb.



3 gallon kit clear epoxy



bio clear 810


SHIPPING BY UPS GROUND. THIS PRODUCT CANNOT BE SHIPPED BY AIR OR OUTSIDE THE USA


$210.00





 
 


Check Out

























Shipping Weight: 29 lb.



1.5 gallon kit clear epoxy



bio clear 810


SHIPPING BY UPS GROUND. THIS PRODUCT CANNOT BE SHIPPED BY AIR OR OUTSIDE THE USA


$122.00





 
 


Check Out




Home | 
..Epoxies | 
..Epoxy paints | 
..Epoxy thick/putty | 
..Non epoxy coatings | 
..Thickeners/fillers/additives | 
.Misc. products




Marine Epoxy Product Prices 603.435.7199  build repair products 










PROGRESSIVE EPOXY POLYMERS, INC.





																	BUY 
																	COATINGS, 
																	EPOXY, ETC. 
																	HERE


Nothing but Quality 
Products at Good Prices, Great Customer Service, and Lots and Lots of Helpful 
Information






From everything 
				boats to table tops to floors to pebble decks to swimming pools 
				and nuclear reactors -- Our epoxies cover the world. We only 
				sell the best quality and best performing coatings. Looking for 
				low end, under performing products at dumpster diving prices? - 
				you'll need to shop someplace else. 
				So, what can we 
				do for you?



(EMAIL 
603 435 7199)





							EPOXY-ONLY WEB SEARCH
 





APPREHENSIVE? 
			New to Epoxies? (They can be $$$). Let's talk (603 - 
			435 - 7199 or 
			EMAIL) and put yourself at ease with a 1 on 1 conversation about 
			your project, which products will work best for you, and how to use 
			them. After purchase "handholding", support, and encouragement are 
			also available anytime. We freely share our 20 plus years of epoxy 
			experience and problem solving experience.  If our owner, Paul 
			Oman, is not available he will return your call quickly. 
			Emails are answered all day long. Without potential customers, 
			repeat customers, and friends like you that want some free, quick 
			advice, New Hampshire based Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc., 
			a Better Business Bureau member, would not exist. 
Thank you 
			in advance and thank you 
			for visiting epoxyproducts.com. We appreciate your 
			interest in our company.
 
 PRIMARY 
STORE LINK --- 
TOP 
SELLING PRODUCTS
							--- EPOXY GURU HELP SITE 
--- 


ALUTHANE MCU PAINT --- BASIC NO BLUSH (MARINE 
AND STONE EPOXY) --- BUY NO BLUSH



HOT SPOTS:


			shippingContainers

swimPool

bartops

cellarLeaks

dataSheet



barrierCoats

pebbleDeck

floors

boats

rot

HELP/INDEX








BOAT LINK SITE 
- dozens of boat repair - marine epoxy - articles - CHECK IT OUT!



			"You provide outstanding products, and Fantastic 
			Support. Thank You."
				

				Brian S.
				

"Thanks for all your advice, tips & moral support 
				concerning my project. It turned out beautiful. Quality people backing a quality product is the 
				only way to go!"
				

Joe



You're talking 
					with:  Paul Oman, MS, MBA -- Member since 1994: NACE (National Assoc. of
Corrosion Engineers), SSPC (Soc. of Protective Coatings)  --  
Technical Help - not sales talk!


One Line Marine 
Epoxy Summary Page

(DIY Commercial Epoxy summary
click here)
 



















WHO ARE WE? 
							Make sure you are purchasing your epoxies from a 
							real epoxy company and not a bulk repackaging 
							company


Watch our short 2-minute 
							company presentation. 
							
							Progressive Epoxy Polymers video












 
ONE LINE PRODUCT SUMMARY LISTING
MARINE Catalog - (Epoxy Resin - Marine Epoxy - Fillers - Supplies)
 


 
Epoxy Product Listings Prices 
marine repair products
marine epoxy catalog summary page
 




PROGRESSIVE EPOXY POLYMERS, INC.





Marine Photo Gallery
 

People that like boat building and clear marine epoxy projects also like pictures of classic boats, yachts, marine
			wrecks, naval ships and 'funny' boats. 
 
Visit our photo gallery found at:
 
www.epoxyproducts.com/boats.html









* denotes - price includes shipping within the lower 48 US states

No Sales Tax applied. Save Money,
you're shopping in Tax Free New Hampshire
All orders require pre-payment. Our credit terms policy is
your VISA or MasterCard Account







--- Boat Repair - Marine Products - Marine Tips
			and Tricks --- MASSIVE MARINE LINKS ON EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM SITE CLICK HERE



 

PROGRESSIVE EPOXY 
POLYMERS, INC.




PAGE AND SITE 
			NAVIGATION









 



MARINE
NAVIGATION
BAR


Main
			Home Page ====>*


Marine
			Home Page ====>*


Marine Catalog Contents Page ====>*


Marine
			Online Catalog Page ====>*


Contact
			Page /Link to Storefront/Ordering
*


This is a Catalog Page
(blue background)


HELP Page




Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc.


..


..


..


..


..


.YOU ARE HERE.


 MSDS
			/DATA



FYI: catalog pages are blue (marine) or yellow 
(home/indust), info pages are green, product pages are purple, core pages are 
gray
 No 
Sales Tax applied. Save Money, you're shopping in Tax Free New Hampshire









NOTICE: Legal notices, Terms 
		of Service, warranty information, disclaimers, health warnings, etc. are 
		required reading before using website, ordering and/or using Products. 
		Any such use and/or ordering, online or by telephone, shall constitute 
		acceptance and knowledge of all such terms.


		CLICK HERE (www.epoxyproducts.com/legal.html) to access these terms.




MEMBER:  
Internet Epoxy Confederation (IEC - 
CLICK HERE TO VISIT) -- "Where Professionalism Still Matters"



We've been selling epoxy - marine epoxy (boat building - wood / fiberglass 
repair) industrial coatings - garage paint -

underwater epoxies - thick putties - tabletop resins and supplies since the 
early 1990's











LEARN ABOUT:





			Cycloaliphatic epoxies





			Epoxy adducts





			Nonyl phenol additives


 





					Before you buy anything from anyone, we HIGHLY SUGGEST you
					CALL OR 
					EMAIL US  (24/7/365). Let's make sure you have the 
					right products for the job, an understanding of how to use 
					them and a feel for what might  go wrong.  And if  
					you purchase our products feel free to
					CALL OR 
					EMAIL US again (24/7/365)  before you use them for 
					"tips and tricks" or just some "hand-holding." Perhaps when 
					you're done you'll let us put up some of our pictures on our 
					web site.



 



"Hi 
				there! This e-mail has no question but I was just looking 
				through your site and I wanted to say that it's great! I was 
				just looking around the internet to read about the subject of 
				epoxy and no other site I visited was as helpful as yours. You 
				are very knowledgeable in that subject and I admire that. Great 
				work and I wish you the best! "  - Gabriella  10/15




You don't find 
				endorsements like this on other sites!



 




Complete, 
			customized, osmotic hull
			blister repair 
			with Kevlar (tm) based epoxies and multiple epoxy 
			barrier coat system options. Call to discuss your boat and 
			purchase everything you need from a single source - plus 24/7 help 
			and support from boating resin professionals. A Better Business 
			Bureau Company. 603-435-7199 



 




			email help
swim pool 
			repair
pebble 
			decks
data/msds 
			sheets


boat 
			epoxies
floor 
			epoxies
rot repair
basement 
			leaks


alum. paint
underwater 
			epoxy
home page
epoxy guru



			online store
contact page
barrier 
			coat
potable 
			water




		 
		   
		
		Joseph E. Jessop (age 92) and Jack Sutphen (1990's/80's?)
		photo by Bob Couarnubias
		 




"JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW I HAVE COMPLETED MY REBUILD ON THE 
			1975 SKI NAUTIQUE. I AM MORE THAN IMPRESSED WITH YOUR PRODUCTS AND 
			EVEN MORE SO WITH YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE. A + COMPANY." - Bob 10/14





		 







											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 

#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches

#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches

#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											



											company video
 


 
















QUICK PURCHASE THESE LEADING EPOXIES
			NOW
Several high volume, core Favorite Products have a Quick Purchase Option. This
			option allows you to skip going to our Contact Page and our Storefront Primary Page and
			takes you directly to the storefront category section where this product is located for purchase. All legal terms, conditions and
			disclaimers still apply. To access this Quick Purchase Option, click on the product
			name. --- Basic No Blush marine epoxy --- Bio Clear 810 bar top epoxy --- Wet Dry 700 underwater epoxy --- Aluthane aluminum paint ---  


 

Section 1 --- MARINE RESINS (CLICK ON LINK BELOW FOR FULL PRODUCT DETAILS)


Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)

(http://www.epoxyproducts.com/1_marineresins.html)
 
 
basic no blush™------------------- 3 quart unit $70 
($75 with summer or winter curing agent) -- 1.5 gal unit $121 ($128 with summer or winter curing agent) 


This product is a Progressive Epoxy 
Polymers, Inc. best selling, favorite product. Visit our FAVORITES - 7 
EPOXIES THAT WILL FIX ANYTHING  web page 
at: 
epoxyproducts.com/favorites4u.html View other popular one-of-a-kind 
products.


This Product Has its Own Web Site - click here
 


---- 15 gal unit $1115 --- 30 gal unit $2090 
		
Basic No Blush IS 
		THE ONLY MARINE EPOXY FORMULATED WITH EXPENSIVE BUBBLE BREAKERS to give 
		a more flawless, perfect finish.

Best selling marine epoxy, also used for sealing pebble stone walkways.
	"Try Me" Sampler includes EZ thick thickener sample. Found in the EPOXIES section of our online store
	front. Slow, fast and 'normal' curing agents available. 



Order this
					product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link: EPOXY NOW





premium no blush™ ------------- 2.5 gal unit $275 
---- 40 oz unit $64  ---- 80 oz unit $99  ---- (25 gal unit $2640)

A slightly more weather resistant marine epoxy, also this epoxy is non
	hazmat to ship so can be sent by air or outside the USA. Found in the EPOXIES section of our online store front.



Order this
					product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link: EPOXY NOW





low v™ ----------------------------------- 1.5 gal 
unit $138 ---- 48 oz unit $68  ----- (15 gal unit $1285)






A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find this product, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 






							COMMON APPLICATIONS: Shipping container floors, rot repair, 'spongy' boat 
deck repair, general purpose thin epoxy coating and sealer, (especially 
california where solvent based products cannot be sold), damp surfaces 
applications, marine blister repair


A clear, watery epoxy, used for all sorts of things, like sealing wood,
	cement etc. Mixed with solvent to form a penetrating epoxy and/or epoxy primer. 
	Unique product - bonds to damp or wet surfaces - like deck cores. Found in the EPOXIES section of
	our online store front. 

This product is a Progressive Epoxy 
Polymers, Inc. best selling, favorite product. Visit our FAVORITES - 7 
	EPOXIES THAT WILL FIX ANYTHING  web page 
at: 
epoxyproducts.com/favorites4u.html View other popular one-of-a-kind 
products.



Order this
					product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link: EPOXY NOW





ESP 155™ ------------------------------ 1/2 gal unit $80


This Product Has its Own Web Site - click here
 






A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find this product, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 






							COMMON APPLICATIONS: concrete wood and fiberglass sealer and bond enhancer, 
base coat under varnish and 2 part poly coatings, base coat and sealer on wood 
and old fiberglass boat hulls


A solvent based/thinned clear 
	cycloaliphatic (good thing!) epoxy for use as a primer, penetrating epoxy
	(on dry surfaces) or bond enhancer for other kinds of topcoats. Found in the EPOXIES section of our online store
	front. 

This product is a Progressive Epoxy 
Polymers, Inc. best selling, favorite product. Visit our FAVORITES - 7 
	EPOXIES THAT WILL FIX ANYTHING  web page 
at: 
epoxyproducts.com/favorites4u.html View other popular one-of-a-kind 
products.


Order this two 
					part 
EPOXY Product 
					NOW
					from our  large Primary web store 




Section 2 --- FILLERS (CLICK ON LINK BELOW FOR FULL PRODUCT DETAILS)


Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)


(http://www.epoxyproducts.com/2_fillers.html)



fumed silica ----------------------- 2  quarts $21.50


This Product Has its Own Web Site - click here

Most common thickener - weights almost nothing - so light it is a 'pain'
	to mix into the epoxies. One brand of fumed silica is known as Cab-o-Sil ®. Found in the FILLERS section of
	our online store front.


micro balloons/micro spheres ------ 2 quart 0.6 sg 
$17; 1 quart 0.28 sg $19

Very fine and light glass spheres added to epoxies to thicken and for
	easier sanding. May work like mini-ball bearings and cause epoxy to slump if used by itself. Found in the THICKENERS/FILLERS
	section of our online store front.


micro (POLY) fibers -------------------------2 quart $17

Reinforcing poly fibers often added to epoxy for greater internal strength.
	Found in the THICKENERS/FILLERS section of our online store front.




graphite powder ----------------- 1 lb (about 1 quart) $38

Graphite is added to epoxy to reduce friction (like in a centerboard truck)
	and/or for the midnight gray color it gives to the epoxy. Found in the THICKENERS/FILLERS section of our online
	store front.


wood flour --------------------------- 2 quart $17

Easy mix-in epoxy thickener, peanut butter color. Found in the THICKENERS/FILLERS
	section of our online store front.


EZ thick ------------------------------ 2 quart $17
 
Boat Parade - Seabrook TX about 1990
 

Easy mix-in epoxy thickener. Found in the THICKENERS/FILLERS section of
	our online store front.


rock flour ---------------------------- 2 quart $14

Rock dust for making 'rock hard' epoxy. Found in the THICKENERS/FILLERS
	section of our online store front.


epoxy/copper --



Due to new 
			environmental regulations regarding copper power we no longer sell 
			copper powder 
- find online at Ebay 
			(5 pounds) 
			and use with our 1.5 gal Low V epoxy kit





Section 3 --- THICK EPOXIES (CLICK ON LINK BELOW FOR FULL PRODUCT DETAILS)


Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)

(http://www.epoxyproducts.com/3_putty.html)
 
 
splash zone ------------------------ 2 gal unit $227 
--- 4 oz unit $36*

This is the original A - 788 Splash Zone underwater epoxy putty, now getting
	harder and harder to find.... Found in the EPOXY THICK/PUTTY section of our online store front.


epoxy cream™ ------------------- 1.5 gal unit $149  ---- 1.5 quart unit $64

A cream epoxy gel/putty with exceptionally long pot life. Creamy and it
	slides nicely off a putty knife. Found in the EPOXY THICK/PUTTY section of our online store front.


crack coat™ --------------------------------- 3 quart unit $108

A flexible epoxy gel that will cure 
	in damp and cool conditions. Used for sealing cracks and as an epoxy adhesive. Found in the EPOXY PAINTS section of our online store
	front.


wet/dry 700™ ------------------- 1 gal unit $136 ---- 1 quart unit $72  
---- (10 gal unit $1250)


This Product Has its Own Web Site - click here



"I'll 
stick with my original plan to use the Wet Dry 700 since it's a nuclear reactor 
application, and I know of two other reactors that have successfully used it" 
- Jeff  12/16


							COMMON APPLICATIONS: Patching holes voids and leaks, underwater repairs 
(pools, boats, tanks), rot repair, gluing, pipe wraps, vertical/overhead 
fiberglass repairs, marine blister repair






A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find this product, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 





 

Our premium, kevlar (tm) reinforced epoxy paste - can be applied underwater.
	Used forging and repairs. Found in the EPOXY THICK/PUTTY section of our online store front. 

This product is a Progressive Epoxy 
Polymers, Inc. best selling, favorite product. Visit our FAVORITES - 7 
	EPOXIES THAT WILL FIX ANYTHING  web page 
at: 
epoxyproducts.com/favorites4u.html View other popular one-of-a-kind 
products.


Order this two 
					part 
EPOXY Product 
					NOW
					from our  large Primary web store 


 


Order this 
					product also available from our second  simple web 
					storefront  BUY Product 
					NOW





Section 4 --- EPOXY PAINTS (CLICK ON LINK BELOW FOR FULL PRODUCT
	DETAILS)


Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)


(http://www.epoxyproducts.com/4_epoxypaint.html)
 
 
FC 2100 A ----------------------------- 1.5 gal unit 
$199  ---- 48 oz unit $82  (15 gal unit $1895)


This Product Has its Own Web Site - click here


	 







A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find this product, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 




The gray colored Kevlar (tm) reinforced Corro Coat FC 2100 epoxies all
	can be applied underwater. Often used as a barrier coat or bilge coating. A high end epoxy paint. Found in the
	EPOXY PAINTS section of our online store front.

 

The only Epoxy Paint 
reinforced with Kevlar (tm) microfibers and feldspar ceramic for an incredible 
hard and tough product plus enhanced abrasion resistance.. Can be applied Underwater too! Nothing else like it 
in the market.  


This product is a Progressive Epoxy 
Polymers, Inc. best selling, favorite product. Visit our FAVORITES - 7 
EPOXIES THAT WILL FIX ANYTHING  web page 
at: 
epoxyproducts.com/favorites4u.html View other popular one-of-a-kind 
products.
The original version. - 2 to 1 mix ratio.



Order this
					product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link: EPOXY NOW





FC 2100 fast ----------------------- 1.5 gal unit 
$215 ---- 48 oz unit $88

This version is for use in cold weather/water. - 2 to 1 mix ratio.



water gard 300™ ------------------ 3 gal unit 
	$415 ---- 3 quart unit $191 ---- 1.5 quart unit $132* 


	This Product Has its Own Web Site - click here
(the 1.5 quart kit includes two stab brushes, 2 
	sets of latex gloves and FREE SHIPPING in the lower 48 states) 



This product is a Progressive Epoxy 
Polymers, Inc. best selling, favorite product. Visit our FAVORITES - 7 
	EPOXIES THAT WILL FIX ANYTHING  web page 
at: 
epoxyproducts.com/favorites4u.html View other popular one-of-a-kind 
products.






A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find this product, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 



 






What Makes
								Water Gard 300 (tm) 
								A Superior Epoxy Coating For Your 
								Application?

Water Gard 300 is not a simple epoxy paint 
								but rather an epoxy adduct. In general terms 
								epoxy adducts have some of the Part A resin 
								added to the Part B curing agent during 
								manufacture. The result is improvement in most 
								of the coating's physical properties (which is 
								way you are using an epoxy in the first place). 
								This includes reduced yellowing, better curing 
								and a host of other property improvements. A 
								better epoxy for better results!
Learn more about epoxy 
								adducts at the
								
								Vanguard Concrete Coating web site.




 
 

A high end, solvent free epoxy paint available in blue or white. Our best
		selling barrier coat epoxy. This version has a little bit of flex to it. - 2 to 1 mix ratio.
 Found in the EPOXY PAINTS section of our
		online store front. 

This product is a Progressive Epoxy 
Polymers, Inc. best selling, favorite product. Visit our FAVORITES - 7 
		EPOXIES THAT WILL FIX ANYTHING  web page 
at: 
epoxyproducts.com/favorites4u.html View other popular one-of-a-kind 
products.




Order this
					product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link: EPOXY NOW


 


CM 15 ----------------------------------- 1 gal unit $100 
	- not for sale in S Calif






A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find this product, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 






A top quality solvent based epoxy paint with extremely long pot life and
		plenty of flex (unlike most brittle epoxy paints). Used as an epoxy paint/barrier coat. Found in the EPOXY PAINTS
		section of our online storefront.


Order this two 
					part 
EPOXY Product 
					NOW
					from our  large Primary web store 




water prime™ ---------------------- 40 oz. unit 
	$36 --- 1 gal unit $90

A gray or clear, water based epoxy primer and sealer. Applies much
		like latex paint, easy water cleanup. Found in the EPOXY PAINTS section of our online store front.


rough coat™ ------------------------------ 1 gal 
	unit $91 --- 8 oz test  unit $23.50

Tan colored, solvent based floor epoxy with non-slip grit mixed
		in. Found in the EPOXY PAINTS section of our online store. Texture 
		suitable for bare feet.


LiquaTile 1172 
------------------------------------------ 3 quart unit $188 



							This Product Has its Own Web Site - click here


Hello Paul - I just wanted to say thank you for your help and knowledge. I am very 
grateful. I finished painting my water tanks (liqua tile 1172 epoxy)and after 5 days of curing, I 
filled them and closed them up yesterday. My only regret is that all this 
wonderful work I’ve done is now closed up and buried. You provide a great 
service and I just wanted to say that it is appreciated. All the best." 
	- Bryan


	 





A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find this product, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 






A potable water epoxy for tanks as 
	small as 50 gallons. Color - white. 2 to 1 mix ratio. Found in the EPOXY PAINTS section of our online store front.








We really appreciate 
you visiting PROGRESSIVE EPOXY POLYMERS, INC. and our web site: 
EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM.  Take advantage of the CONTACT links on this page to ask 
questions about our products and/or your projects. You can stay in touch with us 
via our NEWSLETTER (link on our
contact page) which is 
emailed  every 6-8 weeks.


This 
current page is all about:

One Line Marine 
Epoxy Summary Page
Epoxy Product Listings Prices 
marine repair products
marine epoxy catalog summary page













WOW! 


 35% 
			- 40% of all daily online or telephone orders are from existing  
			customers. That's an amazing 'REPEAT 
			CUSTOMER" number.








							EPOXY-ONLY WEB SEARCH


603 - 435 - 
			7199 ANYTIME 24/7 FOR HELP OR ORDERS



















 


Section 5 --- URETHANES AND NON-EPOXY COATINGS (CLICK ON LINK BELOW
	FOR FULL PRODUCT DETAILS)


Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)

(http://www.epoxyproducts.com/5_urethane.html)
 
 
aluthane™ 
	---------------------------------------------------------------- 1 quart $40 ---- 1 gal $100


	This Product Has its Own Web Site - click here


	 







A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find this product, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 





							COMMON APPLICATIONS: rust preventing coating on metal structures (including 
bridges and fences),, trailers, replacing failing galvanized surfaces, aluminum 
boat sealing and top coat, perfect on most outdoor surfaces, auto restoration, 
hot temperature applications, applying in cold conditions, concrete, wood, metal 
floors, primer on wood and fiberglass boat repair, popular with tear drop 
	trailer builders 
	One of the major differences with our Aluthane MCU and other aluminum MCU 
	coatings is that we use 100% urethane resin and all (or just about everyone 
	else) thins or dilutes their urethane resin so that the end product is less 
	than 100% urethane resin and aluminum. The difference with these cost 
	cutting/profit enhancing measures is a product that just doesn't perform or 
	last as long as our pure resin system. Over time the differences are easy to 
	observe and I have actual customers that have tried the competition, but 
	then come back to our Aluthane MCU.

 


An aluminum filled, moisture cured urethane. Amazing coating. Great primer
		and sealer and topcoat. Found in the NON - EPOXY COATINGS section of our online store front. 

This product is a Progressive Epoxy 
Polymers, Inc. best selling, favorite product. Visit our FAVORITES - 7 
		EPOXIES THAT WILL FIX ANYTHING  web page 
at: 
epoxyproducts.com/favorites4u.html View other popular one-of-a-kind 
products.


Order this two 
					part 
EPOXY Product 
					NOW
					from our  large Primary web store 


 


acrylic poly UV plus 
	-------------------------------------------------- 1 gal $149 clear gloss 


	This Product Has its Own Web Site - click here


	 







A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find this product, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 






A clear 2 part acrylic polyurethane coating. Special due to the use of
		max. amounts of UV blocker in it. Will keep epoxies from yellowing. Found in the NON - EPOXY COATINGS section of
		our online store front.


Order this two 
					part 
EPOXY Product 
					NOW
					from our  large Primary web store 


 


polyester poly 
	-------------------------------------------------- 1 gal $150

A clear 2 part polyester  
		polyurethane coating. The best 2 part LPU  clear coat available. 
		see 
		www.epoxyproducts.com/lpu.html  Found in the NON - EPOXY COATINGS section of
		our online store front.


SU 94 fast reducer ----------------------------------------------------- 1 quart $21

A 'fast' solvent for use with two part polyurethanes. Found in the NON
		- EPOXY COATINGS section of our online store front.


SU 93 slow reducer --------------------------------------------------- 1 quart $21

A 'solvent' solvent for use with two part polyurethanes. Found in the
		NON - EPOXY COATINGS section of our online store front.


india spar varnish ----------------------------------------------------- 1 quart $39


	This Product Has its Own Web Site - click here

A solvent based, traditional, hard-to-find classic varnish. Found in the
		NON - EPOXY COATINGS section of our online store front. Cannot be sold in California.


LPU marine™ -------------------------------------------------------------- 1.5 gal
	unit $199

Two part polyester polyurethane coatings. White only. Found in the NON
		- EPOXY COATINGS section of our online store front. Approved for use only on boats, cars, planes, etc. Cannot be
		sold in southern California.


Order this two 
					part 
EPOXY Product 
					NOW
					from our  large Primary web store 





Section 6 --- ANTI SLIP PRODUCTS (CLICK ON LINK BELOW FOR FULL PRODUCT
	DETAILS)

Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)

(http://www.epoxyproducts.com/6_nonskid.html)
 

	ground walnut --------------------- 1 quart $8.50 (coarse, med, fine)

Ground walnut shell powder used with coatings as a non-slip additive.
		Comes in three grades. Found in the THICKENERS/FILLERS/ADDITIVES section of our online store front.


S-15 --------------------- 1 pint $15

A very fine white anti slip grit that becomes clear when added to thin
		solvent based coatings. Found in the THICKENERS/FILLERS section of our online store front.



Section 7 --- OTHER REPAIR PRODUCTS (CLICK ON LINK BELOW FOR FULL PRODUCT
	DETAILS)

(http://www.epoxyproducts.com/7_repair.html)
 
 
fiberglass ----------------------------------------------- 3 in x 50 yards $62   /    4
	in x 50 yards $72

Fiberglass cloth and 3 inch, 4 inch,  Found
		in the MISC. PRODUCTS section of our online store front.


pipe wrap 
	----------------------------------------------- 2 x 60 inch $26 ---- 4 in
	x 30 ft $73  -- FREE SHIPPING!

Water activated fiberglass cloth kits for pipe repairs and reinforcing.
		Found in the MISC. PRODUCTS section of our online store front.


Capt Tolley's creeping crack cure ---- 2 oz $13 
	plus shipping --- 8 oz $23 plus free lower 48 state shipping
(8 OZ OUT OF STOCK UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE)
 

Polymer based sealer for hairline cracks and leaks. Found in the MISC.
		PRODUCTS section of our online store front.



Section 8 --- MISC. (CLICK ON LINK BELOW FOR FULL PRODUCT DETAILS)


Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)

(http://www.epoxyproducts.com/8_misc.html)
 

	TA 661 ---------------------------------------------------------- 1 gal $63 ---- 1 quart $29

Non solvent cleaner of uncured epoxy, also adds flex to epoxy, and used
		on trowels as a troweling aid for trowel down epoxy finishes. Found in the MISC. PRODUCTS section of our online
		store front.


short nap roller 
	------------------------------------------- $8.00 for 9 inch roller.
	$15.00 for six 3 inch rollers

Short nap epoxy/adhesive roller (stnd 9 inch or 3 inch) for use with sticky
		epoxies. Found in the MISC. PRODUCTS section of our online store front.


pumps for 1.5 gal Basic No Blush and Low V epoxy 
	---- $15  (two pumps)

Found with the Basic and Low V epoxy in the in the EPOXIES section of
		our online store front.


roller cage for 3 inch rollers  (two cages) ------------------- $10
Mount the 3 inch rollers onto this 3 inch roller holder. Found in the
	MISC. PRODUCTS section of our online store front.

brushes 1 inch foam 24 count (limit 4) ---- $15

Found in the MISC. PRODUCTS section of our online store front.


brushes 2 inch bristle -------------------------------- $16 (for six brushes)

Found in the MISC. PRODUCTS section of our online store front.



        brushes - epoxy 'stab' brushes 3 inch with short 3/4 inch long bristles ----- $16 (for
six brushes)

Found in the MISC. PRODUCTS section of our online store front.

Warm Tone Dye (Crysta Lac) -------------------------------------------------------
	4 oz $15.95

Add to clear solvent based coatings, resins and varnish to add or enhance
		the 'warm' amber tint found in traditional varnishes and topcoats. Found in the NON EPOXY PRODUCTS section of our
		online store front.


tongue depressors ------------------------------------ $16

500 'senior tongue depressors - approx. 6 inch by 5/8 inch. Found in the
		MISC. PRODUCTS section of our online store front.


epoxy pigment -------------------------------------------- $31

Use to tint or pigment clear epoxies. One quart unit will make 3 gallons
		of pigmented epoxy or many more gallons of 'slightly tinted' epoxy. Colors: tile red, black, white, dark brown,
		yellow. Found in the MISC. PRODUCTS section of our online store front.


wood veneer 
	---------------------------------------------- $13*

Five sheets of adhesive backed cherry veneer (about the color of fresh
		plywood). 7.75 by 11 inch. Grains goes 'short way.' Easy to stain any color.
Found in the MISC. PRODUCTS section of our online store front.


pint cans ---------------------------------------------------- $14.50

Six metal pint cans with lids. Found in the MISC. PRODUCTS section of
		our online store front.


wet film thickness gauge ------------------------ $5.50*

Insert this comb like plastic gauge into a wet coating and read the coating
		thickness in mils or microns.Found in the MISC. PRODUCTS section of our online store front.


* denotes - price includes shipping within
	the lower 48 US states







										Let's stay connected.
It's a win-win situation. Receive 
										our online NEWSLETTER by
										
										emailing us your name and email 
										address.




 








 
 



MARINE CATALOG


				HOME/DIY/COMMERCIAL CATALOG


 
 



Section One 
TWO PART MARINE EPOXIES- CLEAR EPOXIES

basic no 
				blush (tm)

Section A EPOXY PAINTS
corro coat FC 2100; NSP 120; water gard 300; coal
tar ; CM 15; crack coat™ 



Section Two FILLERS THICKENERS ADDITIVESfumed silica; microsphere/balloons; poly fibers; copper; graphite; wood flour; EZ thick; rock flour
 

Section B FLOOR EPOXIES (regular and non-skid products), SEALERS, ACCESSORIES
water bond (water based); solvent free industrial floor epoxy; bio
vee seal; water based floor epoxy, floor epoxy 
with grit; walnut shell


Section Three THICKENED EPOXIES - EPOXY PUTTIES, ETC.wet/dry 700; splash zone 
				a-788


Section C 
THICKENED EPOXIES - EPOXY PUTTIES, ETC.

wet/dry 700; splash zone A-788, 



Section Four 
TWO PART EPOXY PAINTS (barrier coats)corro coat FC 2100; water gard 300; CM 15; EZ Spray; epoxy primer; crack coat™



Section D CLEAR TWO PART EPOXIES
low V epoxy; basic no blush; 
ESP 155; 
Bio-Clear 810



Section Five URETHANES AND NON-EPOXY COATINGS Aluthane (aluminum coating);
LPU Marine

Section E 
NON-EPOXY PAINTS SEALERS
Aluthane moisture cured urethane; Acrylic Poly UV Plus 
and other 2 part polys ; 
Capt.
Tolley's creeping crack sealer


Section Six NON-SKID DECK COATINGSwalnut shell
 

Section F 
MIX-IN ADDITIVES
fumed silica; fiber fill; micro balloons/micro-spheres; graphite; wood flour; EZ thick, rock flour


Section Seven MARINE REPAIR PRODUCTSpipe wrap; fiberglass tape (cloth); Capt. Tolley's Creeping Crack Cure

 


Section Eight MISC. MARINE PRODUCTSshort nap rollers; TA 661 (solvent free epoxy clean-up); 1 inch foam brushes; 2 inch
bristle brushes; tongue depressors


HELP PAGE

 INDEX




One page 
				summary/prices - marine catalog


One page 
				summary/prices -DIY/HOME catalog





				BUY FROM PRIMARY STOREFRONT



				BUY FROM PRIMARY STOREFRONT




internet 
				boat links page


internet 
				floor links page

Internet 
				DIY repair links page




									Call (603-435-7199) or
									
									EMAIL with questions /phone orders etc. about what you're doing. We try 
									to earn your business one phone call at a 
									time!
 


 
 



 
 




Google Industry 
			Specific Search
Marine Epoxy, Boat Repair/Building

CLICK HERE


















 






Progressive 
			Epoxy Polymers'  Paul Oman 
solo sailing his 
			former Coronado 25, "Temptress "
on Galveston Bay 
			- early 1990s


 




Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc.

www.epoxyproducts.com





 


disclaimers


terms of web use


legal stuff
 


 






 


 

site master

			greatthings4u gifts

protagonist

			paul oman

ground zero

pittsfield/northwood 
			NH
 








Epoxy Product Listings Prices marine repair products
marine epoxy catalog summary page
 




Help Page - 
			Catalog 
			Page Links



 
####
\








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Pipe Repair Wrap Systems, fiberglass tape, epoxy Catalog 







LEAK REPAIR FIBERGLASS TAPE 
AND SUPPLIES




							EPOXY-ONLY WEB SEARCH
  

COMMERCIAL / 
DIY CATALOG
SECTION G
Other Products
(fiberglass 
cloth/tape, etc.)
 
 
repair products 
- links for pipe repair, concrete cracks - fiberglass epoxy etc. CATALOG
 
Pipe Repair Wrap 
Systems, fiberglass tape, epoxy Catalog 
 
LINKS TO OTHER CATALOG SECTIONS LOCATED AT
BOTTOM OF PAGE
CLICK
HERE TO GOTO OUR USER NOTES SECTION: FEEDBACK FROM FOLKS
WHO HAVE USED THIS AND OUR OTHER PRODUCTS.
PROGRESSIVE EPOXY 
POLYMERS, INC.
 





  









PAGE AND SITE 
			NAVIGATION







keywords= epoxy
 



DIY/INDUST
NAVIGATION
BAR


Main
			Home Page ====>*


Res/Ind
			Home Page ====>*


Res/Ind
			Catalog Contents Page ====>*



Res/Ind
			Online Catalog Page ====>*


Contact
			Page /Link to Storefront/Ordering
*


This is a Catalog Page
(gold background)


HELP Page




Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc.


..


..


..


.YOUR ARE HERE.


..


..


MSDS /DATA



FYI: catalog pages are blue (marine) or yellow (home/indust), info pages are green,
	product pages are purple, core pages are gray
No Sales Tax applied. Save Money, you're shopping
in Tax Free New Hampshire

 








NOTICE: Legal notices, Terms of Service, warranty information, disclaimers, health warnings,
			etc. are required reading before using website, ordering and/or using Products. Any such use and/or ordering, online
			or by telephone, shall constitute acceptance and knowledge of all such terms.

CLICK HERE (www.epoxyproducts.com/legal.html) to access these terms.




MEMBER:  
Internet Epoxy Confederation (IEC - 
CLICK HERE TO VISIT) -- "Where Professionalism Still Matters"



We've been selling epoxy - marine epoxy (boat building - wood / fiberglass 
repair) industrial coatings - garage paint -

underwater epoxies - thick
putties - tabletop resins and supplies since the early 1990's








"You provide outstanding products, and Fantastic 
			Support. Thank You."
				
				Brian S. 
				(call 603 435 7199 anytime)

				"Thanks for all your advice, tips & moral support 
				concerning my project. It turned out beautiful. Quality people backing a quality product is the 
				only way to go!"
				

				Joe

  


PRODUCTS
 


Water-Activated Pipe-Wrap: KEEP ONE OR TWO
KITS ON BOARD/AT HOME TO FIX THOSE PLUMBING LEAKS AND/OR REINFORCE THOSE OLD RUBBER HOSES -- A CHEAP QUICK FIX!



Lots of companies sell water activated, polyurethane resin/fiberglass cloth pipe wrap kits. They have become mainstay
repair products in industrial setting, among homeowners, and aboard pleasure and commercial craft. These fiberglass
tape kits are used to repair plumbing pipes, PVC pipes, rubber and plastic tubing, fiberglass and other metallic
piping. Can be applied even underwater! Handles temperatures from steam systems to engine mufflers. Resists fuels
and hydraulic fluids. Handles pressures up to 600 psi (for higher pressures use our epoxies and fiberglass cloth).
Our kits include a fast setting epoxy putty to plug the hole or leak prior to wrapping, as well as gloves to protect
your hands. Keep a kit or two around for those sudden emergencies or to simply reinforce or strengthen all sorts
of piping and tubing. We're much cheaper than all or most of our competitors such as Stop-It (tm) etc.
Your other option is to use the fiberglass tape above and usually our WET DRY 700 epoxy
putty to create an epoxy pipe wrap. This is a stronger system than the water activated wraps and is often used
for large pipe repair/wrap projects in industrial plants. See our page - www.epoxyproducts.com/pipewrap.html for more details.

Visit our page on pipe wrap repair options - CLICK HERE
NON HAZMAT (CAN SHIP BY AIR
AND/OR OUTSIDE THE USA)

2 inch by 60 inch wrap - $26 FREE SHIPPING
4 inch by 30 ft wrap - $73 FREE SHIPPING


	 






We really appreciate 
you visiting PROGRESSIVE EPOXY POLYMERS, INC. and our web site: 
EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM.  Take advantage of the CONTACT links on this page to ask 
questions about our products and/or your projects. You can stay in touch with us 
via our NEWSLETTER (link on our
contact page) which is 
emailed  every 6-8 weeks.


This 
current page is all about:
LEAK REPAIR 
FIBERGLASS TAPE 
AND SUPPLIES
repair products - 
links for pipe repair, concrete cracks - fiberglass epoxy etc. CATALOG
Pipe Repair Wrap Systems, fiberglass tape, epoxy Catalog 


 



Why 
				Buy From  us -
				CLICK




				marine epoxy pricing -
				CLICK  
				-------  evaluate epoxy vendors -
				CLICK 
				




				product user feedback -
				CLICK 
				-------- who we are -
				CLICK



INDUSTRIAL 
				PRODUCTS BROUGHT TO THE HOME MARKET



 



Contact
			Page /Link to Storefront/Ordering



 













WOW! 


 35% 
			- 40% of all daily online or telephone orders are from existing  
			customers. That's an amazing 'REPEAT 
			CUSTOMER" number.








							EPOXY-ONLY WEB SEARCH


603 - 435 - 
			7199 ANYTIME 24/7 FOR HELP OR ORDERS





















 







			NEXT

			PRODUCT
below










OUR BEST SELLING PRODUCT IN THIS CATALOG SECTION!
TA 661:

A solvent free alternative to lacquer thinner or MEK for cleaning uncured epoxy off hands
and tools. Soak your epoxy covered brushes, etc. in TA 661 overnight and they will be ready to reuse in the morning.
Non evaporating (no need to cover your 'soaking pot'), reuse over and over. Works on uncured epoxy, but have had
some reports of it success with 'just recently hard' epoxy too.
Also use as a flexibilizer in other epoxies - will also blister dried enamel and varnish
overnight.
I also use it as the final step in cleaning brushes (enamels, latex, polyurethane, even
epoxy). No matter how much a solvent (or water) rinse my paintbrushes after use, when I get back to them they are
hard and stiff. Now I dip or soak the 'so-called' clean brush in the TA then shake or spin the TA out of the brush.
The result is a non-stiff, non-sticky, non-oily brush ready for use on my next project.
It gets even better! I finally found a way to reuse brushes full of epoxy resin (instead
of tossing the brush after every epoxy 'encounter'. When you are done with the epoxy - squeeze out as much of the
epoxy from the brush as you can. Then rinse brush once or twice with solvent. Now put the brush into a jar of TA
661. The TA will not evaporate so you don't need a lid on the jar. When you return at a later time pull out the
brush - squeeze/spin the TA 661 out of the brush. You now have a clean soft brush ready for the next batch of epoxy!
You can also put the brush in the freezer - it slows the epoxy reaction down enough that the brush is still usable
the next day.
It also works with brushes you've cleaned after using them with latex or enamel. These
'clean' brushes tend (at least for me) to get stiff when they fully dry. A dip and spin in the TA keeps them 'like
new' flexible.



NON HAZMAT (CAN SHIP BY AIR
AND/OR OUTSIDE THE USA)
1 gallon - $63
1 quart - $29
CLICK HERE FOR DATA SHEET & MSDS




	 

 



Contact
			Page /Link to Storefront/Ordering



 







			NEXT

			PRODUCT
below







Fiberglass Tape/cloth: (often used 
with epoxy resins)
USE THIS PRODUCT FOR PIPE WRAP REPAIRS OF PIPELINES AND TUBING - CLICK HERE
3 inch wide by 50 yard roll - $62
4 inch wide by 50 yard roll - $72
Above tapes often used for boat building (often stitch and glue construction) also for
pipe repair/wrap projects.






 





PRODUCT NOTES/COMMENTS:

The 2009 West Marine Catalog (page 222) sells the
4 inch wide fiberglass for $3.99 per yard, and the 38 inch wide for $16.99

- note: better order this over the phone - the online shipping charge calculations go crazy when ordering lots
of feet of this fiberglass (min shipping charges times, say, 25 for 25 feet of cloth)




 
 
 
 
 









 
CATALOG LINKS
SECTION A:epoxy
paints
SECTION B (this section): floor products
SECTION C: thickened
epoxies - epoxy putties etc.
SECTION D: clear
epoxies - clear coatings
SECTION E: non-epoxy
paints coatings sealers
SECTION F: mix-in
additives
SECTION G: other
products
SECTION H: surface
preparation products
SECTION I : misc.
accessories
 
Contact
			Page /Link to Storefront/Ordering





FIND - BUY 

THESE

			PRODUCTS

(click 
			here)
IN 
			OUR ONLINE 

STORE FRONT



 


















											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 

#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches

#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches

#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											



											company video




											Contact Page














 




Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc.

www.epoxyproducts.com





 


disclaimers


terms of web use


legal stuff
 


 






 


 

site master

			greatthings4u gifts

protagonist

			paul oman

ground zero

pittsfield/northwood 
			NH
 




 


Contact
			- Store Front Page Link
Link to Storefront/Ordering
BUY OUR 
EPOXY PRODUCTS NOW - (or ask us questions!)

 
repair products - 
links for pipe repair, concrete cracks - fiberglass epoxy etc. CATALOG
Pipe Repair Wrap Systems, fiberglass tape, epoxy Catalog 
####









ESP 155 Solvent Thinned Commercial Epoxy Sealer Primer










EPOXY PRIMER - EPOXY SEALER
PROGRESSIVE EPOXY 
POLYMERS, INC.
Nothing but Quality 
Products at Good Prices, Great Customer Service, and Lots and Lots of Helpful 
Information
and NO SALES TAX - You 
are shopping in TAX FREE New Hampshire





APPREHENSIVE?
							New to Epoxies? (They can be $$$). 
							Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL) and put yourself at ease with a 1 on 1 
							conversation about your project, which products will 
							work best for you, and how to use them. After 
							purchase "handholding", support, and encouragement 
							are also available anytime. We freely share our 20 
							plus years of epoxy experience and problem solving 
							experience.  If our owner, Paul Oman, 
							is not available he will return your call quickly. 
							Emails are answered all day long. Without potential 
							customers, repeat customers, and friends like you 
							that want some free, quick advice, New Hampshire 
							based Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc., 
							a Better Business Bureau member, would not exist. 

							Thank you
							in advance and 
							thank you
							for visiting epoxyproducts.com. We 
							appreciate your interest in our company.

							 PRIMARY 
			STORE LINK ---
			TOP SELLING 
			PRODUCTS --- EPOXY GURU HELP 
			SITE --- 
			EPOXY DATA SHEETS

You won't learn if you don't ask!




 

THE 
ESP 155 (tm)  PAGE - AN INDUSTRIAL 
CLEAR, SOLVENT THINNED, EPOXY PRODUCT
ESP = Epoxy Sealer Primer

ABSOLUTE BEST 
SOURCE for epoxy information, options, USA made products, 24/7/365 help, and 
support 

(EMAIL 
603 435 7199)

Our ESP 155 ™ is a solvent thinned epoxy, classified as a ‘waterproofing' coating and has a VOC level of 239 g/l.
This is a legally acceptable level of solvents for a waterproof coating except in parts of southern California,
where this product cannot be sold or used. Use on weathered fiberglass boat 
hulls, trailers etc. Use to seal 
wood or concrete, prime and seal concrete floors or under 
varnish on table tops as a primer, sealer or tie coat. 
READ HOW THIS 
AMAZING EPOXY CAN MAKE ALL YOUR PROJECTS BETTER
 




best option 
			for outdoors





 



Minwax (tm) oil 
			stain - left to dry for 2 weeks - 2 coats ESP 155 epoxy sealer and 
			primer - 4 coats of India Spar Varnish (note ESP 155 and Varnish not 
			for sale in California)



 



ESP 155 Solvent Thinned Commercial Epoxy Sealer 
Primer
Solvent thinned epoxy for sealing priming and waterproofing - Compare to XYZ 
Brand











 
Your Host and Tour Guide:
Paul Oman, MS, MBA - Progressive Epoxy Polymers,
Inc. (floor epoxies,
marine epoxies, underwater epoxies, repair epoxies)
Member: NACE (National Assoc. of
Corrosion Engineers), SSPC (Soc. of Protective Coatings)
WoodenBoat Marketplace sponsor: www.woodenboat.com/business/category/adhesivescoatings/
"Professionals helping Professionals"

PROGRESSIVE EPOXY 
POLYMERS, INC.














											WHO ARE WE? Watch our short 2-minute 
											
											Progressive Epoxy Polymers video






















PAGE AND SITE 
			NAVIGATION










 

..





MARINE
NAVIGATION
BAR


Main
			Home Page ====>*


Marine
			Home Page ====>*


Marine Catalog Contents Page ====>*


Marine
			Online Catalog Page ====>*


Contact
			Page /Link to Storefront/Ordering
*


This is a Product Page
(purple background)


HELP Page




Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc.


..


..


..


..


..


.YOU ARE HERE.


 MSDS
			/DATA






DIY/INDUST
NAVIGATION
BAR


Main
			Home Page ====>*


Res/Ind
			Home Page ====>*


Res/Ind
			Catalog Contents Page ====>*


Res/Ind
			Online Catalog Page ====>*


Contact
			Page /Link to Storefront/IOrdering
*


This is a Product Page
(purple background)


HELP Page




Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc.


..


..


..


..


..


.YOU ARE HERE.


 MSDS
			/DATA



FYI: catalog pages are blue (marine) or yellow (home/indust), info pages are green,
product pages are purple, core pages are gray

 No Sales Tax applied. Save Money, you're shopping
in Tax Free New Hampshire










											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 

#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches

#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches

#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											



											company video




											Contact Page


 












NOTICE: Legal notices, Terms of Service, warranty information, disclaimers, health warnings,
			etc. are required reading before using website, ordering and/or using Products. Any such use and/or ordering, online
			or by telephone, shall constitute acceptance and knowledge of all such terms.

CLICK HERE (www.epoxyproducts.com/legal.html) to access these terms.




MEMBER:  
Internet Epoxy Confederation (IEC - 
CLICK HERE TO VISIT) -- "Where Professionalism Still Matters"



We've been selling epoxy - marine epoxy (boat building - wood / fiberglass 
repair) industrial coatings - garage paint -

underwater epoxies - thick
putties - tabletop resins and supplies since the early 1990's















"Thanks for the help on the phone yesterday 
with the 2100F epoxy. Using a smaller batch in a wide tray worked out great. I 
appreciate your help, and especially that you are available by phone...and 
answer the phone. Thanks again". ---- Tim  9/16


							"Paul Oman (owner of Progressive Epoxy - 603 435 
7199) is a very knowledgeable man , and freely shares his knowledge. His 
products are high quality and as represented. And he answers his phone." 
Ralph


			"You provide outstanding products, and Fantastic 
			Support. Thank You."
				

				Brian S.
				

"Thanks for all your advice, tips & moral support 
				concerning my project. It turned out beautiful. Quality people backing a quality product is the 
				only way to go!"
				

Joe

 




sealing and priming 
rotten wood 
with ESP 155 epoxy







ESP 155 (tm) solvent thinned epoxy (classification:
waterproof ) for Concrete, wood, old fiberglass etc.
ESP = Epoxy 
Sealer  Primer
(cannot be 
sold in California)
BEST USES FOR ESP 155 EPOXY
 














																			Why 
																			ESP 
																			155 
																			epoxy 
																			sealer 
																			and 
																			primer 
																			is 
																			the 
																			BEST 
																			in 
																			its 
																			class:



																			1) 
																			Uses 
																			superior 
																			CYCLOALIPHATIC 
																			curing 
																			agents 
																			and 
																			epoxy 
																			ADDUCT 
																			formulation



																			2) 
																			solvent 
																			based 
																			for 
																			better 
																			penetration



																			3) 
																			moisture 
																			tolerant, 
																			very 
																			low 
																			viscosity



																			4) 
																			strong 
																			user 
																			support 
																			/ 
																			feedback


5) 
																			24/7 
																			support
NO SALES TAX - You 
are shopping in TAX FREE


New Hampshire 
																			- 
																			New 
																			England's 
																			"Granite 
																			State"
																			 



 








THIS PRODUCT
xx
 


																	 EMAIL   US
xx


 
 
 
 
 




air shippable
 
 



cycloaliphatic system
xx




no nonyl phenol
 
 



epoxy adduct system
xx


multi curing agents
 
 
bulk pricing
 


solvent free
 
 
no Calif. sales
xx


2 part epoxy
xx
 
2 part poly
 


apply underwater
 
 
bubble breakers
 


favorite(s) product list
xx
 
data sheets
xx


PACKING - jugs/bottles
 
 
PACKING - cans
xx


find in non marine cat
xx
 
find in marine catalog
xx


PRICES/ind/commercial
xx
 
PRICES/marine section
xx


BUY onlinesimple store
 
 
BUY online 
primary store
xx


home page
xx
 
contact page
xx





 






							Data/MSDS sheets for this product
Homepage or
Epoxy Guru Site
COMMON APPLICATIONS: concrete wood and fiberglass sealer and bond enhancer, 
base coat under varnish and 2 part poly coatings, base coat and sealer on wood 
and old fiberglass boat hulls


CALL for more INFO/ORDER 

							603 435 7199


 
1) PRIMER 
SEALER FOR CONCRETE FLOORS
often used 
under decorative or pigmented epoxy floor coating to improve bonding and 
adhesion and to reduce or stop outgassing of air from the concrete which will 
cause bubbles in the thicker epoxy floor paint. (will your floor epoxy vendor 
even tell you this?). Also when you cannot perform professional concrete floor 
prep (usually with s shot blast machine). And also important on floors that seem 
a bit weak or dusty (epoxy floor paints are surface bond only  so a weak 
surface is a crisis waiting to happen).
See floor links page. 
- and our other page 
on concrete sealing.






Best advice from an 
			Epoxy PRO on how to avoid a $$$ DIY epoxy floor disaster
(you won't learn 
			this on any other epoxy floor site)
If 
			any of the following apply or might apply to you:
1) no 
			vapor barrier, or don't know if there is a vapor barrier under your 
			slab; 2) suspect there might be moisture issues in/on the slab; 3) 
			suspect the concrete was not 'vibrated down' and contains lots of 
			air spaces (which can cause bubbles and blisters in the wet epoxy); 
			4) cannot professionally prep the floor (usually means a shot blast 
			contractor); 5) any existing coating on the floor is peeling and 
			lifting; 6) the concrete seems dusty, gritty, weak or crumbling; 7) 
			you are worried about "hot tire pickup" lifting off your epoxy 
			floor; 8) you have oil stains on the floor (especially OLD oil 
			stains).......
If so, 
			consider putting an inexpensive epoxy primer / sealer (such as
			ESP 155 - an
			Internet 
			Favorite epoxy coating - not for sale in California) on the 
			entire floor or over those potential trouble spots. Then wait a few 
			weeks or months and see what happens. If everything looks great it 
			is very likely that a 'fancy' epoxy top coat will be successful and 
			probably issue free. You might even decide to just keep the sealed 
			floor and skip the thicker mostly decorative (or at least thicker 
			and pigmented) epoxy top coat (such as 0% VOC INDUSTRIAL 
			FLOOR EPOXY). 
If 
			problems developed with the thin, nearly clear ESP 155 epoxy sealer, 
			it is not that big a deal. No worse than having some deck/porch 
			enamel paint lift and peel. You won't trip over it, it is not so 'in 
			your face', and you saved big $$$ that you would have spent on the 
			epoxy, paint chip, top coat. Some existing concrete surfaces are 
			just not good candidates for an epoxy coating. 
QUESTIONS?
			
			email OR call 603 435 7199.
			Floor Links 
			Page. Learn all about epoxy floors.




 













WOW! 


 35% 
			- 40% of all daily online or telephone orders are from existing  
			customers. That's an amazing 'REPEAT 
			CUSTOMER" number.








							EPOXY-ONLY WEB SEARCH


603 - 435 - 
			7199 ANYTIME 24/7 FOR HELP OR ORDERS





















 
Have a concrete floor 
	that needs protecting? 
Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)
2) 
INEXPENSIVE EPOXY FLOOR
after you 
have sealed the concrete with ESP 155 you will have a clear glossy (looks like a 
water spill) very thin coat of epoxy on the surface. It will probably not be 
thick epoxy to level and fill chips other flaws, but it will be a waterproof 
layer of chemical resistant epoxy. If this was your objective you could stop 
here and optionally paint the ESP 155 with enamel or latex paint for looks only, 
or leave it plain. Since a half gal kit of ESP 155 covers about 150 square feet 
this is a way to get a relatively inexpensive, high quality (but not so pretty) 
epoxy floor. 
Have a concrete floor 
	that needs protecting? 
Worried about cost?Let's talk (603 - 435 - 
	7199 or 
							EMAIL)
3) 
FIBERGLASS PRIMER (especially boat hulls)
old and 
weathered fiberglass is not a good surface to simply paint over. This is 
especially true when working on old fiberglass boat bottoms. Often old boat 
bottoms are sand blasted back down to the old fiberglass. The blasting itself 
introduces microscopic chips and cracks. Blasting or sanding imbeds 
sanding/blasting dust into the old fiberglass surface. A coat of ESP 155 will 
seal any micro factures, seal any weathered fiberglass dust and provide a fresh, 
clean new bonding surface for your paint or
marine barrier coat epoxy.
Worried about that old 
	fiberglass surface? 
Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)
4) WOOD 
SEALER AND ROT PREVENTER
ESP 155  
is used on new or fresh wood surfaces to prevent future rot. Customers use it on 
outside window sills and frames. I have used it on replacement wood siding. 
After using this epoxy it is paint over. I have commercial customers that use it 
on wood before paint to get a smoother and more durable paint finish. See 
picture above. More on ROT.
 







 




											Before



											boat is sad shape





											After Staining




											And ESP 155 epoxy






											Boat Restoration



											Using ESP 155



											solvent based 



											epoxy sealer 



											and primer



											Find this epoxy on 



											our 
											favorites page






 
 
 






 
Have a damp area that is 
	sure to rot? 
Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)
5) UNDER 
VARNISH FOR LONGER LIVE
Epoxy under 
old fashion marine varnish is a win-win combination. The epoxy sealer stablizes 
the wood surface and the varnish provides needed UV protection. The varnish can 
also be waxed to a mirror like finish. Many folks think they want a poured epoxy 
table top or bar top, but really would be better off with a thin coat of epoxy 
like ESP 155 with a top coat of our
marine spar varnish 
(varnish not for sale in California). See cart picture example at top of this 
page site.
Want max life on that 
	varnish coated surface? 
Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL) 

							....................................................
The EPOXY GURU - Internet's most popular 
epoxy repair/help site. Leave your questions for the everyone's favorite Guru.

7 epoxies/coatings to fix 'darn near' everything 
							- today's 
							best coating technologies
ESP 155 IS ONE OF THESE EPOXIES


See how Sunken Yacht is saved by
							
							epoxies applied underwater




							DIY epoxy repair links

 

 
Product 
details:
 

Our ESP 155 ™ is a solvent thinned epoxy, classified as a ‘waterproofing' coating and has a VOC level of 239 g/l.
This is a legally acceptable level of solvents for a waterproof coating except in parts of southern California,
where this product cannot be sold or used. 

This product is a Progressive Epoxy 
Polymers, Inc. best selling, favorite product. Visit our FAVORITES - 7 
EPOXIES THAT WILL FIX ANYTHING  web page 
at: 
epoxyproducts.com/favorites4u.html View other popular one-of-a-kind 
products.

The more I work with this product, the more I am impressed with it, hence the reason behind this page. 

The product is a clear watery thin epoxy with a simple 1 to 1 mix ratio. It is sold in two one quart cans. It was
originally designed for use on concrete to seal the product the cement. It was/is then often top coated with some
other coating. Because it is a thin coating, it can often fill or seal small voids or holes near the surface of
the concrete that can expel air resulting in bubbles and creators in thicker top coatings (such as thick epoxies).
 
Use for ESP 155 is to pre-coat wood surfaces prior to painting with latex or enamels. Wood expands
or contracts with moisture levels, where as other materials, including paints, expand and contract with temperature.
This means that wood and the coating on it can be working against each other, resulting in a coating failure. In
my experience this is more of a problem with wood that has already been ‘weathered' outdoors. These wood surfaces
probably already have a lot of internally trapped moisture. 

Besides effecting how wood expands or contracts, moisture in wood also affects the adhesion of many coatings. Most
paints and coatings (including a majority of epoxies) don't bond well to wet, damp or moist surfaces - including
wood with a high internal moisture level. 
 
Often used as a primer and 
sealer on old, weak, concrete floors and 
sun damaged fiberglass boat hulls 
(often before the application of a marine epoxy
barrier coat, bottom 
paint, or 2 part poly hull paint.

Generally epoxies used as primers use lots of solvents and the lowest quality epoxy available. ESP is an amazing
exception, probably nothing else like it available. It uses a top of the line 
cycloaliphatic curing system as a starting
point! The other 'penetrating/sealing' epoxies are very vague about the epoxy they use in their product - bottom
of the line, el cheapo stuff I would imagine.



Order this two 
					part ESP !55  
EPOXY Product 
					NOW(cannot be sold in 
					Southern Calif.)

					from our  large Primary web store 
or call 603 435 
					7199 to order










We really appreciate 
you visiting PROGRESSIVE EPOXY POLYMERS, INC. and our web site: 
EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM.  Take advantage of the CONTACT links on this page to ask 
questions about our products and/or your projects. You can stay in touch with us 
via our NEWSLETTER (link on our
contact page) which is 
emailed  every 6-8 weeks.


This 
current page is all about:


EPOXY PRIMER - EPOXY SEALER


ESP 155 Solvent Thinned Commercial Epoxy Sealer Primer
Solvent thinned epoxy for sealing priming and waterproofing - Compare to XYZ 
Brand




	The product also uses a very high end
cycloaliphatic epoxy - 
instead of the very low end epoxies found in other solvent thinned epoxies of 
this kind.

One trick with the ESP 155 is to use some of our pigments (or some other pigment) to shade the ESP 155 slightly.
It is easier to see how evenly you're applying it when it has some color instead of being clear. Also, if you are
going to paint the surface, let's say white, tinting the ESP 155 white may mean you can skip that second or third
coat of white paint.

If you cannot use the ESP 155 (say, you live in southern California), then your alternative option is our Low V™
epoxy. The Low V epoxy is solvent free so it can be sold anywhere. It is thicker than the solvent thinned ESP 155
so it would not, in theory, seep into the wood or cement as well as the ESP 155. The Low V does bond and harden
underwater, like the ESP 155. In confined spaces, such as in a boat hull blister, you would not want to use a solvent
thinned coating, because the solvents have no place to evaporate away to.

 Low V in our marine epoxy catalog / Low V in our
res/industrial 
epoxy catalog.



Compare to other "Penetrating
Epoxy Products"
 



Order this two 
					part ESP !55  
EPOXY Product 
					NOW(cannot be sold in 
					Southern Calif.)

					from our  large Primary web store 
or call 603 435 
					7199 to order



 

ESP 155™ in our marine
epoxy catalog ---- in our res/industrial marine catalog --- 
epoxy data/msds link














 
 



MARINE CATALOG

HOME/DIY/COMMERCIAL 
			CATALOG


 
 



Section One 
TWO PART MARINE EPOXIES- CLEAR EPOXIES

basic no blush 
			(tm)

Section A EPOXY PAINTS
corro coat FC 2100; NSP 120; water gard 300; coal
tar ; CM 15; crack coat™ 



Section Two FILLERS THICKENERS ADDITIVESfumed silica; microsphere/balloons; poly fibers; copper; graphite; Teflon (tm); wood flour; EZ thick; rock flour
 

Section B FLOOR EPOXIES (regular and non-skid products), SEALERS, ACCESSORIES
water bond (water based); solvent free industrial floor epoxy; bio
vee seal; water based floor epoxy, floor epoxy 
with grit; walnut shell; ground white rubber grit


Section Three THICKENED EPOXIES - EPOXY PUTTIES, ETC.wet/dry 700; splash zone; quick fix 2300, QR 2400 rubber epoxy


Section C 
THICKENED EPOXIES - EPOXY PUTTIES, ETC.

wet/dry 700; splash zone A-788, quick fix 2300; QR 2400 (tm) rubber epoxy



Section Four 
TWO PART EPOXY PAINTS (barrier coats)corro coat FC 2100; water gard 300; CM 15; EZ Spray; epoxy primer; crack coat™



Section D CLEAR TWO PART EPOXIES
low V epoxy; basic no blush; 
ESP 155; 
Bio-Clear 810



Section Five URETHANES AND NON-EPOXY COATINGS Aluthane (aluminum coating);
LPU Marine

Section E 
NON-EPOXY PAINTS SEALERS
Aluthane moisture cured urethane; Acrylic Poly UV Plus 
and other 2 part polys ; 
Capt.
Tolley's creeping crack sealer


Section Six NON-SKID DECK COATINGSwalnut shell; ground white rubber
 

Section F 
MIX-IN ADDITIVES
fumed silica; fiber fill; micro balloons/micro-spheres; graphite; Teflon (tm); copper
powder; wood flour; EZ thick, rock flour


Section Seven MARINE REPAIR PRODUCTSpipe wrap; fiberglass tape (cloth); Capt. Tolley's Creeping Crack Cure

 


Section Eight MISC. MARINE PRODUCTSshort nap rollers; TA 661 (solvent free epoxy clean-up); 1 inch foam brushes; 2 inch
bristle brushes; tongue depressors


HELP PAGE

 INDEX




One page 
			summary/prices - marine catalog


One page 
			summary/prices -DIY/HOME catalog




BUY 
			FROM PRIMARY STOREFRONT


BUY 
			FROM PRIMARY STOREFRONT




internet boat 
			links page


internet 
			floor links page

Internet DIY 
			repair links page




									Call (603-435-7199) or
									
									EMAIL with questions /phone orders etc. about what you're doing. We try 
									to earn your business one phone call at a 
									time!







 
 



 













											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 

#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches

#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches

#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											



											company video




											Contact Page














Order this two 
					part ESP !55  
EPOXY Product 
					NOW(cannot be sold in 
					Southern Calif.)

					from our  large Primary web store 


 







										PRODUCT SPOTLIGHT:





 Wet Dry 700 Epoxy


Ultimate Repair Epoxy 
										Paste 
Above and below the 
										Waterline
Like Nothing You 
										Have Ever Worked With Before!


Need to fix, glue, patch, fill, bond, 
										coat or cover something underwater? Need 
										to reinforce/wrap corroded, damaged or 
										leaking pipes (with epoxy and fiberglass 
										cloth)? Need to do a fiberglass cloth 
										and epoxy repair with a non sagging 
										epoxy paste? (even underwater?). How 
										about sealing electrical connections in 
										a ‘glob’ of waterproof epoxy? Patching 
										some wood rot? One of our customers 
										repaired serious rot in an 100 year old 
										marine railway submerged under 12 feet 
										of water.
Wet Dry 700 has saved sinking boats 
										(and sunk boats - read Escape From 
										Hermit Island available at Amazon.com. 
										The authors recommend you don’t leave 
										your dock without this epoxy - see
										
										epoxyproducts.com/cs_boat.html). It 
										is also used on leaking pools and 
										corroding barge mounted floating homes.

Welcome to the world of Wet Dry 700 
										(tm) Epoxy
Wet Dry 700 (tm) epoxy paste is a 
										leading example of consumer driven epoxy 
										technology, resulting in a versatile, 
										field friendly repair product for 
										difficult environments. Wet Dry is a 
										solvent free, high performance epoxy 
										reinforced with kevlar (tm) pulp and 
										feldspar/ceramic. It can be applied to 
										wet, damp, or dry surfaces.
Wet Dry 700 looks a bit like joint 
										compound (dry wall mud), or cake icing 
										with a simple 1 to 1 mix ratio that you 
										can ‘eyeball’. A scoop of Part A and an 
										equal scoop of Part B and you are ready 
										to go.
This is one of our top selling 
										epoxies. People first buy it for a 
										specific project and then generally buy 
										more just to have on hand.






										"I cannot believe how incredible this 
										Wet Dry 700 is. It's revolutionary. 
										The original repair to my storm shelter 
										would have lasted years if the shelter 
										would just shifting around in the 
										ground. DON'T STOP SELLING THIS STUFF!" 
										Jeff 1/2013







													Order this EPOXY 
													product NOW








(10/2013)     
										Comments: Returning  -  Underwater 
										repair


"My third or 
										fourth order and am still quite pleased 
										with the result. It has many uses above 
										and below the water line"





Another Amazing Product 
										-  ALUTHANE 
										aluminum Moisture Cured Urethane Coating 
										- corrosion fighting, heat reflecting, 
										temperature resistant sealer, primer, 
										top coat. Use on wood, metal, 
										fiberglass, cement.
										
										READ MORE




										PROGRESSIVE EPOXY POLYMERS, INC - 603 - 
										435 - 7199

										Amazing Products - Amazing Support 
										
(see 
										our home page CLICK HERE)




data sheets and msds and SDS sheets 
										at
										
										epoxyproducts.com/datamsds.html




 




Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc.

www.epoxyproducts.com







ESP 155 Solvent Thinned Commercial Epoxy Sealer Primer
Solvent thinned epoxy for sealing priming and waterproofing - Compare to XYZ 
Brand
 




Help Page - 
			Catalog 
			Page Links



 
####
\








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Epoxy Resins & Adhesives (Liquid, 2 Part) | Aeromarine Products























































 















 







 


Epoxy







AeroMarine 300/21 Epoxy Resin
Starting From $46.00





Size

Choose an option1.5 Quart Kit1.5 Gallon Kit1.5 Gallon Kit (with pumps)3 Gallon Kit3 Gallon Kit (with pumps)6 Gallon Kit6 Gallon Kit (with pumps)15 Gallon Kit165 Gallon KitClear 








Add to cart








AeroMarine Rock and Pebble Paving Epoxy
Starting From $46.00





Size

Choose an option1 1/2 Quart Kit1 1/2 Gallon Kit3 Gallon Kit6 Gallon Kit15 Gallon Kit165 Gallon KitClear 








Add to cart








Bar Top/Countertop Epoxy
Starting From $62.00





Size

Choose an option1 1/2 Quart Kit1 1/2 Gallon Kit3 Gallon Kit6 Gallon Kit15 Gallon KitClear 








Add to cart








Colored Epoxy Resin for Concrete Coating
Starting From $70.00





Color

Choose an optionWhiteBlackGrey 


Size

Choose an option1.5 Quart Kit1.5 Gallon Kit3 Gallon Kit6 Gallon Kit15 Gallon KitClear 








Add to cart










Epoxy Adhesives

AeroMarine 400/21 Epoxy Resin Adhesive
Starting From $62.00





Size

Choose an option1.5 Quart Kit1.5 Gallon Kit3 Gallon Kit6 Gallon Kit15 Gallon Kit165 Gallon KitClear 








Add to cart








AeroMarine 300/11 Epoxy Resin Adhesive
Starting From $52.00





Size

Choose an option1 Quart Kit1/2 Gallon Kit1 Gallon Kit2 Gallon KitClear 








Add to cart








AeroMarine 5 Minute Epoxy
Starting From $77.00





Size

Choose an option1 Pint Kit1/2 Gallon Kit1 Gallon KitClear 








Add to cart








AeroMarine 1150 Gray Epoxy Adhesive
$131.00
Add to cart



Our collection of epoxy resins and epoxy products are used by professionals looking to coat boats with marine epoxy, repair watercraft after minor damage has occurred, or restore older boats to working condition. AeroMarine Products provides boat epoxy in two parts, the epoxy resin and the hardener. Immediately prior to application, these should be combined only in the quantities you want to use right away. If you mix the entire contents of both the epoxy and the hardener, they will cure before you complete the project. This recommendation offers the most reliable application method.
While many of our customers use epoxy resin primarily for use on watercraft and boats, it has a much wider array of uses; for laminating fiberglass and carbon fiber, as a wood epoxy to coat wooden surfaces for longevity, protection, and aesthetics, and as a floor coating, providing an even and smooth surface. A popular use of our epoxy is to make sure pebble flooring is safe and comfortable for high traffic areas. Concrete coating and crack repair is also a popular application. AeroMarine Products’ epoxy cures to a shiny appearance that makes concrete seem wet even when it is dry.
Our Bar Top Epoxy is perfect if you have a wooden or concrete surface that you want to add a glass-like surface to. This stunning effect can transform surfaces into beautiful and much more robust versions of their former selves.
We offer a wide range of epoxy adhesive products in white, black, and gray, as well as in many different sizes from 1.5 quarts to 165 gallons. These amounts are calculated by adding the volume of the epoxy and the volume of the hardener. If you need help choosing an epoxy, please don’t hesitate to contact us.

































Best Bar Top 603 435 7199 - Table Top Epoxy Resin Options 





PROGRESSIVE EPOXY 
POLYMERS, INC.





																	BUY 
																	COATINGS, 
																	EPOXY, ETC. 
																	HERE










				Multiple epoxies for multiple thicknesses and multiple affects - 
				indoors or outdoors. 
				What can we do for you?



NO SALES TAX - You 
are shopping in TAX FREE New Hampshire

																	 



		Existing Customer Priority

		EMAIL link ---  like on
		FACEBOOK




APPREHENSIVE?
							New to Bar Top and  Furniture Grade coatings? (They can be $$$). 
							Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL) and put yourself at ease with a 1 on 1 
							conversation about your project, which products will 
							work best for you, and how to use them. After 
							purchase "handholding", support, and encouragement 
							are also available anytime. We freely share our 20 
							plus years of epoxy experience and problem solving 
							experience.  If our owner, Paul Oman, 
							is not available he will return your call quickly. 
							Emails are answered all day long. Without potential 
							customers, repeat customers, and friends like you 
							that want some free, quick advice, New Hampshire 
							based Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc., 
							a Better Business Bureau member, would not exist. 

							Thank you
							in advance and 
							thank you
							for visiting epoxyproducts.com. We 
							appreciate your interest in our company. 




							EPOXY-ONLY WEB SEARCH
 

							 PRIMARY 
STORE LINK --- TOP 
SELLING PRODUCTS --- EPOXY GURU HELP SITE 
--- EPOXY DATA SHEETS

You won't learn if you don't ask!




								 




EPOXY COATED 
TABLES AND BARS  
POUR ON - 
BRUSH ON
 

Doing a Penny Floor? 
				Learn about epoxy top coat 

options here and 
				then goto our
				
				Penny Floor page.





							Search EPOXY ONLY GOOGLE for all of these 
products/issues



							-



				CLICK





 



We are the only table top / 
								bar top / penny floor epoxy source that offers 
								as one of our multiple epoxy options (option 
								#3), a multi coat, non blushing, epoxy with 
								bubble breakers and extended work times (for 
								better self leveling and larger projects). 
								Consider Basic No Blush Epoxy with Slow Summer 
								Curing agent. We can offer these kinds of 
								options because we are an epoxy company.
 




If your project is important to 
you.....
 DON'T 
USE A CRAFT / HOBBY GRADE RESIN SOLD BY A MARKETING COMPANY FROM A SLICK, SINGLE 
PRODUCT, WEB SITE.
 




Another Option  
			(#4) - 
			best option for outdoors





 



Minwax (tm) oil 
			stain - left to dry for 2 weeks - 2 coats ESP 155 epoxy sealer and 
			primer - 4 coats of India Spar Varnish (note ESP 155 and Varnish not 
			for sale in California)




 











Bio Clear 810 epoxy man cave Bottle Cap Bar
BarTop Option #1

"We are the only company that shows you who we are (watch 
	our 2 min video); special chemical advantages of some of our epoxies (nonyl 
	free epoxies -- 
	epoxy adducts -- 
	cyclo-aliphatic epoxies); and who offers 24/7/365 phone (603 - 435 - 
	7199) or
	email 
	support for help, questions, and/or orders. We go the extra mile for 
	your respect and support."



"Your web site is delight to scroll through, confusing and funny at the same 
time, with a lot of info you wouldn't find at any "serious big corporate" web 
sites. Keep up the good work and good luck..."






PAGE AND SITE 
			NAVIGATION












DIY/INDUST
NAVIGATION
BAR


Main
			Home Page ====>*


Res/Ind
			Home Page ====>*


Res/Ind
			Catalog Contents Page ====>*


Res/Ind
			Online Catalog Page ====>(epoxy 
			paints page)


Contact
			Page /Link to Storefront/Ordering
*


This is an Information Page
(green background)


HELP Page




Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc.


..


..


..


..


..


.YOU ARE HERE.


MSDS /DATA



FYI: catalog pages are blue (marine) or yellow (home/indust), info pages are green,
product pages are purple, core pages are gray

 No Sales Tax applied. Save Money, you're shopping
in Tax Free New Hampshire









NOTICE: Legal notices, Terms of Service, warranty information, disclaimers, health warnings,
			etc. are required reading before using website, ordering and/or using Products. Any such use and/or ordering, online
			or by telephone, shall constitute acceptance and knowledge of all such terms.

CLICK HERE (www.epoxyproducts.com/legal.html) to access these terms.


















											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 

#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches

#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches

#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											



											company video
 






 
There is more than one way to 
cook eggs and there is more than one way to do an epoxy based table or bar top. 
You are not likely to find another web site that mentions or offers you any 
option other than what they are trying to sell you. One product, one method - 
take it or leave it. Not here. And they probably discourage you for calling them 
with questions, and certainly not after hours our on weekends and holidays. But 
not here........Read about our 
different table top options by scrolling down this page. You will be surprised. 













BAR TOP  EPOXY 
	PRICING: Assume an epoxy cost of $75 a gallon. A poured 1/4 
	inch thick layer of epoxy using that one gallon will cover 6 square feet and 
	cost about $12.50 per square foot. Many online vendors love to 'fudge' this 
	$$$ mathematical reality. Now consider rolling on THREE coats of a one gallon 
	mix of a medium thick, slow setting, epoxy with bubble breakers. This will 
	cover about 35-40 square feet and cost about $2.00 - $2.25 per square foot. 
	We give you both options (and other thicker or thinner options too) and will 
	explain the pros and cons of each option. The 'other guys' only offer you 
	the much more expensive option and hope you never consider the less costly 
	option. And that doesn't even address the issue of the quality of the epoxy 
	being sold.  



 Call : 603 - 435 7199









"I appreciate your help, and 
especially that you are available by phone...and answer the phone. Thanks 
again". ---- Tim  9/16
Confused? Ready 
to explore ALL your options? Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)










											Read about epoxy web site fibs, half 
											truths, fake facts, and misleading 
											statements before you buy from any 
											online vendor. Knowledge is power!
											


											CLICK HERE









Buy With Confidence 



 








We spend $475 
											(2017) each year with the regional Better Business Bureau 
	supporting our community, our fellow businesses and living up to their high 
	demands of honesty and performance. We believe in old fashion values of 
											personal and business integrity

We also maintain professional memberships in national coating 
	and scientific 
	associations reflecting our background in the technical and chemical aspects 
	of epoxy resin systems for over 25 years.

We hope you include this information in our consideration when deciding 
	to do business with us and when evaluating Progressive Epoxy Polymers 
	against other online vendors.









In a Nutshell
As an epoxy/coatings vendor, we 
offer four different epoxies offering for four different epoxy thicknesses. No 
one else can do this and no one else lets you know you have this option. It may 
surprise you to know that the thinner and cheaper epoxy options might be better 
for your project. We also offer two different UV blocking non epoxy top coats 
(not for sale in California) for a more durable, repairable surface and one that 
can allow your table to be used outdoors.
USER PRE-EPOXY WARNING:
It is very important you 
don't clean your pre-pour surfaces with what is called a 
"Tack Cloth" 
by wood workers. These are sticky rags used to remove dust etc. from a surface 
before painting etc. Unfortunately, the stickiness comes from a waxy product 
that will contaminate the surface and can product 'fish eyes' in the solvent 
free epoxy going over that surface. As coating pro's with decades of epoxy 
experience we know about his 'issue.' The other 
'table top epoxy sales sites' 
don't even know there is an issue 
here that epoxy users should be informed and made aware of before they use the 
epoxy.

A marine spar varnish 
top coat over a wood surface covered with epoxy can be polished and waxed to a mirror like finish. Remember those movies 
where the bartender slings a stein of beer sliding down the bar? The see 
yourself shine on classic old boats or class old cars? This is what many folks 
actually want in their Man Caves. Usually a thin or very thin epoxy base (ESP 
155 or Basic No Blush) for that perfect, long lasting foundation, a few coats of 
our old fashion India Spar Varnish (not for sale in Calif.), then wax and polish 
(or wet sand, wax and polish). As an added plus, this is cheaper than a simple 
thick poured on epoxy pushed by other epoxy bar top - table top vendors. Also 
the best method for anything outdoors. 

Let's talk (603 - 435 
- 7199 or 
							EMAIL)

FOUR KINDS OF 
EPOXY FINISHES/OPTIONS
1) 
1/4 INCH THICK PLUS WITH EDGE (MOST PROFESSIONAL)
2) 
THIN EPOXY DRIPPING OVER THE EDGE

3)THICKISH EPOXY FOR CRAFT PROJECTS
4) 
EPOXY SEALER  OR MARINE BOAT LIKE EPOXY WITH MULTI COATS OF
india spar varnish 
USE THIS METHOD FOR OUTDOOR APPLICATIONS (MUCH CHEAPER AND OFTEN BETTER 
LOOKING)









Doing a Penny 
Floor? Learn about epoxy top coat 
options here 
and then goto our 
Penny Floor page.

NO SALES TAX - You 
are shopping in TAX FREE
New Hampshire - 
New England's "Granite State"
 




CLEAR 
							EPOXIES AND UV PROTECTION

(a 
							warning)
 
UV 
			blockers/absorbers CANNOT be added to 
			cross-linking thermo-set resin systems like epoxies (they can be 
			added to 2 part polyurethanes). Anyone that tells you they have a UV 
			resistant epoxy or a non yellowing epoxy is either ignorant or lying 
			to you. You decide if you want to do business with dishonest 
			companies/individuals. 

			-----------------------------------------------------

I am 
			reminded by phone calls almost 24/7 that there can be lots of 
			unexpected issues with table top epoxy projects and lots of epoxy 
			options that go unexplained.

 Know 
			your options and what can go wrong. Avoid online vendors willing to 
			take your money and sell you poor quality (made in China?? with 
			crazy temp and mix directions); 
			epoxy sold to you by people who have no background or experience 
			with epoxies; and slick sales based web sites that hound you for 
			months if you visit their site; no weekend or evening support. 


			Do your homework and look for honest sites that tell you both the 
			PROs and the CONs.

			 Company video - CLICK













Your Host:  
Paul Oman, MS, MBA Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc. 
- Pittsfield, NH - 
Selling epoxies since 1994
Member: NACE (National Assoc. of
Corrosion Engineers), SSPC (Soc. of Protective Coatings)















											If your
											
											"HELP" person can't explain 
											nonyl-phenol, cyclo-aliphatic 
											epoxies, epoxy adducts, MCU 
											urethanes or LPU polyurethanes, 
											they're salespeople and not coating 
											professionals. If your
											
											"SUPPORT" person won't return 
											your call on a Sunday afternoon, 
											they're not really interested in 
											you. At
											
											Progressive Epoxy Polymers/EpoxyProducts.com 
											we are your Help and Support 
											Professionals.
											
											Call : 603 - 435 7199










 






INTRODUCTION

  Best Pourable 
Two Part Clear Epoxy Resin Systems / 4 Table top Options
ABSOLUTE 
BEST SOURCE for epoxy information, options, USA made products, 24/7/365 
help, and support 
(EMAIL 
603 435 7199)














											WHO ARE WE? Compare your suppliers 
											and not just the products.



											Watch our short 2-minute 
											
											Progressive Epoxy Polymers video









 
THIS PAGE 
EXPLAINS EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT EPOXIES - OPTIONS, ISSUES, WHAT CAN 
GO WRONG ETC. AFTER READING THIS PAGE  SELECT YOUR OPTION AND VISIT THOSE 
LINKED PAGES


OPTION 1 
				--  
MOST PROFESSIONAL Thick pour epoxy - use for pours over 1/4 inch and with 
				a leak-proof edge all around the project. The most professional, 
				commercial grade bar top and table top system/method available ---
				GOTO OPTION 1 
				- Bio Clear 810 - the most non yellowing epoxy available. Most 
				professional method/results - 
 Unlike the 'craft' epoxies promoted 
				on other web sites, this is the one used by the professionals - 
				click on this option to learn more. Use this 1/4 inch system if 
				you are inserting objects into your table top.

THIS IS THE 
	ONLY TABLE TOP EPOXY THAT USES A CYCLO-ALIPHATIC FORMULATION AND  
	CONTAINS NO NONYL PHENOL (THAT IS WHY IT IS THE BEST AND THE FAVORITES FOR 
	PROFESSIONALS_












																	BIO CLEAR 
																	810
xx
 


																	 EMAIL   US
xx


 
 
 
 
 




air shippable
 
 


cycloaliphatic system
xx




no nonyl phenol
xx
 


epoxy adduct system
 


multi curing agents
 
 
bulk pricing
 


solvent free
xx
 
no Calif. sales
 


2 part epoxy
xx
 
2 part poly
 


apply underwater
 
 
bubble breakers
xx


favorite(s) product list
 
 
data sheets
xx


PACKING - jugs/bottles
xx
 
PACKING - cans
xx


find in non marine cat
xx
 
find in marine catalog
 


PRICES/ind/commercial
xx
 
PRICES/marine section
 


BUY onlinesimple store
 
 
BUY online 
primary store
xx


home page
xx
 
contact page
xx






 



"Love the 
			product (Bio Clear 810) these past six years I've been using it."




			John R. - Custom Furniture Creations (8/15)
			
			find on Facebook



Bio Clear 810 (tm)- 
			Table top epoxy for Professionals



Option 1 link includes 
	amazing Bar Top Epoxy Art examples (using Bio Clear 810 epoxy) that takes 
	epoxy from your tabletop to Board Room wall. The artist/contractor is 
	available to do your epoxy table or wall artREAD 
COMMENTS/ FEEDBACK FROM USERS OF BIO CLEAR 810 - CLICK .
(Bio Clear 810) "Great Product. Works great on 
	burying wine and craft beer labels on tabletops, etc." - C.G.H. 11/16
"As a professional woodworker, 
I was recently contracted to make a 14 foot curling table for a customer. After 
doing some research, I came across your Bio-Clear 810 epoxy product and chose it 
for the price and the eccentric web site. I figured that such a "different" web 
site MUST be offset by a truly quality product. I was right! My customer was delighted with the product and I hope to sell many more of these curling tables in the United States.
Thanks guys ! " -  John


OPTION 2 -- 
CLASSIC POUR-ON EPOXY this epoxy 
				product has been replaced with the Basic No Blush epoxy in 
				option 3 below which offers additional features and properties.  -


OPTIONS 2 and 3 ---  
				
POUR-ON BRUSH ON EPOXY 
 special craft 
				projects use a marine type epoxy   -   examples at
				Maine Coast 
				Creations web site. - Often used to fill cracks and knot 
				holes in wood bar slabs etc. use BASIC NO BLUSH EPOXY -
				buy at epoxyusa.com Also 
				used TO 
				FILL KNOT HOLES ETC. IN SLABS OF WOOD/BAR TOPS. 
Basic No Blush 
				IS AN EPOXY FORMULATED WITH EXPENSIVE BUBBLE BREAKERS
-- Also 
available with a slightly thinner, summer curing agent which allows more working 
time to remove any bubbles, more time for leveling, etc. (also takes longer to 
get hard). This is Basic No Blush Epoxy - Summer cure. Use this slower 
formulation on 
penny floors 
 "Hey Paul -- ,The summer cure is awesome! Self leveled much better than the 
standard no blush and no real issues with bubbles! I greatly appreciate your 
patience with my questions."
This Basic No Blush epoxy 
(summer cure) and top coat of our India Spar Varnish is our #1 seller for 
professionals and woodworking professionals 603-435-7199 anytime
NO ONE ELSE 
OFFERS A SLOW SET CLEAR EPOXY COATING FOR MAXIMUM WORK TIME BEFORE IT STARTS TO 
GEL/HARDEN. APPLY MULTIPLE COATS TO ACHIEVE ANY THICKNESS YOU WANT.
 















																			Why 
																			Basic 
																			No 
																			Blush 
																			epoxy 
																			is 
																			the 
																			BEST 
																			in 
																			its 
																			class:



1. A
																			formulated 
																			blended 
																			resin 
																			system 
																			(not 
																			repackaged 
																			raw 
																			chemicals)




																			2) 
																			Uses
																			NON 
																			BLUSHING 
																			curing 
																			agent 
																			for 
																			blush 
																			free 
																			results




																			3) 
																			not 
																			too 
																			thick, 
																			not 
																			too 
																			thin, 
																			not 
																			too 
																			brittle




																			4) 
																			the 
																			only 
																			outdoor 
																			type 
																			epoxy 
																			with 
																			bubble 
																			breakers 
																			for 
																			superior 
																			flaw 
																			free 
																			finishes




																			5) 
																			the 
																			only 
																			epoxy 
																			adduct 
																			outdoor 
																			type 
																			epoxy 
																			for 
																			superior 
																			properties




																			6) 
																			strong 
																			user 
																			support 
																			/ 
																			feedback




																			7) 
																			24/7 
																			support 
																			email
																			
marineepoxy@gmail.com




																			8) 
																			only 
																			supplier 
																			to 
																			offer 
																			a 
																			slow 
																			set 
																			resin 
																			option 
																			for 
																			max 
																			leveling 
																			time, 
																			bubble 
																			free 
																			time 
																			etc.




																			9) 
																			apply 
																			multiple 
																			coats 
																			to 
																			achieve 
																			any 
																			thickness 
																			you 
																			want.
 



 








THIS PRODUCT
xx
 


																	 EMAIL   US
xx


 
 
 
 
 




air shippable
 
 



cycloaliphatic system
 




no nonyl phenol
 
 



epoxy adduct system
xx


multi curing agents
xx
 
bulk pricing
xx


solvent free
xx
 
no Calif. sales
 


2 part epoxy
xx
 
2 part poly
 


apply underwater
 
 
bubble breakers
xx


favorite(s) product list
xx
 
data sheets
xx


PACKING - jugs/bottles
xx
 
PACKING - cans
xx


find in non marine cat
xx
 
find in marine catalog
xx


PRICES/ind/commercial
xx
 
PRICES/marine section
xx


BUY onlinesimple store
 
 
BUY online 
primary store
xx


home page
xx
 
contact page
xx







 


OPTION 4 --  
				
LOW COST 

VARNISH 
				OPTION Brush on a solvent thinned epoxy epoxy sealer and primer (use 
				ESP 155) 
				- or our thicker solvent free clear, marine epoxy, 
				BASIC NO BLUSH , then top coat with several coats of INDIA SPAR 
				VARNISH.  Note; these two products cannot be sold in 
				California. - Least expensive and best for outdoors. Can polish 
				and wax spar varnish to a mirror finish. 
GOTO OPTION 4 
				This is the system that a majority of DIY users settle on.














																			Why 
																			ESP 
																			155 
																			epoxy 
																			sealer 
																			and 
																			primer 
																			is 
																			the 
																			BEST 
																			in 
																			its 
																			class:



																			1) 
																			Uses 
																			superior 
																			CYCLOALIPHATIC 
																			curing 
																			agents 
																			and 
																			epoxy 
																			ADDUCT 
																			formulation



																			2) 
																			solvent 
																			based 
																			for 
																			better 
																			penetration



																			3) 
																			moisture 
																			tolerant, 
																			very 
																			low 
																			viscosity



																			4) 
																			strong 
																			user 
																			support 
																			/ 
																			feedback


5) 
																			24/7 
																			support
 



 








THIS PRODUCT
xx
 


																	 EMAIL   US
xx


 
 
 
 
 




air shippable
 
 



cycloaliphatic system
xx




no nonyl phenol
 
 



epoxy adduct system
xx


multi curing agents
 
 
bulk pricing
 


solvent free
 
 
no Calif. sales
xx


2 part epoxy
xx
 
2 part poly
 


apply underwater
 
 
bubble breakers
 


favorite(s) product list
xx
 
data sheets
xx


PACKING - jugs/bottles
 
 
PACKING - cans
xx


find in non marine cat
xx
 
find in marine catalog
xx


PRICES/ind/commercial
xx
 
PRICES/marine section
xx


BUY onlinesimple store
 
 
BUY online 
primary store
xx


home page
xx
 
contact page
xx





 





							"Paul Oman (owner of Progressive Epoxy - 603 435 
7199) is a very knowledgeable man , and freely shares his knowledge. His 
products are high quality and as represented. And he answers his phone." 
Ralph


			"You provide outstanding products, and Fantastic 
			Support. Thank You."
				

				Brian S.
				

"Thanks for all your advice, tips & moral support 
				concerning my project. It turned out beautiful. Quality people backing a quality product is the 
				only way to go!"
				

Joe

							 






							"FISHEYE" WARNING








This can happen 
			with your clear epoxy. Learn more. You will not find this info on 
			any other epoxy web site. Scroll down to the bottom of this page for 
			this important information.



 
FILLING 
IN KNOT HOLES, CRACKS, AND VOID SPACES IN  YOUR WOOD SLAB? USE THE HONEY 
THICK, CLEAR BASIC NO BLUSH EPOXY. YOU CAN TINT IT BLACK OR ANY 
COLOR FOR THAT 'NATURAL LOOK" ORDER AT 
EPOXYUSA.COM
 






Different Clear Epoxies -- Comparisons
 

(As a 
										professional coatings company we offer a 
										range of clear epoxies with unique 
										properties and applications. This is a 
										very different approach than marketing 
										companies that only offer one product 
										with one application per web site and 
										are far removed from the manufacture and 
										testing of their resold resin)
 


ESP 155 - 
							solvent based, thin, sealing epoxy often used on 
							wood, concrete and fiberglass. The Part B ranges 
							from clear to dark red. Not for sale in California. 
							Yellows quickly. Commonly used as a sealer and 
							primer under marine spar varnished (i.e. India Spar 
							Varnish - not for sale in California) surfaces, such 
							as bar tops, outdoor furniture and  bright-work 
							on boats/yachts. Epoxy and
							Spar Varnish is a win-win 
							combination. The varnish provides UV protection and 
							a high gloss easily maintained surface and the epoxy 
							provides a stable base for the varnish. For a 
							thicker epoxy base, use Low V epoxy or Basic No 
							Blush epoxy (listed below) under the varnish. 
							Packaged in 2 quart kits (1 to1 mix ratio). 
-A 
							top 
							problem solving coating - best seller












																			Why 
																			ESP 
																			155 
																			epoxy 
																			sealer 
																			and 
																			primer 
																			is 
																			the 
																			BEST 
																			in 
																			its 
																			class:




																			1) 
																			Uses 
																			superior 
																			CYCLOALIPHATIC 
																			curing 
																			agents 
																			and 
																			epoxy 
																			ADDUCT 
																			formulation




																			2) 
																			solvent 
																			based 
																			for 
																			better 
																			penetration




																			3) 
																			moisture 
																			tolerant, 
																			very 
																			low 
																			viscosity




																			4) 
																			strong 
																			user 
																			support 
																			/ 
																			feedback



5) 
																			24/7 
																			support
 



 






THIS PRODUCT
xx
 


																	 EMAIL   US
xx


 
 
 
 
 




air shippable
 
 


cycloaliphatic system
xx




no nonyl phenol
 
 


epoxy adduct system
xx


multi curing agents
 
 
bulk pricing
 


solvent free
 
 
no Calif. sales
xx


2 part epoxy
xx
 
2 part poly
 


apply underwater
 
 
bubble breakers
 


favorite(s) product list
xx
 
data sheets
xx


PACKING - jugs/bottles
 
 
PACKING - cans
xx


find in non marine cat
xx
 
find in marine catalog
xx


PRICES/ind/commercial
xx
 
PRICES/marine section
xx


BUY onlinesimple store
 
 
BUY online 
primary store
xx


home page
xx
 
contact page
xx


 



LOW V - A 
							solvent free, low viscosity epoxy often used as 
							sealer or a easily rollable/brushable base on wood 
							bars, 
							cement floors etc. Also used to 're-bond' 
							delaminated damp boat decks with their fiberglass 
							'skin'. Popular for
							wood rot repair too as it is 
							thin (to soak in) odorless, and will bond to wet or 
							damp surfaces. It is slightly amber and will yellow 
							quicker than most epoxies. It was originally 
							designed for concrete crack injection. Can be used 
							under a varnish topcoat, giving a thicker epoxy base 
							than the solvent based 
							ESP 155. Can be allowed to 
							flow over the edges on table and bar tops (but it is 
							thin). Comes in 48 oz and 1.5 gal units. (2 to 2 mix 
							ratio).
- A 
							top 
							problem solving coating - best seller












																			Why 
																			Low 
																			V 
																			epoxy 
																			is 
																			the 
																			BEST 
																			in 
																			its 
																			class:




																			1. 
																			Very 
																			low 
																			viscosity 
																			for 
																			a 
																			solvent 
																			free, 
																			odorless 
																			epoxy




																			2) 
																			can 
																			be 
																			applied 
																			to 
																			wet 
																			or 
																			damp 
																			surfaces 
																			- 
																			key 
																			for 
																			many 
																			repair 
																			jobs




																			3) 
																			thin 
																			with 
																			solvent 
																			or 
																			thicken 
																			with 
																			fillers




																			4) 
																			contains 
																			no 
																			nonyl 
																			phenol



5) 
																			strong 
																			user 
																			support 
																			/ 
																			feedback



																			6) 
																			24/7 
																			support
 



 






THIS PRODUCT
xx
 


																	 EMAIL   US
xx


 
 
 
 
 




air shippable
 
 


cycloaliphatic system
 




no nonyl phenol
xx
 


epoxy adduct system
 


multi curing agents
 
 
bulk pricing
xx


solvent free
xx
 
no Calif. sales
 


2 part epoxy
xx
 
2 part poly
 


apply underwater
xx
 
bubble breakers
 


favorite(s) product list
xx
 
data sheets
xx


PACKING - jugs/bottles
xx
 
PACKING - cans
 


find in non marine cat
xx
 
find in marine catalog
xx


PRICES/ind/commercial
xx
 
PRICES/marine section
xx


BUY onlinesimple store
 
 
BUY online 
primary store
xx


home page
xx
 
contact page
xx




 






BIO CLEAR 810 
							- A solvent free clear epoxy, non brittle epoxy used 
							exclusively for poured on table and bar tops. Very 
							low levels of epoxy yellowing and contains bubble 
							breakers. It requires being poured on at 1/4 inch 
							layers which requires a edge or dam all the way 
							around the surface to prevent it from simply 
							draining onto the floor. If applied too thin it will 
							fisheye due to the surface tension reducing bubble 
							breaker additives. It is a favorite of professional 
							poured on epoxy experts.  It has a very slight 
							amber tint. Comes in 48 oz 1.5 gallon and 3 gallon 
							kits (2 to 1 mix ratio).
(Bio Clear 810) 
							"Great Product. Works great on burying wine and 
							craft beer labels on tabletops, etc." - C.G.H. 11/16













																	BIO CLEAR 
																	810
xx
 


																	 EMAIL   US
xx


 
 
 
 
 




air shippable
 
 


cycloaliphatic system
xx




no nonyl phenol
xx
 


epoxy adduct system
 


multi curing agents
 
 
bulk pricing
 


solvent free
xx
 
no Calif. sales
 


2 part epoxy
xx
 
2 part poly
 


apply underwater
 
 
bubble breakers
xx


favorite(s) product list
 
 
data sheets
xx


PACKING - jugs/bottles
xx
 
PACKING - cans
xx


find in non marine cat
xx
 
find in marine catalog
 


PRICES/ind/commercial
xx
 
PRICES/marine section
 


BUY onlinesimple store
 
 
BUY online 
primary store
xx


home page
xx
 
contact page
xx


 





BASIC NO BLUSH 
							-  one of our most popular epoxies and one of 
							the most clear epoxies available. It has normal or 
							slightly slow epoxy yellowing. It is commonly used 
							for boat building or boat repair
							 as well as 
							resealing or creating pebble deck surfaces (common 
							around pools and patios in Florida and other warm 
							states. Also used to fill knot holes and cracks in 
							wooden slabs used for bars and tables (sometimes 
							tinted black when filling cracks and knot holes). 
							Forms a hard, fairly brittle surface that handles 
							outdoor weather very well (excluding normal UV 
							yellowing and UV breakdown). Also used on bar and 
							table top surfaces under varnish. Being semi thick 
							it will not lay completely level in temperatures 
							under about 75 degrees. It does contain bubble 
							breakers (which is why the Part A appears slightly 
							cloudy in its container. For table and bar tops use 
							the standard temperature curing agent. For other 
							applications use the low temperature (down to about 
							freezing) winter curing agent. For hot weather 
							(upper 80s and 90s) use the slower summer curing 
							agent. The special summer and winter curing agents 
							are only available for this one epoxy. Comes in 3 
							quart and 1.5 gallon kits (2 to 1 mix ratio).
- A 
							top 
							problem solving coating - best seller

The 
							slightly thinner, summer curing agent allows more 
							working time to remove any bubbles, more time for 
							leveling, etc. (also takes longer to get hard). This 
							is Basic No Blush Epoxy - Summer cure.












																			Why 
																			Basic 
																			No 
																			Blush 
																			epoxy 
																			is 
																			the 
																			BEST 
																			in 
																			its 
																			class:



1. A
																			formulated 
																			blended 
																			resin 
																			system 
																			(not 
																			repackaged 
																			raw 
																			chemicals)




																			2) 
																			Uses 
																			only 
																			NON 
																			BLUSHING 
																			curing 
																			agents




																			3) 
																			not 
																			too 
																			thick, 
																			not 
																			too 
																			thin, 
																			not 
																			too 
																			brittle




																			4) 
																			strong 
																			user 
																			support 
																			/ 
																			feedback



5) 
																			24/7 
																			support 
																			email
																			

																			marineepoxy@gmail.com
 



 






THIS PRODUCT
xx
 


																	 EMAIL   US
xx


 
 
 
 
 




air shippable
 
 


cycloaliphatic system
 




no nonyl phenol
 
 


epoxy adduct system
 


multi curing agents
xx
 
bulk pricing
xx


solvent free
xx
 
no Calif. sales
 


2 part epoxy
xx
 
2 part poly
 


apply underwater
 
 
bubble breakers
 


favorite(s) product list
xx
 
data sheets
xx


PACKING - jugs/bottles
xx
 
PACKING - cans
xx


find in non marine cat
xx
 
find in marine catalog
xx


PRICES/ind/commercial
xx
 
PRICES/marine section
xx


BUY onlinesimple store
 
 
BUY online 
primary store
xx


home page
xx
 
contact page
xx


 






										Tax Free New Hampshire location - No 
										Sales Tax applied

 Links: 
										
										Homepage ----
										
										Bar top table top Homepage  ---
										
										data and MSDS  ---
										
										Buy epoxies  Section D - Clear 
										Epoxies -- 
										
										Buy varnish (cannot ship to Cal) Section 
										E - Non Epoxies --- 

Contact Page


watch our 
							epoxy company video






							Search EPOXY ONLY GOOGLE for all of these products



							-



				CLICK





 





 





	  




"I am 
			reminded of the story about a man who drank a quart of
			varnish. It 
			was a terrible end, but a beautiful finish."




					"Thanks for all your advice, tips & moral support 
				concerning my project. It turned out beautiful. Quality people backing a quality product is the 
				only way to go!"
				

					Joe



Member - 
			Better Business Bureau (tm) / New Hampshire. Shop and buy with 
			confidence

email or call 603 435 7199 
			SUPPORT -
			BUY 
			NOW



			 



 




Option 4 - 
			best option for outdoors





 



Minwax (tm) oil 
			stain - left to dry for 2 weeks - 2 coats ESP 155 epoxy sealer and 
			primer - 4 coats of India Spar Varnish (note ESP 155 and Varnish not 
			for sale in California)


 
Penny Floor? 
	Using Liquid Nails and grout?  Finish off with an epoxy sealer or a  
	coat of Basic No Blush epoxy and 
	Marine Spar Varnish (neither for sale in California). - or just the Marine 
	Spar Varnish. Replace the liquid nails with an epoxy for really good glue 
	down. (Low V epoxy) Call to talk about - 603 435 7199




	Professionals serving Professionals (and informed consumers) 

	- Member: NACE (National Assoc. of Corrosion Engineers)  - SSPC (Soc. 
	of Protective Coatings)  -  BETTER BUSINESS BUREAU (buy with 
	trust)






"You provide outstanding products, and Fantastic 
			Support. Thank You."
				
				Brian S.
				


				"Thanks for all your advice, tips & moral support 
				concerning my project. It turned out beautiful. Quality people backing a quality product is the 
				only way to go!"
				

				Joe






			" 

			PURCHASED SOME EPOXY FROM YOU 5 PLUS YEARS AGO IT WORKED GREAT.


			YOU ARE THE ONLY FOLKS TALKING THE CORRECT INFORMATION.


MANY FINE THANKS " - Kerry 7/15


 

 


"Hi 
				there! This e-mail has no question but I was just looking 
				through your site and I wanted to say that it's great! I was 
				just looking around the internet to read about the subject of 
				epoxy and no other site I visited was as helpful as yours. You 
				are very knowledgeable in that subject and I admire that. Great 
				work and I wish you the best! "  - Gabriella  10/15




You don't find 
				endorsements like this on other sites!


 




email help

					swim pool repair

					pebble decks

					data/msds sheets



					boat epoxies

					floor epoxies
rot 
					repair

					basement leaks



					alum. paint

					underwater epoxy
home page
epoxy guru




					online store

					contact page

					barrier coat


					potable water



 







						Marine Catalog




						Home/Com. Catalog







							Boat Links






						Floor Coating Links







							HOMEPAGE







							Data Sheets




 






						Let's stay connected.
It's a win-win situation. Receive our online 
						NEWSLETTER by
						
						emailing us your name and email address.




 





LEARN ABOUT:





			Cycloaliphatic epoxies





			Epoxy adducts





			Nonyl phenol additives




 










WOW! 


 35% - 
			40% of all daily online or telephone orders are from existing  customers. That's an 
			amazing 'REPEAT CUSTOMER" number.








							EPOXY-ONLY WEB SEARCH


603 - 435 - 7199 ANYTIME 24/7 FOR HELP OR 
			ORDERS


















 



 

							....................................................

"The Epoxy Guru" 
	Ask me your questions


7 epoxies/coatings to fix 'darn near' everything 
							- today's 
							best coating technologies


See how Sunken Yacht is saved by
							
							epoxies applied underwater




							DIY epoxy home repair links




Tax Free 
							New Hampshire location - No Sales Tax applied

 

 

Honest, 
customer/people focused companies belong to the Better Business Bureau and/or 
their Local Chamber of Commerce. They have manufacturing date or batch numbers 
on all their products for quality control and better customer service. Most will 
list the professional qualifications of their technical staff. They provide 
contact information and can be reached nights and weekends.

 

 

EPOXY TABLE AND BAR TOP 
	RESINS - YOUR OPTIONS AND ISSUES
(how this site is organized)
 
Section 1 
	- Pick your table top - bar top epoxy vendor carefully (find one that works 
with you 24/7)
 
Section 2 - 
Epoxies yellow - some more than others - lets talk about it instead of hiding 
this fact
 
Section 3 - 
First Things First - the math 
 
Section 4 - 
First Things First - epoxy resins
 
Section 5 - 
User Notes  - real life pros and cons - issue you should know 
about - PRIMING/SEALING THE SUBSURFACE
 
Section 6 - 
What can go wrong You will not find this section at 
any of our competitor's sites






  
						
						



Buy 
								With Confidence




BBB 
								Certified Approved vendor
 


Always find/confirm 
								Better 
								Bus. Bureau accreditation when buying online. If 
								they have it, they would show it!




member (Paul Oman MS 
								MBA)


 
								NACE 
								(Nat Assoc Corrosion Engineers)




member (Paul Oman MS 
								MBA)



SSPC (Soc of 
								Protective Coatings)




Like Us On




								FACEBOOK




Like Us On




								Google Plus


 



								Don't be fooled by slick and flashy websites 
								designed by marketing firms and web designers




QUESTIONS? READY TO 
								ORDER?



EMAIL 
								OR CALL 603 435 7199  -
								
								ORDER ONLINE
Tax 
								Free New Hampshire location - No Sales Tax 
								applied



 
WARNING: 
Don't buy epoxy from any source  that doesn't have batch numbers or Date of 
Manufacture stamped on to  their products labels.. Like all primary source 
manufacturers and vendors, we track each each unit with a batch number or 
manufacturing date hand added to each container label. It is a labor intensive, 
hands-on process that marketing based companies and firms that just want to push 
product and take your money don't do. Most (maybe all) of out competitors don't 
track or provide this information. They don't know it, or they don't want to let 
you know how old their product is. Only buy your epoxy chemicals from vendors 
that label their epoxies with actual batch numbers or Date of Manufacture. Call 
before ordering and ask if that information will be on all  containers 
shipped out.  






Section 1 - Pick your table 
top bar top epoxy vendor carefully





CLEAR 
							EPOXY TEMPERATURE NOTES:
    
							Warmer temperatures will affect your epoxy. It makes 
							the Part A thinner (lower viscosity) and it shortens 
							both your working time and the epoxy curing time 
							(note that it takes days for epoxy to fully cure 
							even though it will probably feel hard overnight). 
							Thinner epoxy means less air bubbles as the bubbles 
							can more easily rise to the surface and pop. It also 
							means a thinner layer of epoxy whether you roll, 
							squeegee or pour it on (and most thickness claims by 
							Pour On Epoxy vendors are over stated and not as 
							thick as they claim). Some epoxies are so thick you 
							cannot even get them out of their containers unless 
							the temperatures are warm (say 75 degrees). 75 
							degrees is a nice temperature for working with clear 
							epoxies, not too hot and not too cold. Thicker 
							epoxies will level out better too. Can you use them 
							at lower or higher temperature? You bet.

CLEAR EPOXY 
							YELLOWING:
All epoxies 
							will yellow - some quicker and more than others. 
							There is no such thing as a non yellowing epoxy or 
							epoxy with UV blockers (chemically not possible). 
							Epoxies will yellow outdoors in direct sunlight, but 
							they will also yellow slowly even in the dark. 
							Unless it is applied on top of a white surface you 
							probably will not notice the yellowing inside. 
							Outside it will completely cloud up over time. There 
							are some products that can be applied over the epoxy 
							that will block the UV yellowing.

THESE ARE 
							CLEAR EPOXY BASICS THAT ANY EPOXY VENDOR SHOULD MAKE 
							KNOWN UP FRONT. IF THEY HIDE THIS INFORMATION FROM 
							YOU, DON'T DO BUSINESS WITH THEM.
 




 

 



VENDOR - PRODUCT WARNINGS
/ BUYER BEWARE
Since we started selling bar top 
and table top epoxies to homeowners
and contractors years ago, other epoxy sellers have jumped on the bandwagon offering less than ideal epoxies at
low prices. There are things you need to consider:
 
* Many/most of the low cost epoxy vendors don't formulate their products
at all. Instead they purchase in bulk the raw resins and curing agents manufactured by the few giant chemical companies
that make them.  The better vendors use these 'raw materials' purchased by 
the low end vendors (and everyone else) as the starting point for their epoxies, 
and formulate the products for improved features. It is sort of like 
the difference between alcohol and 
Jack Daniels.  using a 
barrel of oil from an oil rig in your car instead of using the 
formulated/refined version called gasoline.  
Usually the only clue you have is a 'dirt cheap' price.
Epoxies aren't cheap. Good, formulated epoxies cost between
about $70 per gallon to about $80 per gallon. Special epoxies can cost hundreds of dollars a gallon. Generally, vendors
that sell through distributors have to charge more because the distributors get a 40%-60% discount on list price
and the manufacturer still has to make a profit. 
* Customer support is also a key issue for contractors and first time
homeowners (DIY folks!). First time users often need a lot of hand holding and support, before and after the
sale. To evaluate your potential supplier for 'support' we suggest you email and/or call them with questions, etc.
so that you can see if they will be there for you when you are considering the purchase, when you purchase, when
you do your pour and after the pour if you have any issues.  Best yet, call 
after hours or on the weekend.
 

* RED FLAG #1  DON'T BUY 
FROM A MARKETING COMPANY - REPEAT - DON'T BUY FROM A MARKETING COMPANY!!
You buy cars from an automobile company, computers 
from a computer company, and lumber from a lumber company. You don't buy 
industrial chemicals (i.e. epoxies) from a marketing company. You buy epoxies 
from a chemical/epoxy source. Marketing companies sell $3 sunglasses, plastic 
containers made in China, weight loss pills, and pet rocks. Epoxies are 
chemicals - deal only with professionals.
Clues that you are dealing with a marketing 
company and not an epoxy company:
1) A really slick web site but no technical, 
chemical, or scientific words or jargon. 
2) Marketing companies have Live Chat lines (how 
many small - medium sized manufacturing, technology, or scientific companies 
have employees just sitting at desks waiting for you to contact them?). 
3) A focus on pricing. Marketing is about making 
money (getting your money) and not about the product being sold. 
4) marketing companies try to sell you 'extra' high 
profit (to them) items. 
* 5) MARKETING COMPANIES WILL 
OFFER ONLY ONE PRODUCT AND CLAIM IT HAS ONLY ONE SPECIFIC USE per web 
site.  Can you imagine any manufacture/agent selling just one product to 
one small group of potential customers?
 
"Hello,

I bought 
a few gallons of XXXXXXX bar top epoxy from another web site. I was planning to 
coat a (hardwood-veneer plywood) kitchen counter-top (stained with Minwax 
water-based gel stain).
I read the instructions, but also called 
to ask about something else (stir/pour time for 1 person with 4 gallons or 
more). Because I didn’t have time yet to do the coating, I was worried about 
kitchen-activity grease or other spots getting on the counter before it was 
sealed so I called the vendor.
That vendor’s web site has a lot of 
problems with chat windows that don’t work, etc. and when I commented on these 2 
aspects of the service, the manager declined to give me any advice about the 
product, telling me I had not read the instructions. It HAD been a few months, 
so I re-read them and asked again.
He never responded, apparently not feeling 
any obligation, even if it meant I couldn’t confidently use the 6 gallons I 
purchased—a few hundred dollars’ worth! And no, I wasn’t abusive, nor anything 
but a little testy after learning I’d been misinformed.

So in hopes 
you can give general guidance, knowing I wish I had started with your site 
instead, and will do so in future (since theirs isn’t returnable):

Thank 
You" 
note: our epoxy is returnable with a 25% 
restock fee (shipping not included)







			Horror Stories Using Competitors'  Budget Epoxies

BACKGROUND: There are two types of 
			epoxy vendors. The 
			'serious' professional grade epoxies  are formulated by 
			beginning with  the raw resins manufactured
by the giant chemical companies. Call these companies EPOXY FORMULATORS.  
			Generally the low price epoxy vendors merely repackage these raw bulk resins. Not
a good thing!  Call these companies EPOXY REPACKAGERS. It is the difference 
			between Moonshine and Jack Daniels. Use only FORMULATED SPECIAL 
			PURPOSE EPOXIES LIKE THOSE SOLD IN THIS WEB SITE. Going cheap can 
			have very $$$ consequences. See Below:
EXAMPLE 1: 
			A 
			commercial epoxy pour contractor recently used our Bio Clear 810 
			pour on  epoxy to replace a badly yellowed epoxy covered logo 
			in the INSIDE  floor of regional airport terminal with our 
			'almost no yellowing' Bio Clear 810 (cyclo-aliphatic epoxies to the 
			rescue!) We don't know for certain that the original contractor used 
			some inexpensive REPACKAGER'S epoxy, but it certainly sounds like 
			it.
EXAMPLE 2: 
I recently got a phone call 
			from someone using epoxy to seal wooden tables they were selling. 
			They were using 'cheap' epoxy from a  REPACKAGER (uxcoxxxxxxxs). 
			After six months the epoxy on the tables all exhibited millions of 
			tiny cracks (like shattered safety glass). This wouldn't have 
			happened with a specially formulated epoxy designed to overcome the 
			'flaws' of the raw resins. Bad news for them.
EXAMPLE 3: 
Another phone caller told me 
			how they had ordered over a hundred gallons of epoxy in two separate 
			orders from a low cost REPACKAGER (bxxxbxxxxxxxxxy). The first batch 
			worked fine but the second batch failed completely. The vendor knew 
			it was their fault (bad batch? wrong barrel to jug pour out?) and 
			refunded their money. But that didn't undo the damage done.




RED FLAG #2 
Mis-information (wrong stuff)
Some epoxy sites are posting wrong information.

1) Epoxies take a week or more for full cure. They 
often can be used in 3 or 4 days but they continue to cure for a week or so. 
Epoxy pros all know this.
2) To pop bubbles in a liquid epoxy you heat the air 
above the epoxy with a torch etc. You run the torch/heat parallel  to the 
surface. This warms and expands the air above the bubble and the bubble pops due 
to the lower air pressure.  You DO NOT point the open flame/extreme heat at 
any chemical that will burn, including epoxy. You could also "bake or cook" the 
area where the heat is applied. Ask any high school chemistry teacher or lab 
technician. Science folks know this, marketing types not so much.
3) Like most coatings, epoxies will not stick to 
greasy or oil covered surfaces. One marketing company states that epoxy will not 
bond over oil based paints! Oil based paints are actually regular enamel paints 
sold at hardware stores that use long chain solvents (not really oils). Any 
handyman or craft person knows there is no oil film on enamel painted surfaces. 
As  you would expect, epoxies stick fine over enamels, latex and poly 
paints. Any paint professional knows this, marketing types not so much.

RED FLAG #3
No weekend or evening support. That is the time most 
DIY folks are doing epoxy pours. They work during the day! Any company that you 
cannot reach on a Friday night or Sunday Morning is looking our for their bottom 
line, not yours.

RED FLAG #4
Overlooked information. These issues should be 
clearly mentioned and explained:
1) Epoxy yellowing in UV light 
2) What happens if poured too thick - big heat kick 
and uneven surface
3) What happens if you do a poor job mixing (you get 
sticky spots that never get hard - fix = more epoxy on top)
4) Epoxy scratch relatively easily (treat with care)
5) Epoxies soften at about 160 degrees. Place a hot 
object on the epoxy and it will leave a permanent dent in the epoxy
 

Section 2 - 
Epoxies yellow
 
* 
All epoxies yellow in sunlight 
and even over time. UV 
protection cannot be added to epoxies, but can be added to other kinds of clear 
coatings that can go over the epoxy. We are very up-front about epoxy yellowing. 
If your other epoxy vendor doesn't mention it, they are not being completely 
open and honest with you.  Some even claim to have non yellowing epoxy. 
This is not chemically possible.




ALL 
			EPOXIES YELLOW IN 
UV 
			AND OVER TIME







FIVE DIFFERENT EPOXIES ALL 
			SHOWING 
YELLOWING AFTER A FEW WEEKS OUTDOORS. 
WHITE PLATE FOR REFERENCE
(WE SHOW YOU THE UGLY 
			YELLOW TRUTH)



 
The 
truth is that some epoxies yellow faster than others but they all do. It is the 
nature of epoxies. They are probably claiming the slow to yellow epoxies are 
'non yellowing' - acceptable in many marketing based companies.  UV 
blockers and absorbers cannot be added to thermoset resin systems (like epoxy) 
or the epoxy will not 'cross link' correctly. Don't believe claims to the 
contrary. If that 'magical' additive existed, it would revolutionize the epoxy 
coating industry (used on ships, boats, pits, storage tanks etc.) and become 
quickly accepted and used by every epoxy manufacturer (like the invention of the 
automatic transmission in the auto industry). And if it did exist it would come 
from some large chemical company that makes all the raw epoxy resins and curing 
agents and not some internet epoxy sales site. Finally, if there was such an 
additive or curing agent, it would certainly be introduced and marketed in much 
much larger epoxy niches than just bar tops and table tops.     



Stopping UV 
			damage and UV yellowing  
			----------------    Josie Lewis (6/2010) wrote:
Hi Paul: I recently 
			purchased some clear epoxy  and Acrylic Poly UV Plus from your 
			company. I have access to a UV chamber which simulates high altitude 
			direct UV exposure. I thought you might be interested in my 
			findings. I used a Masonite panel painted white and then coated with 
			the epoxy. On half of the epoxy coated panel, I brushed on one coat 
			of UV Poly and put it in the chamber for 644 hours at 50 C (the heat 
			accelerates the exposure). Attached is a picture of the results. The 
			masonite cracked a bit and separated due to a bit of wetness in the 
			wood (unrelated to the resin). The epoxy  ambered dramatically 
			within about 50 hours. After 644 hours, the UV Poly showed a slight 
			bit of ambering from the original control but it is marginal at 
			worst. The technician who ran the test said if it isn't yellow at 
			644 hours it is basically indestructible. I also tested several 
			other 2-part resin products with the UV Poly and had the same 
			result. You have a great product. I now feel secure knowing that my 
			resin art, protected with the Poly UV Plus, will be archival and 
			protected for long years. I will be ordering more soon!
Best, Josie (6/2010)
			Order Acrylic Poly UV plus - cannot be 
			sold in Calif. - and all our other products at our
King 
			Cart Storefront. Acrylic poly UV Plus 
			is in the non-epoxy section.



 
 
 Because of the yellowing, it is generally not a good idea to have a poured epoxy 
table / bar outside in the sun, but if you do - keep it covered with not in use.


DIY  "Bar Top" customer example
(more pictures - examples - info below)
 


 

Section 3 - 
First Things First - the math

The big shocker to people considering a thick poured on clear table top is the amount
of epoxy necessary. Here are some numbers you need to know:

1 gallon of anything applied 1/4 inch thick will only cover slightly less than 6.2 square feet.
1 gallon of anything applied 1 inch thick will only cover 1.6 square feet.
At 1/2 inch thick that gallon of epoxy will only cover about 3.2 square feet.
There 231 cubic inches in a gallon. One square foot is equal to 144 square inches.
"Pour on and over the edge epoxies" generally claim 
they put down 1/8 inch layers, but it actually less. They claim 16 square feet 
per gallon, but if it was 1/4 inch thick, coverage would only be 12 square feet. 
Note that 2 pennies stacked on top of each other equals about 1/8 inch.

(WHY DON'T THE OTHER GUYS SHARE THIS BASIC INFO WITH POTENTIAL CUSTOMERS?)


 



Note edge all around the table


Note edge all around the 
table
this is from "James" in the 'user notes' page



"Your web site is delight to scroll through, confusing and funny at the same time, with a lot of info you
wouldn't find at any "serious big corporate" web sites. Keep up the good work and good luck..."

Section 4 - 
First Things First - two part epoxy resins

Epoxies do not do well in direct sunlight (direct UV exposure).
They will turn cloudy and yellow, lose their shine and perhaps even chalk. All
epoxies, especially white and clear epoxies do this. Most do it rather quickly, within a few days of constant exposure.
Some do it very very slowly (weeks instead of days). 

 
 1) keep the table out of direct sun when not in use 
(use a cover!)

Epoxies may feel hard and 'cured' within a few hours, but they take a week or more to cure completely. If you make
the mistake of putting some paper or a heavy or sharp object on an epoxy surface that is less than several days
old, the paper will glue itself to the epoxy and the objects will 'dent' the epoxy.

Epoxies are really just a hard plastic. Mix parts A and B together and a chemical reaction occurs between the two
parts. The reaction generates heat and the epoxy gets hard. Many epoxies generate A LOT OF HEAT. So much that the
mixture might froth up, melt the container it is in, smoke, and most certainly produce an uneven surface. With
epoxies like these you are generally told not to pour out layers more than half an inch or one quarter inch (so
that less heat and distortion results due to the lesser amount of epoxy present and the amount of surface area
to 'expel the heat).

Most people would like a thick clear epoxy to apply to their table or bar top. Thick, unfortunately has trouble
with trapped tiny air bubbles. Mixing and pouring the epoxy introduces lots of bubbles to the mixture. Fortunately
most will rise to the surface and pop before the epoxy gets hard and traps them. Heating the poured epoxy with
a hair dryer will aid the bubbles rising to the surface and popping. The heat the epoxy generates as it cures (if
not too great) will also help the epoxy rise to the surface and pop.

Like most plastics, epoxies will soften with heat. Generally if you place something that is hotter than about 125
degrees F (such as a hot coffee cup) it might soften the epoxy to the point of leaving a dent, ring or depression
in the epoxy that will not go away. Keep hot things away from your epoxy surface.

Yes, it is common to build up the thickness by doing a multiple layers of epoxy pours (generally because of the
heat release on most epoxies). 
 




Hello Paul  --  Sending photos of 
			the shower my wife Regina and I designed. We wanted the shower floor 
			to convey a beach feeling. To achieve the effect, white cement was 
			used and tiny sea shells were pressed into the surface. After the 
			concrete cured I took your advice on which epoxy to use to 
			encapsulate the sea shells (Basic 
			No Blush).
			It was a bit tricky to keep the epoxy from all 
			flowing into the drain. :-) 
After brushing on three coats I used a hole saw to 
			cut thru the Basic No Blush epoxy 
			that had collected over painters tape covering the drain. Heeding 
			your warning that wet epoxy is dangerously slick, I finished the job 
			with a top coat of acrylic sealer with a glass dust nonslip 
			additive. The results are beautiful and safe.
			Thanks for the advise and great epoxy product.  
			--  Best Regards -- Mike 






 







"Paul, Finally got my top poured, your product is AWESOME. I was hesitant with
all I read about go small first, my top was 8'x2'6"x1/4". I'm the "Go big or go home" guy,
this top was my first pour & I feel that your product made it as easy as it could be. I was very surprised
at the lack of fumes, I poured in a different location & could have just poured in the store where the counter
is going."

 
Section 5 - User Notes part 1 and part 2
 
PRIME / SEAL The Surface
The 
surface to be coated is often sealed with some other product prior to pouring 
the epoxy.  This is necessary when pouring over old lumber etc. Also many 
of the objects to be covered with epoxy need to be sealed to prevent air (and 
bubbles) from coming out of them. Generally people use a clear polyurethane from 
the hardware store, or marine spar varnish, or even glue. When sealing old wood, 
seal with at least 2 coats of sealer (as per customer feedback - one coat may 
not be enough). Sealing prevents leaks, bubbles, and show possible bad stuff, 
like grease or oil that will mess up the epoxy pour. It an also glue down 
objects to be placed in the epoxy. Easier to fix before the epoxy is poured (may 
not be able to fix after the epoxy is poured).

So... two coats of clear sealer recommended - let dry for several days or 
longer.
 
WE RECOMMEND YOU 
'TEST' YOUR SEALED SURFACE WITH WATER BEFORE APPLYING THE EPOXY. THE WATER WILL 
TEST FOR LEAKS, LEVELNESS, AND BUBBLES
IF SATISFIED, SPONGE 
THE WATER OUT - WAIT A FEW DAYS TO DRY COMPLETELY THEN POUR YOUR EPOXY

The epoxy will feel dry and hard overnight, but it takes a week for it to fully
cure and harden. Do not place objects on the epoxy before then as they will stick or leave a dent or impression
in the still hardening epoxy.
Get everything at the same temperature - epoxy and the all surfaces
and keep it that way for a day or so after the pour. Avoid applying near windows etc. where sunlight will change
the temperature. Temperature changes (warmer temps) may cause bubbles to form.
Don't try to get the last few drops of epoxy out of your mixing container.
The liquid sticking to the sides and corners/edges of the container never get completely mixed. Pour your mixture
out of the mixing container but don't keep it draining out for more than 10 seconds or so. Poorly mixed epoxy will
always stay tacky or wet, either in certain areas or all over. Even better is to 
double mix. Mix in one container. Pour into a second container and mix again. 
Use the double mixed epoxy from the second container on your surface.










Section 6 - What 
can go wrong
 



WHAT CAN GO WRONG - DIY PROBLEMS WE HEAR ABOUT

1) The epoxy leaks out from the corners FIX seal the edges and corners (using some of the epoxy, varnish, etc.).
Test (maybe with water) before your big pour if you are pouring on to a surface 
with an edge all around it (option 1)/
2) Bubbles in the epoxy - either from mixing too vigorously (you're
not making whip cream!) or from the wood/objects you are covering with the epoxy. Sealing the surface prior to
the pour will take care of the bubbles from objects in the epoxy. To remove bubbles quickly pass a torch/heat gun
over the surface of the epoxy once the bubbles have reached the surface of the epoxy.

3) Stress cracks. On large pours (say over 3 or 4 gallons, or maybe greater than 15 or 16 square feet) - stress
cracks can form from all the different temperatures generated. The bigger the pour the thinner each layer of epoxy
has to be to 'handle' all the heat. I wish I could be more exact here, but I have no 'real' numbers to offer. I
have found that running a fan across the poured epoxy helps to dissipate and even-out the heat generated permitting
thicker and larger pours.

4) Ridges and an uneven surface. Just like the stress cracks, this is a result of too much epoxy (too thick) applied
at one time. The unevenness is from the heat generated (unevenly) in the pour.


We hope the information provided by 
these pages will convince you to go for Quality over low end, cheap,  
rapidly yellowing, generic 
epoxy. We are a professional  epoxy  company that wants informed 
customers and cares about those customer's projects. And yes, we ask for  
your business.....


 



THIS PAGE 
EXPLAINS EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT EPOXIES - OPTIONS, ISSUES, WHAT CAN 
GO WRONG ETC. AFTER READING THIS PAGE  SELECT YOUR OPTION AND VISIT THOSE 
LINKED PAGES
 

OPTION 1 
				--  Thick pour epoxy - use for pours over 1/4 inch and with 
				a leak-proof edge all around the project. The most professional, 
				commercial grade bar top and table top system/method ---
				GOTO OPTION 1
 

OPTION 2 -- Pour a 
				thin epoxy over your surface and let it drip over the side (or 
				brush on semi - thick coats of epoxy) use EPOXY CLEAR TOP RESIN 
				--- 
				GOTO OPTION 2 NOTE: THIS 'CLEAR' EPOXY HAS AN AMBER PART 
				A IN THE CAN - CLEAR WHEN POURED OR BRUSHED
 

OPTION 3 ---  
				special craft projects use a thicker marine type epoxy (which 
				has more bubbles)  -   examples at
				Maine Coast 
				Creations web site. - Often used to fill cracks and knot 
				holes in wood bar slabs etc. use BASIC NO BLUSH EPOXY -
				buy at epoxyusa.com USE TO 
				FILL KNOT HOLES ETC. IN SLABS OF WOOD/BAR TOPS
 

OPTION 4 
				--  Brush on a solvent thinned epoxy epoxy sealer and 
				primer (use ESP 155) , then top coat with several coats of INDIA 
				SPAR VARNISH.  Note; these two products cannot be sold in 
				California. ---
				GOTO OPTION 4


Click here for the latest "how to instructions and comments"
formatted as a PDF file for easy downloading/printing..






	 





SUPERHERO COATS: 
				


Definition: 
				Epoxy and non-epoxy coatings products with extremely unique and 
				one-of-a-kind properties. Not found in stores or other web 
				sites, these products offer solutions to problems often 
				considered impossible. 
Examples include epoxy paints and putties that 
				can be applied underwater (think swimming pool repair and touch 
				up, underwater boat and dock repairs) ; clear gloss 2-part poly 
				with MASSIVE uv blockers etc. (keep epoxy from yellowing, high 
				end boat and epoxy floor top coat);  heat reflecting, 
				anti-rust, aluminum boat leak sealer, metal, wood, fiberglass 
				aluminum filled, metallic, moisture cured urethane (MCU).



Find 
				SUPERHERO  COATINGS AND EPOXIES
				
				HERE




 



LEGAL NOTICE: By visiting this web site you agree that the laws of the state of New Hampshire, without
regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these terms and conditions and any dispute of any sort that
might arise. Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to this site or to products you purchase through
epoxyoutlet.com shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Pittsfield, New Hampshire, except that, to the
extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate our intellectual property rights, we may seek injunctive
or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of New Hampshire, and you consent to exclusive
jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then
prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered
as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.



 









-- Paul, Thanks for all your advice, tips & moral support concerning my 
project. It turned out beautiful.  Quality people backing a quality product is the only way to go!
Sincerely, Joe  Laissez les Bon Temps Rouler!! 















Date: Mon, 15 July 15:28:52 +0100
	From: "Lee" <xx@xxxxxx>
	 

	Hi Paul

	Just to let you know that the epoxy paint arrived today. It was a pleasure doing business with a company that is
	prepared go the extra yard to sell their product, even for such a small order. Thanks again for all you help and
	patience --- Lee

  





							"FISHEYE" WARNING
CAUSES, 
				PREVENTION AND CURE OF "FISHEYE" IN YOU CLEAR EPOXY









Fisheyes (see picture) happen when 
							working with clear epoxies. They don’t always 
							happen, but they are not that rare although epoxy 
							vendors tend to downplay the risk of fisheyes. 
							Fisheye will form within about 10-20 minutes after 
							the epoxy has been applied to surface. 
CAUSES
Fisheyes are all about surface 
							tension and often surface contamination of oils, 
							waxes, silicones etc. Fisheyes  are much less common in 
							pigmented epoxies and epoxies with fillers and 
							binders which ‘hold the epoxy together’ and 
							preventing fisheyes. Of course, adding fillers, 
							pigments or binders results in an epoxy that is no 
							longer clear. 
Fisheyes can result when clear 
							epoxies are applied too thin (often to slightly 
							contaminated surfaces, but not necessarily) with 
							surface stresses exceed the ability of the epoxy to 
							‘hold together." They are much more common on smooth 
							glassy surfaces and rare on rough surfaces.
 
FISHEYES WILL NOT FORM WHEN USING 
							FIBERGLASS CLOTH WITH YOUR CLEAR (MARINE TYPE) 
							EPOXY.
 
FISHEYES ARE RATHER COMMON WHEN 
							EPOXY IS APPLIED OVER NEWLY STAINED SURFACES. ALWAYS 
							ALLOW 'STAINS' TO DRY FOR 1 -2 WEEKS BEFORE TOP 
							COATING WITH ANY SORT OF COATING.
 

							PREVENTION
Thicker layers of clear epoxy are 
							the answer to preventing most fisheyes. The Bio 
							Clear 810 epoxy is so thin that it is recommended 
							not to be applied in thicknesses of less then 1/4 
							inch thick (which requires and edge or dam around 
							all edges). It is commonly used in professional bar 
							top and table top applications.
When working with other ‘pour on’ 
							epoxies, fisheyes tend to happen (if they are going 
							to happen) when the epoxy is spread out or brushed 
							out instead of just poured on and allowed to flow 
							out on its own - resulting in a thicker layer).
FIX
Keep an eye on your "pour on" or 
							brushed on clear epoxy for the first 30 minutes or 
							so after application. If you see fisheyes forming 
							you can generally ‘fx’ them by pouring more epoxy 
							over the forming fisheye. 
If your epoxy is already 'hard' when 
							you notice the fisheyes, here are your options. If 
							the fisheyes are caused by surface contamination 
							then sanding down and/or adding more epoxy may not 
							help - the still present contamination will once 
							again cause more fisheyes in the new second coat of 
							epoxy. A possible fix is to 'seal' the contaminated 
							epoxy with a clear poly sealer and paint which MIGHT 
							separate the contaminates from the the new epoxy to 
							be applied over the poly sealer.
If the fisheyes are caused by minor 
							surface contamination or just too thin of a layer of 
							epoxy you can: 1) pour on more epoxy over the 
							fisheyes and entire surface (but you will still see 
							a slight dimple or depression over the old fisheye 
							sites), 2) sand away the fisheyes and the entire 
							surface and re-apply more epoxy.
 
BEST ADVICE
A majority of fisheyes are caused by 
							applying clear epoxies too thin on smooth surfaces. 
							In one sense it is best to apply the epoxy as thick 
							as possible, however, if it does fisheye the you 
							will have a real mess to sand away or re-do. Best 
							advice might be to apply a thin coat of epoxy in a 
							small test spot. If it does fisheye, you can 
							probably remove the still liquid epoxy with a 
							solvent soaked rag. If the epoxy is already hard, 
							the thin coat of epoxy in a small test area will not 
							be that big of a deal to sand off. If it doesn't 
							fisheye you can proceed with more epoxy at that 
							thickness or thicker without worry.
Do a test. Brush on a thin coat of your clear 
				epoxy on a 4 inch by 4 inch area. Watch it for about 20 minutes 
				to see if it fisheyes. Whether it does or not, scrap off or 
				remove with a solvent soaked rag. Now you know what to expect.
If you are into your Big Project and 
							see fisheyes forming, adding more epoxy over them is 
							your best fix. So... keep an eye on your clear epoxy 
							application for about 20 - 30 minutes after you 
							apply the epoxy and be on the lookout for developing  
							fisheyes.




 








Skip it all and get answers fast (or just 
				talk about  your idea).
Email us for 
help or questions about your epoxy pour project or the Bar Top epoxy resins. 
				Leave a number and the best time to call if you want a one on 
				one conversation. That's business the old fashion way!





Too 
								Hot, Too cold outside? 

Kids 
								on Vacation time?




								Let's plan your home, pool, boat, RV, bar top 
								project while waiting for things to change


  
								Largest selection of epoxies (and some urethane) 
								on the internet
More options for 
								you!



								Unmatched 24/7 Help and support  
								603-435-7199


 Home 
								of the EPOXY GURU 
								(check him out!)



 







										PRODUCT SPOTLIGHT:





 Wet Dry 700 Epoxy


Ultimate Repair Epoxy 
										Paste 
Above and below the 
										Waterline
Like Nothing You 
										Have Ever Worked With Before!


Need to fix, glue, patch, fill, bond, 
										coat or cover something underwater? Need 
										to reinforce/wrap corroded, damaged or 
										leaking pipes (with epoxy and fiberglass 
										cloth)? Need to do a fiberglass cloth 
										and epoxy repair with a non sagging 
										epoxy paste? (even underwater?). How 
										about sealing electrical connections in 
										a ‘glob’ of waterproof epoxy? Patching 
										some wood rot? One of our customers 
										repaired serious rot in an 100 year old 
										marine railway submerged under 12 feet 
										of water.
Wet Dry 700 has saved sinking boats 
										(and sunk boats - read Escape From 
										Hermit Island available at Amazon.com. 
										The authors recommend you don’t leave 
										your dock without this epoxy - see
										
										epoxyproducts.com/cs_boat.html). It 
										is also used on leaking pools and 
										corroding barge mounted floating homes.

Welcome to the world of Wet Dry 700 
										(tm) Epoxy
Wet Dry 700 (tm) epoxy paste is a 
										leading example of consumer driven epoxy 
										technology, resulting in a versatile, 
										field friendly repair product for 
										difficult environments. Wet Dry is a 
										solvent free, high performance epoxy 
										reinforced with kevlar (tm) pulp and 
										feldspar/ceramic. It can be applied to 
										wet, damp, or dry surfaces.
Wet Dry 700 looks a bit like joint 
										compound (dry wall mud), or cake icing 
										with a simple 1 to 1 mix ratio that you 
										can ‘eyeball’. A scoop of Part A and an 
										equal scoop of Part B and you are ready 
										to go.
This is one of our top selling 
										epoxies. People first buy it for a 
										specific project and then generally buy 
										more just to have on hand.






										"I cannot believe how incredible this 
										Wet Dry 700 is. It's revolutionary. 
										The original repair to my storm shelter 
										would have lasted years if the shelter 
										would just shifting around in the 
										ground. DON'T STOP SELLING THIS STUFF!" 
										Jeff 1/2013







													Order this EPOXY 
													product NOW








(10/2013)     
										Comments: Returning  -  Underwater 
										repair


"My third or 
										fourth order and am still quite pleased 
										with the result. It has many uses above 
										and below the water line"





Another Amazing Product 
										-  ALUTHANE 
										aluminum Moisture Cured Urethane Coating 
										- corrosion fighting, heat reflecting, 
										temperature resistant sealer, primer, 
										top coat. Use on wood, metal, 
										fiberglass, cement.
										
										READ MORE




										PROGRESSIVE EPOXY POLYMERS, INC - 603 - 
										435 - 7199

										Amazing Products - Amazing Support 
										
(see 
										our home page CLICK HERE)




data sheets and msds and SDS sheets 
										at
										
										epoxyproducts.com/datamsds.html




 
 



 
 



MARINE CATALOG


				HOME/DIY/COMMERCIAL CATALOG


 
 



Section One 
TWO PART MARINE EPOXIES- CLEAR EPOXIES

basic no 
				blush (tm)

Section A EPOXY PAINTS
corro coat FC 2100; NSP 120; water gard 300; coal
tar ; CM 15; crack coat™ 



Section Two FILLERS THICKENERS ADDITIVESfumed silica; microsphere/balloons; poly fibers; copper; graphite; Teflon (tm); wood flour; EZ thick; rock flour
 

Section B FLOOR EPOXIES (regular and non-skid products), SEALERS, ACCESSORIES
water bond (water based); solvent free industrial floor epoxy; bio
vee seal; water based floor epoxy, floor epoxy 
with grit; walnut shell; ground white rubber grit


Section Three THICKENED EPOXIES - EPOXY PUTTIES, ETC.wet/dry 700; splash zone; quick fix 2300, QR 2400 rubber epoxy


Section C 
THICKENED EPOXIES - EPOXY PUTTIES, ETC.

wet/dry 700; splash zone A-788, quick fix 2300; QR 2400 (tm) rubber epoxy



Section Four 
TWO PART EPOXY PAINTS (barrier coats)corro coat FC 2100; water gard 300; CM 15; EZ Spray; epoxy primer; crack coat™



Section D CLEAR TWO PART EPOXIES
low V epoxy; basic no blush; 
ESP 155; 
Bio-Clear 810



Section Five URETHANES AND NON-EPOXY COATINGS Aluthane (aluminum coating);
LPU Marine

Section E 
NON-EPOXY PAINTS SEALERS
Aluthane moisture cured urethane; Acrylic Poly UV Plus 
and other 2 part polys ; 
Capt.
Tolley's creeping crack sealer


Section Six NON-SKID DECK COATINGSwalnut shell; ground white rubber
 

Section F 
MIX-IN ADDITIVES
fumed silica; fiber fill; micro balloons/micro-spheres; graphite; Teflon (tm); copper
powder; wood flour; EZ thick, rock flour


Section Seven MARINE REPAIR PRODUCTSpipe wrap; fiberglass tape (cloth); Capt. Tolley's Creeping Crack Cure

 


Section Eight MISC. MARINE PRODUCTSshort nap rollers; TA 661 (solvent free epoxy clean-up); 1 inch foam brushes; 2 inch
bristle brushes; tongue depressors


HELP PAGE

 INDEX




One page 
				summary/prices - marine catalog


One page 
				summary/prices -DIY/HOME catalog





				BUY FROM PRIMARY STOREFRONT



				BUY FROM PRIMARY STOREFRONT




internet 
				boat links page


internet 
				floor links page

Internet 
				DIY repair links page




									Call (603-435-7199) or
									
									EMAIL with questions /phone orders etc. about what you're doing. We try 
									to earn your business one phone call at a 
									time!
 


 
 



 













											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 

#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches

#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches

#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											



											company video




											Contact Page




 



 



Best Bar Top - Table Top Epoxy 
Resin - Pourable - links - help
Best two part Clear DIY Epoxy Resin for your Bar Top Table Top - BIO CLEAR 810 
epoxy
####
\ 
 










 



Epoxy Flooring Superstore | GarageCoatings.com



















































RECENT WORKS
OUR COLORS
PHOTO CONTEST
NEWS/PRESS
FAQ
CONTACT US



FREE SHIPPING*US & International
VIEW COUPONSClick to view all coupons


Sign In
My Cart



Your shopping cart is empty.


 View & Edit Cart
						














 SHOP FOR 
Epoxy FlooringGarage Epoxy Flooring KitsCommercial Epoxy FlooringIndustrial Epoxy Flooring Epoxy Floor Coating ProductsPolyaspartic/Polyurea Floor CoatingsUrethane Floor Coating ProductsPrecast Cove Base SystemsSealers and TopcoatsFloor Coating AcceleratorsFlake/Lava Flow Metallic EpoxyConcrete Repair & Preparation ProductsConcrete Repair & Preparation EquipmentOther Decorative Coatings Deck CoatingsSundry ItemsSpecialsGarage StorageGarage Storage CabinetsHardwareCountertopsOverhead Garage Storage RacksGarage Slatwall Kits & AccessoriesSpecialsTraining & SalesEpoxy Floor Training for Pros & DIYsSamples/Sales LiteratureClothingSpecialsCountertop Sealer


Contractor Pro Order
Contractor Pro Order 

Garage Flooring
Cabinet Hardware
Concrete Prep. Equipment
Epoxy Application Tools
Quick Order Form






SEARCH OUR PRODUCTS:






ProductsOrdersBackordersShipmentsInvoicesMy AddressesPaymentsPrice ListFavorite Lists


















Pigmented Epoxy Flooring Product





Roll On RockÂŽ Product





Our Flooring Kits Information





Lava FlowÂŽ System Kit Product





Garage Coatings Storage Cabinets Productss





About Garage Coating and Versatile Building Products





























Shop  Garage Epoxy Flooring



Shop Commercial Flooring
Shop Industrial Flooring





Recent Work


  



Read more











Industrial Strength
Whether in an industrial setting or a home garage, our epoxy floor coatings are designed to provide a strong and durable finish. Our Seamless floor finishes are suitable from Auto Mechanic Shops to Dog Kennels to your Garage Floor.


One-Day Install
Our most popular epoxy floor coating can be installed in one day resulting in very little down time for your business or garage. With the combination of our patented accelerator, epoxy primer, fast drying polyurea and polyaspartic top coats you can achieve a one-day install.


Maintenance Free
Our clear, abrasion-resistant polyasparitic topcoats produce a tough, easy-to-clean surface that does not require waxing or other labor-intensive upkeep. Ideal for demanding environments, Versatile Building Products® epoxy flooring is aesthetically pleasing and impact, abrasion and chemical resistant.


No Peeling
Versatile Building Products® flooring systems are built on our proprietary direct-to-concrete epoxy that wicks deep into the concrete, and bonds so well that you can expect to get over 8lbs of moisture vapor emission-blocking power. With up to 3 times more adhesion than other epoxy and polyasparitic coatings, they will not peel or flake – period!







Important Notice: We are currently encountering intermittent technical difficulties with our ecommerce platform. If you are encountering issues with placing your order, please contact our customer support team at 800-535-3325. We apologize for any inconvenience and thank you for your business.
Garage Coatings.com – Your Epoxy Flooring Superstore
“We developed something better for the professional installer,” says our CEO, Mike Meursing, summing up what makes our products and our store so special. “All you need is bare concrete that’s unsealed and porous.” It’s no wonder Garage Coatings.com is America’s choice for epoxy flooring, with over 60 million sq. ft. sold and counting!

Epoxy Flooring Systems & Supplies: American Made, America Strong
When you make Garage Coatings.com your source for garage flooring systems and supplies, you’re choosing the toughest, most durable epoxy flooring in the business. In every test against other epoxy coating systems, the 4195 Direct to Concrete Epoxy flooring from Garage Coatings.com has come out on top. Our epoxies are American made, America strong, and come with a lifetime adhesion warranty.
Garage Epoxy Flooring Kits & Supplies from Garage Coatings.com
Garage Coatings.com offers a range of garage flooring kits and supplies, as well as custom-made garage storage systems. Our flooring options give professional installers and do-it-yourselfers a variety of flooring styles, colors, and finishes. Our most popular systems include:

4195 Direct to Concrete Epoxy. Easy to install, tremendously durable, and available in nine different colors, our 4915 Direct to Concrete Epoxy is America’s best epoxy flooring product.
Roll on Rock®. Our Roll on Rock® system combines with 4195 Epoxy to deliver a rock-solid appearance with rock-solid toughness.
Lava Flow®. Our Lava Flow® system delivers an eye-catching metallic appearance that brings distinction to any space.

Why Buy Through Garage Coatings.com
With Garage Coatings.com, you don’t just get access to America’s strongest epoxy, urethane, acrylic, polyurea, and polyaspartic flooring supplies. We also offer free shipping*, bulk discounts, and a Customer for Life program perfect for professional installers. Most importantly of all, you receive unbeatable quality at an unbelievable, factory-direct price. Explore our products today and discover the difference that comes with epoxy flooring from Garage Coatings.com.







PRODUCT SPOTLIGHT











Roll On Rock®  Epoxy Garage Flooring & Coating System






														Price: $0.00
													

												Starting At: $509.95

												












Epoxy Floor Applicator Packs: for Lava Flow, Roll On Rock, Solid Colors






														Price: $0.00
													

												Starting At: $66.76

												












4195 Direct to Concrete Pigmented Epoxy Flooring






														Price: $0.00
													

												Starting At: $75.18

												












5073 Polyurea Fast Drying High Solids Clear Polyurea Flooring Topcoat






														Price: $0.00
													

												Starting At: $236.11

												












1 Day Epoxy Garage Flooring and Cabinet Training Class






														Price: $99.00
													

												Starting At: $99.00

												












Deck Paint






														Price: $0.00
													

												Starting At: $63.97

												

















Versatile Building Products® 245 W Carl Karcher Way Anaheim, CA 92801 800 535 3325 Intl: 714-829-2600Contact Us









Quick Links


Versatile Blog
Careers
Photo Contest
Training & Videos
About Us
Contact Us



Garage Coatings FAQ
Privacy Policy
Sales Terms and Conditions
Facebook Terms of Use
Training Reservation From



Subscribe to our Newsletter
Subscribe





About UsWhen you make Garage Coatings.com your source for garage flooring systems and supplies, you’re choosing the toughest, most durable epoxy flooring in the business. In every test against other epoxy coating systems, the 4195 Direct to Concrete Epoxy flooring from Garage Coatings.com has come out on top. Our epoxies are American made, America strong, and come with a lifetime adhesion warranty.
Read More »







Copyright ©2017 Versatile Building Products. All Rights Reserved
Ecommerce & ERP Integration by Website Pipeline





×








×
 Estimate Shipping


























		WARNING: You will not be able to place an order or use most features of this site with JavaScript disabled
	








EPOXY --  Two part resin - marine floor epoxy rot leak repair - 603 435-7199 anytime




















PROGRESSIVE EPOXY 
POLYMERS, INC.





																	BUY 
																	COATINGS, 
																	EPOXY, ETC. 
																	HERE









From everything 
				boats to table tops to floors to pebble decks,  to penny 
				floors, to swimming pools 
				and nuclear reactors -- Our epoxies cover the world. We only 
				sell the best quality and best performing coatings. Looking for 
				low end, under performing products at dumpster diving prices? - 
				you'll need to shop someplace else. So, what can we 
				do for you?




				Check out our
				
				'SUPERHERO' 1-of-a-kind-coatings that you cannot get on any 
				other web site or store



Epoxy 
				only internet web search engine -
				
				CLICK



NO SALES TAX - You 
are shopping in TAX FREE New Hampshire






									Existing Customer Priority

									EMAIL link ---  like on
									
									FACEBOOK


APPREHENSIVE?
							New to Epoxies? (They can be $$$). 
							Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL) and put yourself at ease with a 1 on 1 
							conversation about your project, which products will 
							work best for you, and how to use them. After 
							purchase "handholding", support, and encouragement 
							are also available anytime. We freely share our 20 
							plus years of epoxy experience and problem solving 
							experience.  If our owner, Paul Oman, 
							is not available he will return your call quickly. 
							Emails are answered all day long. Without potential 
							customers, repeat customers, and friends like you 
							that want some free, quick advice, New Hampshire 
							based Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc., 
							a Better Business Bureau member, would not exist. 

							Thank you
							in advance and 
							thank you
							for visiting epoxyproducts.com. We 
							appreciate your interest in our company and will 
							share with you all the information you need.
In a hurry? Our
TOP SELLING 
PRODUCTS/FAVORITE PRODUCTS  page probably has the information and 
products and purchase links you're looking for.

							 PRIMARY 
STORE LINK --- 
COMPANY VIDEO 

							--- EPOXY GURU HELP SITE 
--- 


ALUTHANE MCU PAINT 
--- BASIC NO BLUSH (MARINE 
AND STONE EPOXY) --- BUY NO BLUSH



HOT SPOTS:


			shippingContainers

swimPool

bartops

cellarLeaks

dataSheet



barrierCoats

pebbleDeck

floors

boats

rot repair

HELP/INDEX


Epoxy 
only internet web search engine -
				
				CLICK


Progressive Epoxy Polymers, 
Inc.

HOME PAGE
LARGEST INTERNET SOURCE OF 
EPOXY 
RESIN PRODUCTS (homepage)
Biggest 
selection of super high performance
cycloaliphatic and/or
epoxy adducts and/or
nonyl-phenol free 
epoxies and coatings anywhere! Find out why these 'special' epoxies give you the 
best bang for your buck.
Welcome to 
the world of professional epoxies and coatings. You will not find these kinds of 
coatings on Amazon, or at your craft. hobby, box or boating store. 











											Read about epoxy web site fibs, half 
											truths, fake facts, and misleading 
											statements before you buy from any 
											online vendor. Knowledge is power!
											


											CLICK HERE





 
 Boat 
Owners: Our formulated non blushing marine epoxy with bubble 
breakers is the best boat building and repair resin you can buy!
















											If your
											
											"HELP" person can't explain 
											nonyl-phenol, cyclo-aliphatic 
											epoxies, epoxy adducts, MCU 
											urethanes or LPU polyurethanes, 
											they're salespeople and not coating 
											professionals. If your
											
											"SUPPORT" person won't return 
											your call on a Sunday afternoon, 
											they're not really interested in 
											you. At
											
											Progressive Epoxy Polymers/EpoxyProducts.com 
											we are your Help and Support 
											Professionals.
											
											Call : 603 - 435 7199





																	"We are the only company that shows you who we are (watch 
	our 2 min video);






 email 
	support 







(nonyl 
	free epoxies -- 
	epoxy adducts -- 
	cyclo-aliphatic epoxies -- 
											LPU --
											
											MCU





 











										COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - PROFESSIONAL  
										PRODUCTS





										You won't find these products, or 
										products like it, in a general purpose, 
										mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or 
										flashy marketing company website. 





 


"The Right Epoxy Fixes Darn Near Everything!"











Yes you 
										can apply some of our special epoxies 
										underwater. 
Fix 
										your boat, your pool, your basement - 
										and more!
										
										CLICK HERE












 









The Internet's (and probably America's)
	most diverse, unbiased, largest source for multi-vendor coating solutions involving  
	two part epoxies 
	(sometimes called "Goo"),  resins, and
	related products. Begin your search here! WE POST PRICES! Order online or email with your order or questions. We've
	been selling epoxies since the early 1990s. Watch our 2 minute
	company video



  Audio Introduction
to Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc.

Epoxy 
only internet web search engine -
				
				CLICK




This "Uniquely Different/Outside Of The Box"
site has three functions. It is:

1) 
A MASSIVE EPOXY INFO SITE 
- epoxies and similar
coatings in general and for marine/boat and home/commercial use;
 
2) 
ONLINE MARINE EPOXY 
CATALOG -  resins and related goods 
online 
marine epoxy and related epoxies catalog 
 
 3) 
A ONLINE HOME/BUS EPOXY 
CATALOG -  
resins  and related goods 
online 
epoxy paints, floor epoxies, clear epoxies etc. catalog

 

No Sales Tax applied. Save Money. 
You're shopping
in Tax Free New Hampshire 


	INTRODUCTION
This is a massive 200 page information, data
and product rich web site -- 10 pages of INFO
for every catalog SALES page! Many
of our solvent free epoxies can be found on our much







more simple, second web site - template
						web site/store www.epoxyUSA.com. Unlike
						our competitors who just want to sell you something from their web site, we want educated consumers and we like
						to share our knowledge with you.



"Hi 
			there! This e-mail has no question but I was just looking through 
			your site and I wanted to say that it's great! I was just looking 
			around the internet to read about the subject of epoxy and no other 
			site I visited was as helpful as yours. You are very knowledgeable 
			in that subject and I admire that. Great work and I wish you the 
			best! "  - Gabriella  10/15




			You don't find endorsements like this on other sites!


 

Your web site is delight to 
scroll through, confusing and funny at the same time, with a lot of info you 
wouldn't find at any "serious big corporate" web sites. Keep up the good work 
and good luck..."










NEW TO EPOXY? Learn 
about the major 2-part epoxy product groups -


Everything-Epoxy.info (primary 
site) - Click Here (secondary 
site)



PAGE AND SITE 
			NAVIGATION







 keywords=epoxy

Progressive Epoxy Polymers Inc. Home Page




MARINE
NAVIGATION
BAR


Main
			Home Page ====>*


Marine
			Home Page ====>*


Marine Catalog Contents Page ====>*


Marine
			Online Catalog Page ====>*


Contact
			Page /Link to Storefront/Ordering
*


This is a Core Page
(gray background)


HELP Page




Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc.


.YOU ARE HERE.


..


..


..


..


..


 MSDS
			/DATA






DIY/INDUST
NAVIGATION
BAR


Main
			Home Page ====>*


Res/Ind
			Home Page ====>*


Res/Ind
			Catalog Contents Page ====>*


Res/Ind
			Online Catalog Page ====>*


Contact
			Page /Link to Storefront/Ordering
*


This is a Core Page
(gray background)


HELP Page




Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc.


.YOU ARE HERE.


..


..


..


..


..


 MSDS
			/DATA



 





CATEGORY
NAVIGATION
BAR


Main
			Home Page ====>*


Epoxy
			Floor Links Page ====>*


 Marine - Boat Related
			Links Page ====>*


Epoxy
			Repair Related Links Page ====>*


Learn
			About Epoxies Links ====>
*


Bar Top -
			Table Top Clear Epoxy ====>
*


TOP
			SELLING PRODUCTS



FYI: catalog pages are blue (marine) or yellow (home/indust), info pages are green,
product pages are purple, core pages are gray








As with all commercial web sites, by accessing
				and using these pages and links you are agreeing to the terms/conditions, disclaimers, etc. as set forth on our
				legal page which you are invited to read and print out.






MEMBER:  
Internet Epoxy Confederation (IEC - 
CLICK HERE TO VISIT) 

"Where Professionalism Still Matters"

We've been selling epoxy -  since the early 1990's










We spend $475 
											(2017) each year with the regional Better Business Bureau 
	supporting our community, our fellow businesses and living up to their high 
	demands of honesty and performance. We believe in old fashion values of 
											personal and business integrity
We also maintain professional memberships in national coating 
	and scientific 
	associations reflecting our background in the technical and chemical aspects 
	of epoxy resin systems for over 25 years.
We hope you include this information in our consideration when deciding 
	to do business with us and when evaluating Progressive Epoxy Polymers 
	against other online vendors.









No Sales Tax applied. Save Money, you're shopping
in Tax Free New Hampshire








 





											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 
#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches
#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches
#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											


											company video
 







 








Let's 
			stay connected.
It's a win-win situation. Receive our online NEWSLETTER by
			
			emailing us your name and email address.





goto: 
Buy From:

 

1)   PRIMARY ONLINE 
STORE  a King Cart (tm) 3rd party store - has all our products

2)  Our Simple #2 store --  
	 EPOXYUSA.COM SECONDARY ONLINE STORE  has just our primary, non-solvent, non-restricted 
	products

We save a sunken yacht!
- Epoxy repairs underwater (yes, you can 
apply epoxy underwater!!) A great read (buy the book from AMAZON that tells the 
amazing story of two women stranded in the Pacific). 
What do you do when your 
sailboat hits a coral head and sinks in the lagoon of an obscure Pacific Island? 
You fix it with underwater epoxies from Progressive Epoxy (that’s us!), refloat 
the boat and sail away.  Read all about it in the book

"Escape From Hermit Island" 
available at Amazon.com.  


!!! SEVEN EPOXIES/COATINGS THAT 
WILL SOLVE ALMOST ANY PROBLEM !!!



							VISIT NOW FOR TOP SELLING - PROBLEM SOLVING COATINGS


EPOXY GURU
 
- Internet's most popular "how to" epoxy/coating help 
site. Get answers - ask Questions. CHECK OUT THE GURU! 






							 "Paul Oman (owner of Progressive Epoxy - 603 
435 7199) is a very knowledgeable man , and freely shares his knowledge. His 
products are high quality and as represented. And he answers his phone." 
Ralph


			"You provide outstanding products, and Fantastic 
			Support. Thank You."
				

				Brian S.
				

"Thanks for all your advice, tips & moral support 
				concerning my project. It turned out beautiful. Quality people backing a quality product is the 
				only way to go!"
				

Joe

"Thanks for the help on the phone yesterday with the 2100F epoxy. Using 
a smaller batch in a wide tray worked out great. I appreciate your help, and 
especially that you are available by phone...and answer the phone. Thanks 
again". ---- Tim  9/16



 EMAIL 
-  7/22/13    

WOW I have never heard of a company that told me to NOT use their product. If any one questions your 
integrity post this response! 

Thanks for your honesty.  
      



Barb









Marine
				1 Page 
				Product/Price list --- for
				Marine 
				Catalog



DIY
			1 
			Page Product/Price list --- for
			DIY/Commercial 
			Catalog






				Help EMAIL US //
				Boat Links 
				// Floor 
				Links //
				DIY 
				Repair Links // 
				BUY online //
				SITE MAP INDEX





WARNING: 
	Don't buy epoxy from any source  that doesn't have batch numbers or 
	Date of Manufacture stamped on to  their products labels.. Like all 
	primary source manufacturers and vendors, we track each each unit with a 
	batch number or manufacturing date hand added to each container label. It is 
	a labor intensive, hands-on process that marketing based companies and firms 
	that just want to push product and take your money don't do. Most (maybe 
	all) of out competitors don't track or provide this information. They don't 
	know it, or they don't want to let you know how old their product is. Only 
	buy your epoxy chemicals from vendors that label their epoxies with actual 
	batch numbers or Date of Manufacture. Call before ordering and ask if that 
	information will be on all containers shipped out.  




							 






							Confused?
							Visit our FAVORITE TOP SELLING PRODUCTS PAGE. Top 
							Products, user comments. Solutions to all your 
							project needs. 
							
							epoxyproducts.com/favorites4u.html










How This Web Site is 
	OrganizedDirectly below 
	are short "teasers" for several epoxies and/or epoxy applications. 
	Including BAR TOPS, UNDERWATER SWIMMING POOL REPAIR, 
	ROT REPAIR, (SECOND 
	ROT REPAIR SITE) LEAKING 
	BASEMENT AND MORE.  
 
Then 
	scroll 
	down some more for more complete information on each of the SECTIONS listed here:
Section 1 
- Floor epoxies - water based, grit filled, solvent free (with regular and slow 
summer cure). ALUTHANE (see section 5) non epoxy in-expensive floor option 

"How to Avoid a $$$ DIY floor epoxy failure"
 
Section 2 
- Boat / marine laminating epoxies - non blushing marine epoxy (regular. summer, winter 
versions), barrier coat epoxies, marine repair products
 
Section 3 
- Two part epoxy paints - leaking basements, tanks, pits (largest selection 
of different types - call to talk 603 435 7199)
 
Section 4 
- Bar top - table top epoxy. Not the 'inferior clear epoxy sold by the 
competitors" (it takes more than a clear epoxy to make a quality clear epoxy bar top).The "EPOXY GURU" explains the best 
treatment for a wooden outdoor table. It is NOT a poured-on epoxy -
Table-GURU - also info on PENNY FLOORS!
 
Section 5 
- Epoxy putties and Polyurethane coatings (MCU - LPU) including two part marine 
polys - ALUTHANE
 
Section 6 
- Underwater epoxy (apply underwater) - SWIMMING POOL REPAIR - BOAT REPAIR - 
DAMS - WET AREAS from sinking boats to leaking fountains. Fix that chip or crack 
in the pool inexpensively with underwater epoxy paints before the damage gets 
worse and needs $$$$ 3rd party repairs. "I feel that any person taking a boat to sea anywhere, anytime, should carry your product aboard and know how to
apply it. If I can assist you in distributing or advertising your product, I am more than happy to do so." 
(Wet Dry 700 and/or Corro Coat FC 2100 A - keep 1 - 2 gallons onboard if you 
venture offshore) Joy S. and Leslie B.,
US Yacht Banshee 
Authors: Escape From Hermit 
Island
 
Section 7 
- Pebble deck epoxy products - reseal - repair - or create your pebble decks. 
Call 603 435 7199 to talk about your situation. If you have loose stones - 
you're past the time you should have resealed. Fix and reseal now before it is 
too late.
 
Section 8 
- Epoxy Fillers and thickeners - largest epoxy filler/thickener/additive 
selection anywhere
 
Section 9 
	- Links and sections in our MARINE CATALOG and in our HOME/COMMERCIAL 
	CATALOG





							Search EPOXY ONLY GOOGLE for all of these products



							-



				CLICK






TEASER SECTION
Teaser/quick intro:


 
epoxy resin paint / 

FLOOR EPOXY OPTIONS 
Let's talk 
floors - 603 435 7199
 
(best and 
widest source 
of epoxy floor info on the internet)
   garage 
coatings ---  WE ONLY OFFER COMMERCIAL/CONTRACTOR grade floor epoxies, not 
the lower quality box store/consumer web site products that have flooded the 
market over the last few year. 





Professionals serving Professionals (and informed consumers) 

- Member: NACE (National Assoc. of Corrosion Engineers)  - SSPC (Soc. of 
Protective Coatings)  -  BETTER BUSINESS BUREAU (buy with trust)

 Now 
offering: SLOW SUMMER 
CURE  for our 100% solids  floor epoxy- call for options 603 
435 7199




Low 
			V Epoxy (solvent free - odorless)



Recommended for 
			Shipping Container floor seal/coating


LINKS:http://www.jetsongreen.com/2014/02/building-the-tin-can-cabin-from-shipping-containers.html


LINKS:


			http://www.tincancabin.com/2010/09/the-floor-dilemma/




Low V (catalog)  
			-----  BUY NOW



Also consider
			Aluthane 
			(TM) mcu aluminum paint to cover lead based paint and stop/prevent 
			rust on container walls/roof




you can order bulk order our Industrial Floor Epoxy in any gallon amount 
over 15 gallons packed in five gallon pails(besides our standard 1.5 gal units 
packed in DIY cans)
 





Also Available - Epoxy 
				Concrete Primer and Sealer (ESP 
				155 not for sale in CA) and Internal Concrete Sealer (Bio 
				Vee Seal) leaves nothing on the surface. You might only need 
				the ESP 155 (thus saving $$$). Do you need these 
				under your epoxy floor coating? Call to find out. 603 435 7199
				- A top 
				problem solving coating - best seller


 






A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find these products, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 





 
scroll down 
	to bottom of page for more information on this epoxy section 





							Search EPOXY ONLY GOOGLE for all of these products



							-



				CLICK





Or 
	contact us about your floor project and get needed info.

Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)

Teaser/quick intro:
 
 apply underwater epoxies 
UNDERWATER 
SWIMMING POOL REPAIR (apply/paint underwater!) 
 (MULTIPLE OPTIONS) 
- call for help 
you will not 
find this at any pool supply store. 
 
Let's talk 
about your pool  - 603 435 7199
 




Hi Paul. This is Dave from San Angelo, Tx. 
			As I told you before, the underwater applied epoxy (Water Gard 300) worked great. I 
			recommend you send your product info to all pool companies and pool 
			supply retailers or if you can find out who has fiberglass pools and 
			send them info if they ever need it. Thanks 6/16 




A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find this product, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 





 
			- A top 
			problem solving coating - best seller




scroll down to 
bottom of page for more information on this epoxy section





							Search EPOXY ONLY GOOGLE for all of these products



							-



				CLICK





Or contact 
us about your swimming pool and get needed info.

Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)
Teaser/quick intro:
 
aluminum - moisture cured  
urethane - ALUTHANE. Use on trailers, boat lifts, wood decks, - seals out rust - 
Compare to POR 15 (tm) 
 ALUTHANE 
(mcu)



							COMMON APPLICATIONS: rust preventing coating on metal structures (including 
bridges and fences),, trailers, replacing failing galvanized surfaces, aluminum 
boat sealing and top coat, perfect on most outdoor surfaces, auto restoration, 
hot temperature applications, applying in cold conditions, concrete, wood, metal 
floors, primer on wood and fiberglass boat repair, popular with tear drop 
trailer builders
Let's talk 
rusty metal, old galvanized surfaces  - 603 435 7199
Buy
PRIMARY ONLINE 
STORE  a King Cart (tm) 3rd party store - has all our products





			ALUTHANE aluminum moisture cured urethane



A favorite with the 
			trailer and Tear Drop Trailer communities


TEAR DROP LINKS:


			http://www.tnttt.com/viewtopic.php?f=21&t=44339



 




More Info 
			---
			
			Buy Aluthane (non epoxy section)
			- A top 
			problem solving coating - best seller



"A very pleased user of Aluthane and your 
							epoxies" (primer on old cars)
 Craig - Houston, TX - Oct. 2016





A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find this product, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 






scroll down 
	to bottom of page for more information on this epoxy section


							Search EPOXY ONLY GOOGLE for all of these products



							-



				CLICK






Or contact us about your 
	rust problems and get needed info.

Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)

Teaser/quick intro:
 
marine 
epoxy /boat 
resin systems - boat building and repair with our famous, 
FORMULATED, low cost 
 Best 
non Blushing MARINE EPOXY  
and 
BARRIER COAT EPOXIES
 and 
HULL BLISTER REPAIR. 
 
Let's talk 
boats - 603 435 7199
 
Basic No Blush 
IS THE ONLY LAMINATING MARINE EPOXY FORMULATED WITH EXPENSIVE BUBBLE BREAKERS to give a 
more flawless, perfect finish.














																			Big 
																			Boat 
																			Building 
																			Project? 
																			Our 
																			BASIC 
																			NO 
																			BLUSH  
																			marine 
																			epoxy 
																			can 
																			be 
																			purchased 
																			in 
																			any 
																			gal 
																			amount 
																			over 
																			15 
																			gal, 
																			packed 
																			in 5 
																			gal 
																			pails 
																			and 
																			shipped 
																			direct 
																			from 
																			the 
																			factory. 
																			Our 
																			regular 
																			1.5 
																			gal 
																			kits 
																			are 
																			always 
																			in 
																			stock 
																			for 
																			immediate 
																			shipping. 
																			Find 
																			Basic 
																			No 
																			Blush 
																			epoxy 
																			with 
																			pricing, 
																			in 
																			the
																			
																			marine 
																			epoxy 
																			section 
																			of 
																			our 
																			catalog 
																			- or 
																			call 
																			603 
																			- 
																			435 
																			-7199







 

 "Don't 
							have a lot of big projects, so I have been ordering 
							this in the small batches 


(Basic No Blush)... Great  
							Product - Easy to use."  David 4/16
 
best marine epoxy resin and 
epoxy paints on the internet

Boat US member since Dec. 1980

BOAT LINK SITE 
- dozens of boat repair - marine epoxy - articles - CHECK IT OUT!




Complete, 
			customized, osmotic hull
			blister repair 
			with Kevlar (tm) based epoxies and multiple epoxy 
			barrier coat system options. Call to discuss your boat and 
			purchase everything you need from a single source - plus 24/7 help 
			and support from boating resin professionals. A Better Business 
			Bureau Company. 603-435-7199 




Professional 
Restoration of Wooden Thistle Class Sailboat - link to
scroll down to 
bottom of page for more information on this epoxy section





							Search EPOXY ONLY GOOGLE for all of these products



							-



				CLICK



















											BOAT BUILDING




											SUPPLIES AND INFO





											Non Blushing Marine Epoxy



											Marine Epoxies  (find in 
											catalog)





											Epoxy Fillers / Thickeners



											Fiberglass Cloth




											"Stitch 
											and Glue" building



											Underwater Epoxy Repairs





											Varnish Info



											Varnish (find in catalog)





											Dinghy Repair



											Massive Boat Links Site





											Email Us



											Call 603-435-7199 help/orders






 


Or contact 
us about your boat projects and get needed info.

Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)
Teaser/quick intro:
 
Bar top - table top epoxies - 
pour on - brush on - and non- epoxy options (which of 4 options is best for 
you?) There are lots of web sites on this topic. Most are full of mis-information.  

Link below 
includes amazing Bar Top Epoxy Art examples that takes epoxy from your tabletop 
to Board Room wall. The artist/contractor is available to do your epoxy table or 
wall art
 
table top - 

BAR TOP EPOXY - PENNY FLOORS 
READ 
COMMENTS/ FEEDBACK FROM USERS OF BIO CLEAR 810 - 
CLICK .
 



We are the only table top / bar 
								top / penny floor epoxy source that offers as 
								one of our multiple epoxy options (option #3), a 
								multi coat, non blushing, epoxy with bubble 
								breakers and extended work times (for better 
								self leveling and larger projects). Consider 
								Basic No Blush Epoxy with Slow Summer Curing 
								agent. We can offer these kinds of options 
								because we are an epoxy company and not a 
								marketing firm selling some generic bulk product 
								through a slick web site.



 
Let's talk 
table tops and bar tops - 603 435 7199

In a Nutshell
As an epoxy/coatings vendor, we 
offer four different epoxies offering for four different epoxy thicknesses. No 
one else can do this and no one else lets you know you have this option. It may 
surprise you to know that the thinner and cheaper epoxy options might be better 
for your project. We also offer two different UV blocking non epoxy top coats 
(not for sale in California) for a more durable, repairable surface and one that 
can allow your table to be used outdoors. Note that a marine spar varnish 
topcoat can be polished and waxed to a mirror like finish. Remember those movies 
where the bartender slings a stein of beer sliding down the bar?














Bio Clear 810 epoxy man cave Bottle Cap Bar



 
 
 Bio Clear 810 epoxy 1/4 inch epoxy - Epoxy Clear Top Resin pour on and 
over epoxy - ESP 155 and Spar Varnish - brush on options




"Love the 
			product (Bio Clear 810) these past six years I've been using it."




			John R. - Custom Furniture Creations (8/15)
			
			find on Facebook



Bio Clear 810 (tm)- 
			Table top epoxy for Professionals


 
more options and product 
	(and support) than any other site!  
scroll down 
	to bottom of page for more information on this epoxy section


							Search EPOXY ONLY GOOGLE for all of these products



							-



				CLICK






Or contact us about your 
	table top project and get needed info.

Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)

Teaser/quick intro:
 

PEBBLE DECK DECKS -- 
Reseal now while temps are in the 60s and 70s! This link also includes 
directions on creating pebble decks from scratch.
 
Let's talk 
stone decks - 603 435 7199
 

Loose stones are a red flag telling you repairs  / resealing is past due. 
Call now to talk repair options, best epoxy products, how to repair / reseal / 
create. There are lots of inferior products and 'cheating cost cutting 
contractors' in this market. Get educated before you spend your money. 


call 603-435-7199 anytime to talk about your stone deck






A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find this product, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 





 
scroll down to 
bottom of page for more information on this epoxy section





							Search EPOXY ONLY GOOGLE for all of these products



							-



				CLICK





Or contact 
us about your pebble walkway and get needed info.

Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)
Teaser/quick intro:
 
 epoxy coatings 
and pastes for 

LEAKING BASEMENTS, 
 
Let's talk 
basement issues - 603 435 7199
 
pits and sumps  (MULTIPLE PRODUCT OPTIONS 
- call for help) 






A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find this product, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 





 
scroll down to 
bottom of page for more information on this epoxy section





							Search EPOXY ONLY GOOGLE for all of these products



							-



				CLICK





Or contact 
us about your leaky basement and get needed info.

Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)
Teaser/quick intro:
 
epoxy coatings 
and pastes for 
WOOD 
ROT (window sills, log 
cabin homes) 
Let's talk rot 
- 603 435 7199
 

Links to 3rd party YouTube Rot Repair Videos 
and more 

rot repair information
 
 (MULTIPLE PRODUCT OPTIONS 
- call for help)

see below for all of the 
above






A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find this product, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 



 




Rot site 
							#1 - 
							CLICK
Rot Site #2 
- CLICK

 





							Search EPOXY ONLY GOOGLE for all of these products



							-



				CLICK





Or contact 
us about your rotting wood and get needed info.

Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)
Teaser/quick intro:
 
2 part epoxy paints 


Epoxy paints (widest 
selection) - See in 
catalog  
 
Let's talk 
epoxy paints  - 603 435 7199
 
-- 
CM 15 - general purpose epoxy 
paint with long pot life and good flex - black or ivory
-- 
FC 2100A - kevlar (tm) reinforced - can be applied underwater - looks like gray apple sauce
-- 
Water Gard 300 
- light be or white - very creamy - top of the line - used in underwater pool 
repair
-- 
Potable 
Water / Lead tested Epoxy Paint (for tanks as small as 50 gallons)






A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find these products, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 





 

Epoxy Floor Paints - we 
carry several - more self leveling than other epoxy paints
scroll down to 
bottom of page for more information on this epoxy section





							Search EPOXY ONLY GOOGLE for all of these products



							-



				CLICK





Or contact 
us about your epoxy paint requirements and get needed info.


Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)



 
 


			Thick Epoxies/paste/gels/putties
 



 

 

LARGEST 
			SELECTION ANYWHERE 
CONFUSED?  
			CALL 603 435 7199  talk/order
 



Wet Dry 700 



BUY ONLINE NOW

STRONG HARD AND 
			TOUGH - APPLY UNDERWATER

Kevlar (tm) 
			feldspar ceramic reinforced epoxy. About wall mud or cake icing 
			thick. One of our most popular products. Can be applied underwater 
			with or without fiberglass cloth. Has saved leaking boats/pools. 
			Often carried by boats going offshore. Color is off-white but 
			quickly ambers to a golden color.
			- A top 
			problem solving coating - best seller

Available in quart 
			and gallon units.



Epoxy Cream


BUY ONLINE NOW

NO PULLING OR 
			DRAGGING
SLIDES OFF PUTTY 
			KNIFE SMOOTHLY

Creamy yellow epoxy 
			used for non structural fairing and filling of holes and voids. 
			Unlike other thick epoxies it slides off a putty knife like a hot 
			knife through butter without pulling or tugging the epoxy behind it. 
			Stays somewhat soft for several days.

Available in 1.5 
			quart and 1.5 gallon units.



Crack Coat


BUY ONLINE NOW

SMOOTH AND FLEXIBLE

Dark Gray smooth 
			and slick epoxy. About as thick as toothpaste. Uniquely flexible and 
			will bend and move. Use on surfaces that need some "give" due to 
			expansion and contraction, vibration, etc. Good for 'bedding' 
			objects down. Can be applied on damp surfaces.

Available in three 
			quart units.



Splash Zone A-788


BUY ONLINE NOW

ORIGINAL CHEWING 
			GUM LIKE UNDERWATER EPOXY

The 'Granddaddy' of 
			thick epoxies and underwater epoxies. About chewing gum thick - so 
			thick it needs temps over about 60 degrees to even come out of the 
			can.

Available in two 
			quart and two gallon units.




 




A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find these  products, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 





 



 




"You provide outstanding products, and Fantastic 
			Support. Thank You."
				
				Brian S.
				


					"Thanks for all your advice, tips & moral support 
				concerning my project. It turned out beautiful. Quality people backing a quality product is the 
				only way to go!"
				

					Joe


You're talking 
					with:  Paul Oman, MS, MBA -- Member since 1994: NACE (National Assoc. of
Corrosion Engineers), SSPC (Soc. of Protective Coatings)  --  
Technical Help - not sales talk!



			 



Comments: Returning customer 
			(9/14)Paul - You Rock.!! I know your 
			going through some rough times; but your products, your site, has a 
			Big impact on many of us 'little guys' out there. Keep the faith, 
			you are providing a very valuable, service & advice. Your products 
			allow our family to enjoy times in parts of the house that they 
			normally wouldn't - and provide Great bonding time, when the kids 
			decide to hang out with dad, in 'his' area.!!! It is thanks to YOU, 
			and Your products, your support, that we are able to do this. Thank 
			YOU, Very Much.
We'll send those photos, of our old 
			place, and when this is done, the new one. You provide outstanding 
			products, and Fantastic Support. Thank You.
Brian S.




 



Best way to make 
			on-line Purchases

			PAYPAL (tm)
keeps your 
			credit card info off  internet web sites
visit the
			PAYPAL site to sign  up now




 











"OK...thanks 
		for the personal touch. And for such an informative website. The 
		navigation took me a while to grasp, but I really appreciate all the 
		credible, helpful information you provide. This is my 3rd or 4th order 
		over the years and I give you a A or A+ grade on all of it.
I'm a 
		nit-picking former Polaris nuclear missile targeting and firing guy so 
		you don't get a good grade from me unless you are on target!" 
		-- Dave   7/14



 









											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 
#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches
#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches
#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											


											company video
 






 



		 


SUPERHERO COATS: 
				
Definition: 
				Epoxy and non-epoxy coatings products with extremely unique and 
				one-of-a-kind properties. Not found in stores or other web 
				sites, these products offer solutions to problems often 
				considered impossible. 
Examples include epoxy paints and putties that 
				can be applied underwater (think swimming pool repair and touch 
				up, underwater boat and dock repairs) ; clear gloss 2-part poly 
				with MASSIVE uv blockers etc. (keep epoxy from yellowing, high 
				end boat and epoxy floor top coat);  heat reflecting, 
				anti-rust, aluminum boat leak sealer, metal, wood, fiberglass 
				aluminum filled, metallic, moisture cured urethane (MCU).



Find SUPERHERO  COATINGS AND EPOXIES
				HERE


 

"I've never written a review of an internet company, but I have to about
epoxyproducts.com mainly because of the outstanding customer service they gave me.

It started as normal, I searched the web looking for an epoxy to fix an old fiberglass over concrete pool. After
hours looking I came across  epoxyproducts.com and they had what I was looking for. I ordered it
and it was to get here by Tuesday of the next week, since it was coming from the east to west coast. 

Tuesday came without a delivery, I emailed them (info@epoxyproducts.com) and they took it from there, working with
UPS. Good thing too, because UPS did not respond to any of my requests in the matter. 

EpoxyUSA.com / epoxyproducts.com, knowing I was desperately in need of the epoxy had sent me two more gallons for
replacement.

We found the original order at the neighbors house (they don't use their front door). I used the epoxy (Wet Dry
700) and was amazed at how good it 
was, so I bought the two extra kits and I'm sure I will get good use out of them.

			epoxyproducts.com is the only place I will buy epoxy from."   
Thanks Frank 11/2011
"You provide outstanding products, and Fantastic 
			Support. Thank You."
				
				Brian S.
				


				"Thanks for all your advice, tips & moral support 
				concerning my project. It turned out beautiful. Quality people backing a quality product is the 
				only way to go!"
				

				Joe
















Section 1 
	- Floor epoxies
 



TWO PART EPOXY RESIN FLOORS 
(INDIVIDUAL 
		FLOOR EPOXY PRODUCTS)

Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)


More options than anyone on the WEB
 


If your epoxy floor paint vendor/web site doesn't tell you 
the differences between water based floor epoxies and solvent free floor 
epoxies, or that an epoxy garage floor could be a 1 - 7 coat system, or that 
there are multiple ways to apply colored chips to your epoxy floor (with just 
sprinkling them upon the wet epoxy being the non-professional,  most simple 
DIY approach), they are withholding valuable information from you. Call us at 
603 -435 - 7199 24/7 (including nights, weekends and holidays) to get the full 
story. 
If you are new to epoxy 
floors Click here for
Intro on Epoxy Floor 
Paint Options



Professional contractors apply our 
Industrial Floor Epoxy (tm). 

Now you can too!
catalog page or 
buy now

 







Best advice from an 
			Epoxy PRO on how to avoid a $$$ DIY epoxy floor disaster
(you won't learn 
			this on any other epoxy floor site)
If 
			any of the following apply or might apply to you:
1) no 
			vapor barrier, or don't know if there is a vapor barrier under your 
			slab; 2) suspect there might be moisture issues in/on the slab; 3) 
			suspect the concrete was not 'vibrated down' and contains lots of 
			air spaces (which can cause bubbles and blisters in the wet epoxy); 
			4) cannot professionally prep the floor (usually means a shot blast 
			contractor); 5) any existing coating on the floor is peeling and 
			lifting; 6) the concrete seems dusty, gritty, weak or crumbling; 7) 
			you are worried about "hot tire pickup" lifting off your epoxy 
			floor; 8) you have oil stains on the floor (especially OLD oil 
			stains).......
If so, 
			consider putting an inexpensive epoxy primer / sealer (such as
			ESP 155 - an
			Internet 
			Favorite epoxy coating - not for sale in California) on the 
			entire floor or over those potential trouble spots. Then wait a few 
			weeks or months and see what happens. If everything looks great it 
			is very likely that a 'fancy' epoxy top coat will be successful and 
			probably issue free. You might even decide to just keep the sealed 
			floor and skip the thicker mostly decorative (or at least thicker 
			and pigmented) epoxy top coat (such as 0% VOC INDUSTRIAL 
			FLOOR EPOXY). 
If 
			problems developed with the thin, nearly clear ESP 155 epoxy sealer, 
			it is not that big a deal. No worse than having some deck/porch 
			enamel paint lift and peel. You won't trip over it, it is not so 'in 
			your face', and you saved big $$$ that you would have spent on the 
			epoxy, paint chip, top coat. Some existing concrete surfaces are 
			just not good candidates for an epoxy coating. 
QUESTIONS?
			
			email OR call 603 435 7199.
			Floor Links 
			Page. Learn all about epoxy floors.





check dozens for epoxy 
floor info sites :
  FLOOR COATINGS LINKS 
 (click here EPOXY FLOOR 
COATINGS)
and 
check out our non skid epoxy floor paint (tan epoxy with grit) Nothing else like 
it available. 

Discover "Rough Coat" floor epoxy for floors and decks
 





You 
			can also use REGULAR EPOXY PAINTS instead of EPOXY FLOOR PAINTS on 
			your floor 

			REGULAR EPOXY PAINTS are a bit thicker and can also be used on 
			vertical surfaces. Gray Corro Coat FC2100A epoxy paint is kevlar 
			(tm) reinforced. White or Light Blue Water Gard 300 epoxy paint if 
			often used in sewers and water treatment plants. CM 15 (ivory or 
			black) is an epoxy paint with a long pot life (for hot weather) and 
			a bit of flex. Originally designed for the inside of gasoline 
			storage tanks on the Gulf Coast. 

EPOXY FLOOR 
			PAINT CATALOG or
			EPOXY PAINT 
			CATALOG



 




Buy Direct 
And Save



Buy Paint Chips
Direct From the
 Manufacturers

 
 

chipsunlimited.com
 



Buy Colored Sands
Direct From the
Manufacturers



			estesco.com

 



 






Epoxy Floor On 
			Large Garage - primer/base/chips/clear coat



"Good afternoon 
			Paul!
My floor is done and it is all over but the smell 
			from the two part polyurethane top coat.
. HA! Cool temps worked in my favor to keep 
			pot-life long but the rainy weather tried to work against me. I 
			ended up tarping over my garage door opening so I could get the area 
			under the seal done without dealing with water on the floor. A cheap 
			rubber squeegee from Harbor Freight was an essential item because it 
			is way too tough to get even distribution of the industrial floor 
			epoxy with just a roller. The squeegee was the same price as a 
			single 24" roller tube anyway and it worked great. I ended up 
			broadcasting chips into the epoxy rather than the clear coat because 
			I wanted a slightly smoother floor. It probably took more chips this 
			way but I think it was a fair trade.
If I had to do it over again I'd seriously 
			consider putting chips into a clear epoxy middle coat because even 
			with two coats of poly my basement floor is a bit rougher than I 
			thought it would be. I ended up putting a third coat of UV Poly on 
			the garage floor and it still seems pretty non-skid but is smooth 
			enough that it will be easier to keep clean.
The coverage estimates were spot on for Floor 
			epoxy and UV Poly top coat. The Primer was another story, my 
			basement floor was pumped concrete and after bead blasting it was 
			like a cement sponge! The poured concrete on my mail level took the 
			primer as expected. 
I'm very happy with the results and will be 
			ordering another gallon of UV clear from you when it is time to do 
			the steps and landings.
Thanks again!"
Gordon 4/16




About 1600 sf business floor - used 
			Esp 155 primer sealer, 15 gallons of Industrial Floor Epoxy and 
			Acrylic Poly UV Plus two part clear epoxy topcoat. Chips purchased 
			direct from Chipsunlimited.com 




 

email us -

CLICK HERE
Email us 
with your questions (multiple different kinds of floor epoxies) - we have products for every problem or project! 

OLD GOAT epoxy 
floor Q & A site -
CLICK 
HERE

Buy your paint chips direct from 
either of the only two manufacturers of chips in the USA. Select colors, percent 
of each color etc. Save money and better selection from buying from the source. 
You won't see these links at our competitors' sites. We try to earn your 
business by putting your best interests first. Call for help or info any time 
603-435-7199

chipsunlimited.com helpful and 
impressive service with one time DIY customers

torginol.com sells thru distributors only




 

 



Bio Vee Seal -
			INTERNAL CONCRETE 
			SEALER

			 



Clear Top Coats  -
			FLOOR CLEAR 
			TOP

Best Floor Epoxy -
			CLICK 
HERE 



Epoxy Quartz Floor -
			BROADCAST FLOOR

Acid Etching -
			ACID



Epoxy Paint Chip Floor 
			(buy chips direct) -
			CHIPS

Epoxy Paint vs. Floor 
			Epoxy Paint -
			EPOXY 
			PAINTS



Epoxy Paint -
			
			SURFACE PREP

Floor Basics/Options -
			START HERE



Floor Epoxy -
			CATALOG PAGE

Questions:
			
			ASK PROFESSOR E. POXY


 
   MOISTURE 
	CURED URETHANE EPOXY ALTERNATIVE -  ALUMINUM
	ALUTHANE 
	-------  I  received an email on aug. 7th from Sgt. 
Josh X reminding me how well Aluthane  works on floors. 
	"Hello, Have used aluthane before and it is an amazing product. Applied it to a shop floor 6 years 
ago and no chips or scratches."
 
Quick Buy --

INDUSTRIAL FLOOR (tm) EPOXY PAINT - LIGHT GRAY or BEIGE -- Now



Order this
					product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link: EPOXY NOW



 
WE OFFER:
solvent free commercial grade epoxy 
floor paint (no frills contractor kits) - INDUSTRIAL FLOOR EPOXY (tm)
professional grade water based floor 
epoxy (not the low end Box Store product) - WATER BOND FLOOR  EPOXY (tm)
epoxy floor paint with non-skid already 
in it. - ROUGH COAT FLOOR EPOXY (tm)
direct links to colored chip 
manufactures - high end clear top coat options
     OUR EPOXY 
PAINTS (below) CAN ALSO BE USED ON FLOORS
 
Note that solvent free floor epoxies 
only have a working time - pot life of about 15 - 20 minutes at temps from about 
55 - 75 degrees (typical temperatures for industrial contractors working inside 
commercial facilities). For homeowners coating garages in summer (temps in the 
80s) pot life could be about 10 minutes. Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc., has 
introduced a 'slow summer' version of our commercial 
Industrial Floor Epoxy, that returns the 20 minutes or so pot life to our 
solvent free floor epoxy. No one else offers anything like this (I've searched 
the internet). Use this product if your application temperature are over about 
80 degrees or if you just want a slower pot life (and slower cure).

 

 

There 
	are several kinds of floor epoxies, and multiple methods to apply optional 
	color chips, non-skid options, etc. Are you looking for function or looks? 
	Your floor could be a 1 to 7 coat system. Probably too many decisions to 
	make without first talking to a professional. And lots of bad products out 
	there wanting your attention.  Probably best to email us (link above) 
	or call (603 435 7199) before starting an epoxy floor project. 




A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find this product, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 





 
 





Also Available - Epoxy Concrete Primer and Sealer (ESP 
			155 not for sale in CA) and Internal Concrete Sealer (Bio 
			Vee Seal) leaves nothing on the surface. Do you need these under 
			your epoxy floor coating? Call to find out. 603 435 7199



 

	 









											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 
#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches
#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches
#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											


											company video
 




 







						Marine Catalog




						Home/Com. Catalog







							Boat Links






						Floor Coating Links







							HOMEPAGE







							Data Sheets







 


"Your web site is delight to scroll through, confusing and funny at the same time, with a lot of info you
wouldn't find at any "serious big corporate" web sites. Keep up the good work and good luck..."

Section 2 - 
Boat / marine epoxies 



WINTER 
			BOATING: Don't let winter stop you boat repairs/building.
			Basic No Blush 
			marine epoxy with fast winter cure works down to about 38 
			degrees. 
			Aluthane mcu aluminum paint can be applied down to about 40 
			degrees.






"Boats, boats and more boats.... 
After 17 years there is still no reason to 
								buy from anyone else,  great product,



and great 
								prices and the boats are still looking good."
J.F.- 2-2-17
 
(the same 
epoxy that builds boats, is used to create and reseal pebble deck surface for 
obvious reasons)
Winter curing 
agent option for boat repair/building down to 32 F degrees
 
Let's talk 
boats - 603 435 7199




What it is all about - Why we love boating 
and our pets
 
An ever increasing number of 
experienced DIY and professional Boat Builders consider  Basic No Blush Marine Epoxy  
to be the BEST product available (performance, consistency, properties, 
support and price). They've certainly tried all the other brands over the years. 
No other marine epoxy has our level of customer satisfaction - or rave reviews. 
Our customers can always buy cheaper 'repackaged' resins or the $$$ name brands 
at their local marine supply store. Instead they take the  effort to always 
order our Basic No Blush (tm) Marine Epoxy either online or over the phone.
 
Basic No 
	Blush IS THE ONLY MARINE EPOXY FORMULATED WITH EXPENSIVE BUBBLE BREAKERS to 
	give a more flawless, perfect finish.














						Why Basic No Blush  (tm) epoxy is the BEST in its class:


1. A formulated 
						blended resin system (not repackaged raw chemicals)


2) Uses
						
						NON BLUSHING curing agent for blush free results


3) not 
						too thick, not too thin, not too brittle - ever see an 
						epoxy surface with millions of tiny cracks? It is 
						brittle, repackaged (see #1) not formulated epoxy


4) 
the only marine type epoxy with 
						bubble breakers for superior flaw free 
						finishes and uniform properties and appearance and 
						allows for thicker, multiple layers with better clarity
						


5) the only
						
						epoxy adduct marine type epoxy for superior enhanced 
						properties (standard cure only)


6) strong user 
						support / feedback


7) 24/7 support 
						email 

						marineepoxy@gmail.com
8) less expensive than 
						the other formulated epoxies which still don't have many 
						of the advantages listed here
						 


 













							BOAT BUILDING




							SUPPLIES AND INFO





							Non Blushing Marine Epoxy



							Marine Epoxies  (find in catalog)





							Epoxy Fillers / Thickeners



							Fiberglass Cloth



"Stitch 
							and Glue" building



							Underwater Epoxy Repairs





							Varnish Info



							Varnish (find in catalog)





							Dinghy Repair



							Massive Boat Links Site





							Email Us


Call 
							603-435-7199 help/orders



 

 











Epoxy Crazing Notice/Warning








There are 
							two types of Marine Epoxy Vendors: 1) 
							discount, bulk, 
REPACKAGERS
who simple buy drums of raw resin and raw curing 
							agent(s) from the big chemical companies and fill 
							plastic jugs for resale; 2) 
							

							FORMULATORS take the raw epoxy chemicals add 
							to them to enhance and improve the raw "moonshine" 
							into a "fine whiskey". Learn more
							
							repackagers/formulators. 
Our
			Basic No Blush 
			(tm) is a formulated 
non blushing 
			epoxy by 
			
			Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc. (homepage). that includes additions for 
			reduced brittleness and exclusive (only we have it)  bubble 
			breakers for a more perfect looking finish. Basic No Blush is the 
			least expensive of the formulated epoxies and considered the best 
			marine epoxy by many ex-users of the other formulated epoxies. 


REPACKAGED EPOXY WARNING: 
			Over the years I have seen and had reports of non-formulated, raw 
			resin/cure epoxies (which are extremely hard and brittle) becoming 
			crazed with millions of cracks (like shattered safety glass) in 
			outdoor settings that experience big changes in temperature. 
			Formulated epoxies  all seem to be 'fixed' to allow for this 
			expansion and contraction without cracking by making them less 
			brittle and better able to handle internal stresses.







																	Marine 
																	Catalog  
																	/////
																	
																	Stitch n 
																	Glue 
																	///// 
																	Epoxy Only 
																	Google 
																	Search 
																	/////
																	
																	Epoxy Guru 
																	Help Site 
																	/////
																	
																	Marine Boat 
																	Epoxy Etc. 
																	Links






"I've been using the 
			Basic No Blush epoxy on all my own stuff, and using up all the West 
			epoxy on most customers boats. When the West
is finally gone I'll only be using your epoxies. Good stuff. I'm rebuilding an old Rybovich so a big order in the
future..." Patrick (comment with on-line order 9/4/07)  
			----  Order No Blush online
			









 
 BOATS / MARINE EPOXIES  Lots of 
fiberglass boat repair, wooden boat repair,  boat products,
info page - 

Call 603-435-7199 
for instant help - barrier coats, blisters, wet cores, underwater repairs, 
laminating resins, non skid deck paint  - we have the products and answers you need for your new 
construction or repairs. Call anytime - we love talking boats!




marine
			BARRIER COAT 
			epoxy...
hull
			BLISTER REPAIR...

MARINE EPOXY...


 




Complete, 
				customized, osmotic hull
				blister 
				repair with Kevlar (tm) based epoxies and multiple epoxy 
				barrier coat system options. Call to discuss your boat and 
				purchase everything you need from a single source - plus 24/7 
				help and support from boating resin professionals. A Better 
				Business Bureau Company. 603-435-7199 



 
 

BOAT LINKS
- find pages related to your issue CLICK
HERE  ---   EPOXY RELATED BOAT REPAIR LINKS


BOATS - GOTO our 
boat  home page and catalog pages 
 (distributor prices for
all on our two part BASIC NO BLUSH ™ marine epoxy resin  - DETAILS 
epoxy prices)










Basic No Blush marine epoxy 
is the least expensive 
FORMULATED  
marine epoxy available - And 
NON BLUSHING 
too!  Cheaper than even some of the 'repackaged' resins sold as marine 
epoxy (which you don't want to use). Regular, slow summer and fast winter curing 
agents available. Now you can build or repair using one of the industries top 
marine epoxies in temps from 32F to 95F.












																			Why 
																			Basic 
																			No 
																			Blush 
																			epoxy 
																			is 
																			the 
																			BEST 
																			in 
																			its 
																			class:



1. A
																			formulated 
																			blended 
																			resin 
																			system 
																			(not 
																			repackaged 
																			raw 
																			chemicals)




																			2) 
																			Uses
																			NON 
																			BLUSHING 
																			curing 
																			agent 
																			for 
																			blush 
																			free 
																			results




																			3) 
																			not 
																			too 
																			thick, 
																			not 
																			too 
																			thin, 
																			not 
																			too 
																			brittle




																			4) 
																			the 
																			only 
																			marine 
																			epoxy 
																			with
																			
																			BUBBLE 
																			BREAKERS 
																			for 
																			superior 
																			flaw 
																			free 
																			finishes




																			5) 
																			the 
																			only
																			
																			epoxy 
																			adduct 
																			marine 
																			epoxy 
																			for 
																			superior 
																			properties



6) 
																			strong 
																			user 
																			support 
																			/ 
																			feedback


																			7) 
																			24/7 
																			support 
																			email
																			

																			marineepoxy@gmail.com
 






 










																			Big 
																			Boat 
																			Building 
																			Project? 
																			Our 
																			BASIC 
																			NO 
																			BLUSH  
																			marine 
																			epoxy 
																			can 
																			be 
																			purchased 
																			in 
																			any 
																			gal 
																			amount 
																			over 
																			15 
																			gal, 
																			packed 
																			in 5 
																			gal 
																			pails 
																			and 
																			shipped 
																			direct 
																			from 
																			the 
																			factory. 
																			Our 
																			regular 
																			1.5 
																			gal 
																			kits 
																			are 
																			always 
																			in 
																			stock 
																			for 
																			immediate 
																			shipping. 
																			Find 
																			Basic 
																			No 
																			Blush 
																			epoxy 
																			with 
																			pricing, 
																			in 
																			the
																			
																			marine 
																			epoxy 
																			section 
																			of 
																			our 
																			catalog 
																			- or 
																			call 
																			603 
																			- 
																			435 
																			-7199









 

Basic No Blush marine epoxy 
as its own web page

 "Don't 
							have a lot of big projects, so I have been ordering 
							this in the small batches 


(Basic No Blush)... Great  
							Product - Easy to use."  David 4/16
I've been using the 
Basic No Blush on all my own stuff, and using up all the West on most customers boats. When the 
West
is finally gone I'll only be using your epoxies. Good stuff. I'm rebuilding an old Rybovich so a big order in the
future...  Patrick (comment on on-line order)

More Basic No 
							Blush user comments and feedback ...
							
							CLICK HERE




Order this
					product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link: EPOXY NOW




			 

Customer 
feedback and comments on Basic No Blush marine epoxy -
CLICK HERE.
Visit
The Marine Epoxy 
Everything Guide (click here)
 



"I just wanted to let you know 
			that a couple of months ago I purchased 1.5 gallons of epoxy from 
			you for injection into a port stringer on a water-ski boat I recently 
			purchased.  I have owned quite a number of boats power and sail 
			requiring repairs to bring them back to where they should be. Your 
			product was excellent in every respect. I thinned it myself to the 
			specifications I felt the repair required and it turned out superb 
			in every regard. I will be using your product in the future 
			for blister repairs to a large sailboat I own and just wanted to 
			thank you for providing an excellent product with value to the 
			consumer."  Best Regards, Steve (email 12/16/13 to Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc. --
			epoxyproducts.com -- 
			attn: Paul Oman)


 



 





Nearly all boat projects require multiple 
									products: structural repair putties, fairing 
									compounds, barrier coats, primers and 
									sealers, laminating resins with fiberglass 
									cloth and fillers. Generally people need 
									help with product selection, amounts and 
									application. No web site can give all this 
									support, especially when so many things are 
									involved. Our customers call 24/7 including 
									nights, weekends and holidays for that kind 
									of  pre-purchase advice and  
									application help. It is the only way to get 
									a two way conversation to happen.  

									Call (603-435-7199) or
									
									EMAIL me about what you're doing. We try 
									to earn your business one phone call at a 
									time!
 








 

Professional 
Restoration of Wooden Thistle Class Sailboat - link to
 


 

BASIC NO BLUSH 
		(tm) MARINE EPOXY - review
 






Progressive Epoxy 
		Polymers (epoxyproducts.com) Attn: Paul,
Attached is a zip file 
		with photos, plan view, vessel description, and some shots of the 
		previous builds of the same boat. I am using your Basic No-Blush marine 
		epoxy as my sole epoxy coating & glue solution throughout this entire 
		project and I just love your product! Having used all the major brands 
		on the market today I find your epoxy to be the easiest, most 
		consistent, and most forgiving marine epoxy product of them all. 

This boat is being 
		built in an unheated, semi-weather tight workshop, on an island on Lake 
		Winnipesaukee (central New Hampshire) and consequently I'm more often 
		working in temperatures outside of what is optimal for most epoxies. 
		I've had success with your epoxy (with the Regular curing agent) setting 
		up in temps in the low 50's and also behaving kindly with temps in the 
		upper 80s to 90+. While pot life varies considerably in such a wide 
		range your product is very consistent, predictable, and telling when 
		it's time to 'wrap it up', which is definitely not so much the case with 
		some of your competitors.
In addition, your 
		pricing is very attractive and while price is not the primary reason why 
		I use your product I definitely appreciate the value you offer, so thank 
		you.
Jeff - 2014 - Offshore 
		Skiff boat builder









Originally 
		designed for Offshore Magazine, the Offshore Skiff was intended to be an 
		economical shoal-draft family cruiser or alternately--in the open 
		center-console version--an all-around utility boat. A skiff. of course, 
		is any fairly small, shoal, economical vessel. She could be a 15-foot 
		rowboat, a 30-foot Jersey sea skiff, or even a 36-foot 17,000-pound Sea 
		Bright skiff. The Offshore Skiff, falls nicely in the middle of this 
		range at 28-feet 3-inches overall , 24-feet waterline, 8-foot beam. 
		5400-pound displacement, and drawing a scant 1 1 inches to the bottom of 
		her hull. (She draws 26 inches to the bottom of her outboard.)





 
 
 



Massive
		Boat Links 
		Site


Buy Now ("marine epoxy" in 
		NAVIGATION BAR)


BASIC NO BLUSH 
		web page



 
The Wind & Oar Boat School is located in Portland, OR (http://wind-and-oar-boatschool.org/).
			Currently (7/11) they are working on a St Ayles skiff, with a group of 10 completely novice women doing the build.
			Its the first all women build and the first on the west coast. The St Ayles Skiff is a Iain Oughtred design done
			for the Scottish Fisheries Museum and now the cornerstone of the Scottish Coastal Rowing Project (http://scottishcoastalrowing.org/).
			Last fall WoodenBoat Publications picked up the concept and got 5 high schools in Maine to start the boat and I
			am mirroring the idea for high schools in Portland. The first youth boat will start this fall but in the mean time
			a group of women approached me about building one too. The Wind & Oar Boat School is building communities through
			building boats. We encourage groups of all shapes and sizes to experience the camaraderie, team building, collaboration,
			and self confidence that arise from working towards a common goal.

			When it came time to decide about epoxies, the school turned to Michael Bogoger (Dory-man) for advice. He suggested
			your product and we've been extremely happy with it. The forgiving nature of the Basic No-Blush (tm) marine epoxy
			has been ideal for a school situation where many people are mixing and consistency is not necessarily high. Michael
			has covered our build on his blog several times and this link http://dory-man.blogspot.com/2011/06/wind-and-oar-boat-building-school.html)
			is to one of his posts where you can see us using the No Blush epoxy product.
Whether you want a group team building exercise or a grade school introduction to wood and water, the Wind &
			Oar Boat School will tailor a course to fit your needs. Our first build is a group of 10 women, of diverse ages,
			who without any woodworking experience are now building a 22 foot St Ayles Skiff.
			

 







						"JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW I HAVE COMPLETED MY REBUILD 
						ON THE 1975 SKI NAUTIQUE. I AM MORE THAN IMPRESSED WITH 
						YOUR PRODUCTS AND EVEN MORE SO WITH YOUR CUSTOMER 
						SERVICE. A + COMPANY." - Bob 10/14





 



Order this
					product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link: EPOXY NOW




What more can we say to convince you 
that Basic No Blush marine epoxy has the best quality and value for individual 
and professionals working around boats of all kinds?

 Most of our customers started 
out with the 'easy to find' big name brand marine epoxies, but then switched 
over to Basic No Blush because of price as well as its forgiving nature and 
predictable and consistant performance under a wide range of conditions






EMERGENCY 
YACHT  UNDERWATER REPAIR


A Case Study Using 
Progressive Epoxy Polymer's  
Underwater Epoxy - WET DRY 700 Underwater Epoxy  and Corro Coat FC2100A (BUY 
NOW) read how our epoxies and customer service saved 
the day over a decade ago (2003).  Read more (click 
here). Those products and service still available to you - call 603 435 7199 
anytime and ask for Paul Oman.
 Underwater epoxy 
for Emergency hull repair - sinking yacht Case Study - now  in book form at 
						Amazon
 
http://www.bansheeboat.com/files/testimonials.html



 



			 




The Marine 
			Epoxy Everything Guide
Everything from 
			user reviews, repair examples, 
pricing issues and 
			vendor evaluation tips 
 

Basic No Blush 
			Marine Epoxy Product Page

Marine 
			Epoxy Catalog page (multiple epoxies)

Basic 
			No Blush Marine Epoxy User Reviews / Feedback

How To 
			Evaluating Marine Epoxy brands and Vendors

Marine Epoxy 
			prices - what it really costs!

Marine Epoxy 
			amine blush - what is epoxy Blush?

Boat repair 
			examples using Marine Epoxy

Dinghy Marine 
			Epoxy boat repair case study

Progressive Epoxy 
			Polymer's marine web site

Buy two part Marine Epoxy now

Massive site 
			of Internet boat links 
 

We also 
			have Internet floor epoxy links!




			 

					 

Nothing but Quality 
Products at Good Prices, Great Customer Service, and Lots and Lots of Helpful 
Information









											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 
#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches
#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches
#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											


											company video
 


 




Love pictures of old boats, boat wrecks and funny boats?
Visit our marine photo gallery CLICK .







"Salvaged 45' sailboat. Purchased all 
										my epoxy from you. I've been in the 
										water two years and time to redo the 
										bottom. Very happy with all the advise 
										and delighted with how good the bottom 
										held up. Started with 155, epoxy cream, 
										`155 and three coats of Cm15 for barrier 
										coat." 

										MASON 11/16


 







						Marine Catalog




						Home/Com. Catalog







							Boat Links






						Floor Coating Links







							HOMEPAGE







							Data Sheets




Dec 2008 from Doug: 
"The following is my opinion of a good company. My affiliation is as a DIY end 
user. No recompense, no funny business: I've been refurbishing our 1973 ketch 
and have done some epoxy work in that process. I've never worked with epoxy 
before this. I talked to several local glass workers and researched on line to 
learn a bit about epoxy. I searched for different vendors and their prices. I 
settled on a place in New Hampshire called Progressive Epoxy Polymers. 
(http://www.epoxyproducts.com)

My first thought was, what a mess of a website. I found it very confusing. Since I first came upon it, there have
been improvements made to make it more "user friendly". Aside from that, the site is most informative
to this beginning DIY's. I was won over by the explanations, descriptions of chemistries, MSDS's , suggested usages,
and personal responsiveness of the owner and his wife. I did a calculation of prices per ounce, approximating the
match of the different brand's products. I realize that there is no way I can say I'm comparing the same chemistry
of different brands. Nevertheless, Progressive Epoxy prices remain the best I have found. 

I've used the Premium No Blush (~15 gallons), Low-V (~2 gal), a putty with kevlar, and some elastomeric stuff.
In addition I've used the fumed silica, micro balloons, ezy-thick, chopped glass & milled glass.

Progressive Epoxy Polymers is my epoxy source, I recommend them."
 
 



Section 3 - 
Two part epoxy paints
 




TWO PART EPOXY PAINTS 
- SOME CAN EVEN BY APPLIED UNDERWATER 








A 
										COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - PROFESSIONAL  
										PRODUCT





										You won't find these products, or 
										products like it, in a general purpose, 
										mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or 
										flashy marketing company website. 





 
Well sell a lot of these for swimming pool  or spa repair (chips, leaks, 
re-attaching tiles).
 Probably the best (only) DIY option for your swimming pool 
(or boat) in distress. 





Call 603-435-7199  
ANYTIME

for instant help with chips, cracks, repairs without draining the pool. Skip the Search Engine Run-Around. Each pool is unique - 
the wrong fix could be a disaster. Do you know why your pool paint chipped or 
stairs cracked? Talk to the experts first!

 


Also  used to fix basement and foundation repair/leaks.


. 






Dear Paul, 
			Just wanted to let you know that the white Water Gard 300 epoxy I 
			purchased to repair my fiberglass swimming pool  underwater 
			worked great!!! Just what I was looking for. The product covered 
			more area than I expected, but I may be ordering more!!! Did test 
			spots on shallow area and steps, and It looks like it did 31 years 
			ago. Going to tackle the deep area next. Tested using a brush and a 
			roller. The paint brush worked a little better for me. Thank You So 
			Much!! I will share with others!  ----- Helen from LA.



 





What Makes
								Water Gard 300 (tm) 
								A Superior Epoxy Coating For Your 
								Barrier Coat Application?

Water Gard 300 is not a simple epoxy paint 
								but rather an epoxy adduct. In general terms 
								epoxy adducts have some of the Part A resin 
								added to the Part B curing agent during 
								manufacture. The result is improvement in most 
								of the coating's physical properties (which is 
								way you are using an epoxy in the first place). 
								This includes reduced yellowing, better curing 
								and a host of other property improvements. A 
								better epoxy for better results!
Learn more about epoxy 
								adducts at the
								
								Vanguard Concrete Coating web site.




 
 
These are high end epoxy paints with years of commercial and industrial 
history - now available in smaller units for smaller projects and DIY activities
 



Used on tanks, pits, 
sumps, foundations, boat hulls etc.



Corro Coat FC 2100 A  

The strongest, toughest, 
epoxy paint  you can buy!  Corro Coat FC 2100A is filled with Kelvar 
(tm) microfibers and feldspar ceramic) - Solvent free and can even be applied 
underwater. This is the best stuff in the Marketplace.








A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find this product, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 






The only Epoxy Paint 
reinforced with Kevlar (tm) microfibers and feldspar ceramic for an incredible 
hard and tough product plus enhanced abrasion resistance. You will not find a 
better epoxy paint for your tough, demanding project. Non hazmat to ship - so 
flies anywhere you need it.  This super performance epoxy has its own web 
page - 
FC2100.
Can be applied Underwater too! Nothing else like it 
in the market. Manhole and tank lining system.



COMMON APPLICATIONS: marine barrier coat, leak repair in tanks pits and 
basements, gap filling paint on rough pitted surfaces, underwater application on 
pilings, sheet piling



 





Order this
					product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link: EPOXY NOW



Water Gard 300™  
(1.5 is the most common purchase - also 3 gal kits for marine barrier coats and 
industrial facilities)
High end 
end, solvent free epoxy paint available in blue or white. This
	version has a little bit of flex to it. - 2 to 1 mix ratio. Can be applied 
underwater (ie. spa and swimming pool repair). Manhole and tank lining system. A 
very popular marine barrier coat epoxy. 




							COMMON APPLICATIONS: marine barrier coat, underwater swimming pool repair, 
commercial grade blue/white epoxy paint, fish tanks, pits, manholes, water 
treatment facilities



Order this
					product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link: EPOXY NOW






Water Gard 300 coating a boat bilge
before and after pictures -
full story  here






 


Liqua Tile 1172 is our potable water epoxy paint. Approved down 
to tanks as small as 50 gallons (99% of potable water paints require a tank size 
of 800 or 1000 gallons. 
Learn more    
 


Order this
			EPOXY product NOW



 








6/16/10























Hello Paul,

I own a 1986 Hunter Legend 40 sailboat. I bought the boat in the fall of 2004 and had the hull below the waterline
was sandblasted in the spring of 2005. The hull was then coated by the boat yard with a VC-Tar coal tar epoxy at
great expense. by the fall of 2005, barely 5 months later, the hull started showing signs of osmosis again below
the waterline. This was likely due to the very thin coat of coal tar applied by the boat yard.






In the spring of 2006 I proceeded to sand off the VC-Tar from the entire
hull and applied five coats your coal tar expoxy. Once dry, I applied a hard antifouling paint. The coal tar has
held up beautifully and is still in good condition after 5 years. The osmosis has not resurfaced, indicating that
the coal tar is doing its job as a barrier coat.

My only disappointment is that the curing time can be lengthy and if you apply antifouling paint over the coal
tar before it is fully cured, the paint will craze. That said, I have since sanded the antifouling paint off and
subsequent paint coatings hold up well on the rougher surface.






Regards, Fulvio






 


CM 15 
A top quality solvent 
based epoxy paint with extremely long pot life and plenty of flex (unlike most 
brittle epoxy paints). Used as an epoxy paint/barrier coat and places where good 
flex is required (often over wood)


Order this
			EPOXY product NOW


find these 
epoxy paints in our 
COMMERCIAL - DIY CATALOG
find these 
epoxy paints in our 
MARINE CATALOG
 





			Our underwater epoxies have saved a sinking yacht in the Pacific 
			Ocean. Their story is now a book. This is proof, you don't venture 
			offshore without the epoxy products you need to save your boat from 
			sinking. Read more -
			Epoxy Saves 
			Sinking Yacht .



 
 



 



Let's talk 
						about your project.


						EMAIL me about what you're doing 
and I will 
						call or email you back








 

Basement leak repair - Kevlar (tm) wet surface epoxy paint and fiberglass cloth on 
	wall / floor seam



 







Nothing but Quality 
Products at Good Prices, Great Customer Service, and Lots and Lots of Helpful 
Information











											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 
#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches
#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches
#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											


											company video
 







 








						Marine Catalog




						Home/Com. Catalog







							Boat Links






						Floor Coating Links







							HOMEPAGE







							Data Sheets




 






































Section 4 - 
Bar top - table top epoxy - penny floor
 
POURED TWO PART EPOXY RESINS 


FOR TABLE TOP / BAR TOP 
POUR ON CLEAR RESIN

This product is 
featured on the GreatThings4u.com website













Bio Clear 810 epoxy man cave Bottle Cap Bar


About half of our 
customers that call us change their minds about doing a poured epoxy surface. 
They go for a brushed on spar varnish surface 
over an epoxy sealer and a brushed on marine epoxy layer. This combination 
is  always cheaper and better in some cases. 

Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)



We are the only table top / bar 
								top / penny floor epoxy source that offers as 
								one of our multiple epoxy options (option #3), a 
								multi coat, non blushing, epoxy with bubble 
								breakers and extended work times (for better 
								self leveling and larger projects). Consider 
								Basic No Blush Epoxy with Slow Summer Curing 
								agent. We can offer these kinds of options 
								because we are an epoxy company and not a 
								marketing firm selling some generic bulk product 
								through a slick web site.



 










Quick Buy --
DIY BIO CLEAR 810 (tm) BAR TOP EPOXY -- 
(under "Special Purpose Epoxies") 
one 3-gal 
kit will cover 18 sf at 1/4 inch thick
(Bio Clear 810) "Great 
Product. Works great on burying wine and craft beer labels on tabletops, etc." - 
C.G.H. 11/16
"As a professional woodworker, 
I was recently contracted to make a 14 foot curling table for a customer. After 
doing some research, I came across your Bio-Clear 810 epoxy product and chose it 
for the price and the eccentric web site. I figured that such a "different" web 
site MUST be offset by a truly quality product. I was right! My customer was delighted with the product and I hope to sell many more of these curling tables in the United States.
Thanks guys ! " -  John

COST A BIG CONCERN?    
Poured on epoxy table and bar tops are  $$$ - consider a more traditional 
marine spar varnish finish - much much cheaper and very classy - info on our
POUR ON EPOXY page 
Doing a Penny 
Floor? Learn about epoxy top coat 
options with 
the link above and then goto our
Penny Floor 
page.
 




best option 
			for outdoors





 



Minwax (tm) oil 
			stain - left to dry for 2 weeks - 2 coats ESP 155 epoxy sealer and 
			primer - 4 coats of India Spar Varnish (note ESP 155 and Varnish not 
			for sale in California)



 

"I bought some ESP 155 as a prime coat and used your 
				India Marine Spar Varnish on top - unbelievably good! Forty year 
				old mahogany seats in my dingy look as good as the brand new 
				gunwales. Not sure how well it projects on the camera - dark 
				basement- but looks so, so good!" John 1/15 



"As a professional woodworker, I was recently contracted to make a 14 foot curling table for a customer. After doing
some research, I came across your Bio-Clear 810 epoxy product and chose it for the price and the eccentric web
site. I figured that such a "different" web site MUST be offset by a truly quality product.
I was right!
This was the first time I had ever attempted an epoxy pour, so after some practice and reading the provided literature,
I figured out the technique for pouring a 14 foot x 22" top.
My customer was delighted with the product and I hope to sell many more of these curling tables in the United States.

Thanks guys ! " -  John





READ COMMENTS/ FEEDBACK FROM 
			USERS OF BIO CLEAR 810 POUR ON EPOXY - CLICK 
			HERE FOR CUSTOMER FEEDBACK . LOTS OF USEFUL END USER 
			INFORMATION YOU WILL NOT FIND ON OTHER SITES.



 

This 
is why you REALLY need to use our Bio Clear 810 epoxy on your bar top
A commercial 
epoxy pour contractor recently used our Bio Clear 810 to replace a badly 
yellowed epoxy covered logo in the INSIDE  floor of regional airport 
terminal with our 'almost no yellowing' Bio Clear 810 (cyclo-aliphatic epoxies 
to the rescue!) 
This is a good example of why you want to use only a 
cyclo-aliphatic epoxy for your bar top. The other clear epoxies sold for table 
tops suffer from bad (excessive?) yellowing (and I bet they don't even mention 
it on their web sites).  
Because of the yellowing, it is generally not a 
good idea to have a poured epoxy table / bar outside in the sun, but if you do - 
use our cycloaliphatic epoxy and keep it covered when not in use.
Bio Clear 810 is the only resin 
system using 'surface tension agents' that help any bubbles the form pop on 
their own. Visit our link below to learn more (Learn more about
pour on epoxy surfaces)
Still not convinced this is the 
best product for your project? - call us and lets talk about it.



Order this
					product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link: EPOXY NOW


 
Link below includes amazing 
Bar Top Epoxy Art examples that takes epoxy from your tabletop to Board Room 
wall. The artist/contractor is available to do your epoxy table or wall art
 


Learn more about
pour on epoxy surfaces
 

	 




Bio Clear 
			810 Contractor Box - Hire a Pro for your next epoxy pour
Ohio 
			based John Martin of Epoxy Concepts has travelled the country 
			pouring Bio Clear 810 epoxy on commercial projects. His largest 
			project, probably a record setter in poured epoxy projects, was a 34 
			ft by 34 ft  (1156 squ feet) recording studio floor. With the 
			help of 6 assistants Mr. Martin tinted the epoxy blue, added metal 
			flakes to make the poured epoxy sparkle, and poured out over 200 
			gallons of Bio Clear 810 epoxy. 
More 
			common projects for Mr. Martin are commercial bars (may of the bar 
			pictures here are Mr. Martin projects). As the owners tell me, "All 
			the money is made within ten feet of the bar," so the bar gets top 
			billing. Generally it takes about 20 gallons of Bio Clear 810 for 
			commercial  bar surface. Sets of table tops for restaurants are 
			also common projects.
Mr. 
			Martin does not work for us. Our customers hire him directly after 
			purchasing the Bio Clear 810 epoxy from us. Mr. Martin and Epoxy 
			Concepts can be reached at 
jjgmartin@gmail.com 
			or by calling 859-553-3187
Your 
			project might not be 1156 square feet, but use an professional epoxy 
			that can handle such a huge pour successfully. Bio Clear 810 has a 
			track record and following in the professional marketplace.
 



 



 



Let's talk 
						about your project.


						EMAIL me about what you're doing 
and I will 
						call or email you back







 

OPTION 1 
				--  Thick pour epoxy - use for pours over 1/4 inch and with 
				a leak-proof edge all around the project. The most professional, 
				commercial grade bar top and table top system/method available ---
				GOTO OPTION 1 
				- Bio Clear 810 - the most non yellowing epoxy available. Most 
				professional method/results - Most expensive. 




"Love the 
			product (Bio Clear 810) these past six years I've been using it."




			John R. - Custom Furniture Creations (8/15)
			
			find on Facebook



Bio Clear 810 (tm)- 
			Table top epoxy for Professionals



 

OPTION 2 -- Pour a 
				thin epoxy over your surface and let it drip over the side (or 
				brush on semi - thick coats of epoxy) use EPOXY CLEAR TOP RESIN 
				--- 
				GOTO OPTION 2 NOTE: THIS 'CLEAR' EPOXY HAS AN AMBER PART 
				A IN THE CAN - CLEAR WHEN POURED OR BRUSHED. Often used for 
				DIY home craft projects
 

OPTION 3 ---  
				special craft projects use a thicker marine type epoxy (which 
				has more bubbles)  -   examples at
				Maine Coast 
				Creations web site. - Often used to fill cracks and knot 
				holes in wood bar slabs etc. use BASIC NO BLUSH EPOXY -
				buy at epoxyusa.com USE TO 
				FILL KNOT HOLES ETC. IN SLABS OF WOOD/BAR TOPS
 

OPTION 4 --  
				Brush on a solvent thinned epoxy epoxy sealer and primer (use 
				ESP 155) , then top coat with several coats of INDIA SPAR 
				VARNISH.  Note; these two products cannot be sold in 
				California. - Least expensive and best for outdoors. Can polish 
				and wax spar varnish to a mirror finish. 
GOTO OPTION 4
 





"I am 
			reminded of the story about a man who drank a quart of
			varnish. It 
			was a terrible end, but a beautiful finish."




					"Thanks for all your advice, tips & moral support 
				concerning my project. It turned out beautiful. Quality people backing a quality product is the 
				only way to go!"
				

					Joe



Member - 
			Better Business Bureau (tm) / New Hampshire shop and buy with 
			confidence

email or call 603 435 7199 
			SUPPORT -
			BUY 
			NOW



 









						Marine Catalog




						Home/Com. Catalog







							Boat Links






						Floor Coating Links







							HOMEPAGE







							Data Sheets




 











											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 
#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches
#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches
#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											


											company video
 






 


Section 5 - 
Epoxy putties and Polyurethane coatings (MCU - LPU)


 

EPOXY
PUTTY/"GOO"/REPAIR PRODUCTS/ ALUTHANE MCU 

 AND LPU URETHANES

Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)
  






A COMMERCIAL - INDUSTRIAL - 
			PROFESSIONAL  PRODUCT





							You won't find this product, or products like it, in 
			a general purpose, mass market, consumer, DIY, box store or flashy 
			marketing company website. 





 

Aluthane (tn)  Bathtub


 



What is an MCU 
				Coating?  
 
MCU 
						stands for Moisture Cured Urethane and makes a very 
						superior high performance  coating. These are a 
						unique type of coating much better known in commercial 
						industrial painting circles than within the general 
						public market.  Most MCU coatings use tiny aluminum 
						flake as pigment which gives them their classic 
						silvery/gray color and enhances their remarkable 
						properties. 
MCU 
						contain lots of solvents which aids in penetrating tiny 
						cracks and crevices. The coating scavenges moisture from 
						its contact surfaces and the air and undergoes an 
						cross-linking molecular process which 'grips' or grabs 
						onto surfaces for outstanding adhesion, even with poorly 
						prepared surfaces. Removing internal surface moisture 
						removes one of the key components necessary for rust 
						development. 
The 
						resulting dry surface (aided by the stacking aluminum 
						pigment platelets) provides a physical barrier to air 
						and oxygen, another necessary component for rust to 
						form.  The result is a thin, hard coating that 
						seals our air, water, salts, minerals etc.  
						essentially encapsulating the surface  It therefore 
						is one of the best, easy to apply, rust and corrosion 
						control coatings. 
Its 
						amazing adhesion results in a versatile coating well 
						suited for use on steel, aluminum, concrete, fiberglass, 
						wood etc. It can be used as a primer/sealer, a middle 
						coat or a exposed as a topcoat. The aluminum pigmented 
						versions have no UV issues, can be applied at low 
						temperatures and operate at temperatures of up to about 
						400 degrees F. Besides being used as a rust stopper is 
						also has applications on  boats, roofing and 
						flooring applications. In is used a lot in the 
						industrial, automotive, marine and farm marketplaces. 
						The AUTO RESTORATION market is one place these coatings 
						are widely promoted within the 'DIY home' marketplace.
 







 

"Many aircraft paint systems use finely 
				powdered aluminum as a blocker, and this is a proven technology. 
				The paint must stick well to dacron, retain good flexibility for 
				many years, and generally be a tough coating. It should seal the 
				fabric, reducing any airflow (air leakage) to a minimum.  In my experience Aluthane meets these 
				requirements.
Aluthane wets out on dacron beautifully. It 
				penetrates and seals, too. I made up a 18" x 20" test panel and 
				stretched 2.7 oz aviation fabric at 300F. 
I had Aluthane on a dacron outdoor test panel 
				for five years. It was still in good condition after 
				five years, and continued to adhere well. I flew an airplane for 
				four years with the Aluthane topcoated with Polyfiber Bahama 
				Blue. Both the Aluthane and the topcoat remained flexible.
Aluthane also appears to stick like crazy to 
				both aluminum and fiberglass!" email - 10/14

"Hi Paul,-- We have been using the Aluthane product for 
6 years now and it has been a blessing for our business." (11/14)




ALUTHANE 
			(tm)  ALUMINUM PAINT 
moisture 
			cured urethane


Learn More -
			The Aluthane 
			Page



Before Pictures

After Pictures



























 



ALUTHANE



Order 
					this product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link to our Primary Web 
					Store:  
EPOXYPRODUCTS





							COMMON APPLICATIONS: rust preventing coating on metal structures (including 
bridges and fences),, trailers, replacing failing galvanized surfaces, aluminum 
boat sealing and top coat, perfect on most outdoor surfaces, auto restoration, 
hot temperature applications, applying in cold conditions, concrete, wood, metal 
floors, primer on wood and fiberglass boat repair, popular with tear drop 
trailer builders
 


Tom wrote (10/2008):

Thanks Paul; here are a few comments on the Aluthane. 

I was looking for a product to use on the 4" steel pilings on a newly constructed boat house. I wanted to
extend the life of the piles and the overall structure since the boathouse cost roughly $50K to build. Aluthane
was recommended. At the time, the water was down around three feet from normal pool so I was able to paint roughly
4 feet of the piling that was exposed. For prep, I used a simple paint scraper to smooth off the rough, loose rust
and then a wire brush. I did not put a lot of effort into preparation. Total prep time per piling was no more than
3-5 minutes. I used a 3" roller and rolled the Aluthane on. Again, very simple and quick. The 
Aluthane will
run, so you do have to roll it on and smooth any runs with another quick roll over.

The results looked great. Basically a shiny aluminum look. When the lake came back up to pool, I kept watch for
any signs of deterioration and saw none 12 months after application. The water went back down even further in the
last few months, so I was able to inspect much closer and even apply the Aluthane further down the pilings. There
was absolutely no rust through with 12-15 months of submersion.

The Aluthane surpassed all expectations and I now am in a wait
and see mode on how long it will last before corrosion...no signs yet. I know its not advertised for submerged
applications, but I can attest that it works very well for at a minimum of one year in fresh water applications.
Excellent product that requires very little prep and seems to be very effective. 
 
Visit the
aluthane (tm) page


 "Hello, I 
have used Aluthane to coat machinery and think it’s a marvelous product."




"I use your Aluthane as a sealer for 
fabric-covered airplanes. We use dacron, and Aulthane wets out beautifully on 
dacron. It also fills the weave, another desirable characteristic. The aluminum 
pigment protects the dacron from the sun....otherwise dacron deteriorates 
rapidly. I have seven years experience with aluthane, and it is doing a very 
good job. Now I am top coating with acrylic latex paint, and thus far I have a 
good results". --- JP (10/14) 






"Paul, just thought Id let you know, used 
							
							Aluthane on bottom of a  fiberglass/ epoxy 
							hull repair, on my high speed powerboat tunnel cat. 
							Left it on a mooring in Maine  for about a total of 3 months 
							(8 times for  3 week stretches) 
since last May. Paint is still perfect - submerged 3 weeks at a time." - 
							Dave 10/16



From the I.BOAT.COM forum - 12/22/02
I have nothing to do with this company, but I tried their Aluthane primer and it is great. 





This stuff works even better than they claim it does. I first tried it on a vinyl top of a old Pontiac Bonneville
(w/455 engine) that was mechanically sound but the top leaked like a sieve due to rust under the vinyl. The options
were fiberglass the top to seal the vinyl or paint over it. I tried aluthane, it worked. it water proofed it with
two coats, and even looks + decent. Now I have a high speed tow vehicle that ride four in comfort and pull my 21
foot cc.

I have also used aluthane on boat trailers and the floor on my small aluminum row boat. As I said it is even better
than they claim it is. 




 





ALUTHANE  -  aluminum MCU 
			(moisture cured urethane) super coating


Paul, (11/15),
Just wanted to let you know how well
			Aluthane 
			works as a coating for a boat anchor. We have a 41 foot DeFever 
			trawler with a 55# SuperMax anchor that dates to the late 1990s when 
			they were first produced. Over the years and a lot of anchoring in 
			various types of bottoms, the galvanized coating on the anchor had 
			deteriorated to being almost non-existent and the underlying steel 
			was starting to rust lightly. It's almost impossible around here 
			(east coast of Florida) to get anything regalvanized, so looked for 
			alternatives.
Aluthane jumped out at me as a good choice for a test. 
			Before we 
departed on our latest 4500 mile cruise from Florida to 
			Maine and return, I "painted" the SuperMax with two coats of 
			Aluthane after brushing off all the rust I could and coating it with 
			Ospho prior to the application of Aluthane.
Five months, lots of rain and ocean spray, and 51 nights at 
			anchor in various types of bottoms from sand and gravel and rock to 
			mud, the Aluthane had worn off at only the very tips of the anchor 
			(the area that digs into the bottom) and exposed the underlying 
			steel. The vast majority of the surface area of the anchor was still 
			being protected by the Aluthane.
I just finished adding two more coats and it looks great!




ALUTHANE WEB 
			PAGE    -----  
			ALUTHANE 
			CATALOG PAGE





			BUY ALUTHANE ON-LINE (non-epoxy section)   ----  
			OR CALL TO TALK OR BUY 603-435-7199



 
Quick Buy --

ALUTHANE (tm) MCU - ALUMINUM PAINT -- Now the 1quart and 1 gal units are the 
top sellers in this group
 





"I am 
			reminded of the story about a man who drank a quart of
			varnish. It 
			was a terrible end, but a beautiful finish."




					"Thanks for all your advice, tips & moral support 
				concerning my project. It turned out beautiful. Quality people backing a quality product is the 
				only way to go!"
				

					Joe



Member - 
			Better Business Bureau (tm) / New Hampshire shop and buy with 
			confidence

email or call 603 435 7199 
			SUPPORT -
			BUY 
			NOW


 









											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 
#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches
#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches
#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											


											company video
 


 



Stopping UV 
			damage and UV yellowing  
			----------------    Josie Lewis (6/2010) wrote:
Hi Paul: I recently 
			purchased some clear epoxy  and Acrylic Poly UV Plus from your 
			company. I have access to a UV chamber which simulates high altitude 
			direct UV exposure. I thought you might be interested in my 
			findings. I used a Masonite panel painted white and then coated with 
			the epoxy. On half of the epoxy coated panel, I brushed on one coat 
			of UV Poly and put it in the chamber for 644 hours at 50 C (the heat 
			accelerates the exposure). Attached is a picture of the results. The 
			masonite cracked a bit and separated due to a bit of wetness in the 
			wood (unrelated to the resin). The epoxy  ambered dramatically 
			within about 50 hours. After 644 hours, the UV Poly showed a slight 
			bit of ambering from the original control but it is marginal at 
			worst. The technician who ran the test said if it isn't yellow at 
			644 hours it is basically indestructible. I also tested several 
			other 2-part resin products with the UV Poly and had the same 
			result. You have a great product. I now feel secure knowing that my 
			resin art, protected with the Poly UV Plus, will be archival and 
			protected for long years. I will be ordering more soon!
Best, Josie (6/2010)
			Order Acrylic Poly UV plus - cannot be 
			sold in Calif. - and all our other products at our
King 
			Cart Storefront. Acrylic poly UV Plus 
			is in the non-epoxy section.

			Two Part Poly info/web site -----
			UV issues -----
			
			Epoxy/Poly Only Google Search -----
			Visit the Epoxy Guru 




 



 


Thick Epoxies

Let's talk about your repair project (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)

 


 
 


Thick 
				Epoxies/paste/gels/putties
 



 

 

LARGEST 
				SELECTION ANYWHERE 

				CONFUSED?  CALL 603 435 7199  talk/order
 



Wet Dry 700
				


BUY ONLINE NOW

STRONG HARD AND 
				TOUGH - APPLY UNDERWATER

Kevlar (tm) 
				feldspar ceramic reinforced epoxy. About wall mud or cake icing 
				thick. One of our most popular products. Can be applied 
				underwater with or without fiberglass cloth. Has saved leaking 
				boats/pools. Often carried by boats going offshore. Color is 
				off-white but quickly ambers to a golden color.

Available in 
				quart and gallon units.



Epoxy Cream


BUY ONLINE NOW

NO PULLING OR 
				DRAGGING
SLIDES OFF 
				PUTTY KNIFE SMOOTHLY

Creamy yellow 
				epoxy used for non structural fairing and filling of holes and 
				voids. Unlike other thick epoxies it slides off a putty knife 
				like a hot knife through butter without pulling or tugging the 
				epoxy behind it. Stays somewhat soft for several days.

Available in 
				1.5 quart and 1.5 gallon units.



Crack Coat


BUY ONLINE NOW

SMOOTH AND 
				FLEXIBLE

Dark Gray 
				smooth and slick epoxy. About as thick as toothpaste. Uniquely 
				flexible and will bend and move. Use on surfaces that need some 
				"give" due to expansion and contraction, vibration, etc. Good 
				for 'bedding' objects down. Can be applied on damp surfaces.

Available in 
				three quart units.



Splash Zone 
				A-788


BUY ONLINE NOW

ORIGINAL 
				CHEWING GUM LIKE UNDERWATER EPOXY

The 
				'Granddaddy' of thick epoxies and underwater epoxies. About 
				chewing gum thick - so thick it needs temps over about 60 
				degrees to even come out of the can.

Available in 
				two quart and two gallon units.


 







WET DRY 700 
(tm) Epoxy


							COMMON APPLICATIONS: Patching holes voids and leaks, underwater repairs 
(pools, boats, tanks), rot repair, gluing, pipe wraps, vertical/overhead 
fiberglass repairs, marine blister repair






WET DRY 700 (tm) 
					- kevlar (tm) / feldspar/ceramic industrial grade epoxy 
					paste. Cures underwater or on dry surfaces. If you only kept one epoxy putty 
repair product on your boat, workshop, or tool box, this would be it. This 
off-white epoxy (turns yellow over time) can be applied underwater. It 
has saved sinking boats, leaking swimming pools, repaired rotting window sills, 
and bonded wood to wood, wood to cement walls etc.  Wall mud or cake icing 
					thick. Not be be confused with our thick light blue or white  
					Water Gard 300 epoxy paint which can also be applied 
					underwater (generally pool repairs or marine barrier coats) 
					or our thick, gray, kevlar (tm) reinforced epoxy underwater 
					paint, Corro Coat fc2100A.
					CLICK 
					HERE FOR MORE INFO on all three of these industrial 
					epoxies.



					"I'll 
					stick with my original plan to use the Wet Dry 700 since 
					it's a nuclear reactor application, and I know of two other 
					reactors that have successfully used it" 
					- Jeff  12/16
Jeff (1/2013)   
I cannot believe how incredible this Wet Dry 700 is. 
It's revolutionary. The original repair to my storm shelter would have lasted 
years if the shelter would just stop shifting around in the ground. DON'T STOP 
SELLING THIS STUFF.
 (10/2013)     Comments: Returning  
-  Underwater boat repair - 
My third or fourth order and am still quite pleased with the result. It has 
many uses above and below the water line.
"The Wet Dry 700 epoxy 
				paste worked 
				great for patching for the rotted dingy transom. I cut out the rot, fitted new oak pieces, 
				and patched with the Wet Dry 700 epoxy. Easy as pie." -- 
				John 1/15



Order this
					product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link: EPOXY NOW






 





Wooden 
							Boat Forum post 3/9/16

"The stuff 
										mentioned is Wet Dry 700... Among other 
										things, I rebuilt a coffee mug handle, 
										filling a gap in the handle where the 
										ceramic was shattered. The repair has 
										survived hundreds of trips through the 
										dishwasher, a hot, wet, strongly 
										alkaline temperature cycle test that 
										will destroy most of the epoxies we use. 
										If I ever need a really hard, chemical 
										and heat resistant paste epoxy, this is 
										high on my list."
										BUY 
										NOW



 
This is the best 
			epoxy putty/paste/gel you can buy. Call us and let explain why

TWO PART 
POLYURETHANE PAINTS

			Let's talk about high end 2 part polyurethane paints  - 603 435 
			7199
 
Our two part marine use  
			polyurethanes (lpu coatings) - are way less in price (and better 
			quality) then the competition, which charge  2 - 4 times as 
			much as we do (we base on prices on industrial market prices, not 
			the inflated marine market prices). We have clear with exceptional 
			UV protection and high gloss white. These 2 part polys are tricky to 
			work with and are generally sprayed.
			MORE INFO ON 2 PART 
			POLYS.  
Save up to 65% with our 
			part LPU coatings - call to talk about it!




						Stopping UV damage and UV yellowing  
						----------------    Josie Lewis (6/2010) 
						wrote:
Hi Paul: I recently 
						purchased some clear epoxy  and Acrylic Poly UV 
						Plus from your company. I have access to a UV chamber 
						which simulates high altitude direct UV exposure. I 
						thought you might be interested in my findings. I used a 
						Masonite panel painted white and then coated with the 
						epoxy. On half of the epoxy coated panel, I brushed on 
						one coat of UV Poly and put it in the chamber for 644 
						hours at 50 C (the heat accelerates the exposure). 
						Attached is a picture of the results. The masonite 
						cracked a bit and separated due to a bit of wetness in 
						the wood (unrelated to the resin). The epoxy  
						ambered dramatically within about 50 hours. After 644 
						hours, the UV Poly showed a slight bit of ambering from 
						the original control but it is marginal at worst. The 
						technician who ran the test said if it isn't yellow at 
						644 hours it is basically indestructible. I also tested 
						several other 2-part resin products with the UV Poly and 
						had the same result. You have a great product. I now 
						feel secure knowing that my resin art, protected with 
						the Poly UV Plus, will be archival and protected for 
						long years. I will be ordering more soon!
Best, Josie 
						(6/2010) Order Acrylic 
						Poly UV plus - cannot be sold in Calif. - and all our 
						other products at our

						King Cart Storefront. 
						Acrylic poly UV Plus is in the non-epoxy section.



 
 



Order 
					this product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link to our Primary Web 
					Store:  
EPOXYPRODUCTS





Nothing but Quality 
Products at Good Prices, Great Customer Service, and Lots and Lots of Helpful 
Information
 









											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 
#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches
#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches
#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											


											company video
 






 




 








						Marine Catalog




						Home/Com. Catalog







							Boat Links






						Floor Coating Links







							HOMEPAGE







							Data Sheets





 







				Visit us for 

EPOXY PRODUCTS 
				and 

EPOXY INFORMATION





















				www.EpoxyProducts.com


				Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc. (since 1994)
 

				marine resins - epoxy paints - bar top resins - floor epoxy - 
				resin repair products - underwater epoxies





				Stay for the pictures


				Over 500 eye-catching pictures scattered across 200 epoxy pages 
				on this major internet site


homepage --
				contact page 
				--- boat 
				links ---
				floor 
				links --- 
				bar top epoxy




Section 6 - 
Underwater epoxy (apply underwater)
 

APPLY 2-PART UNDERWATER EPOXY PRODUCTS


Pool Repair, Fountain 
Repair, Boat Repair


Let's talk about underwater painting and repair (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)




This product is 
featured on the GreatThings4u.com website

Jeff (1/2013)
I cannot believe how incredible this Wet Dry 700 is. 
It's revolutionary. The original repair to my storm shelter would have lasted 
years if the shelter would just stop shifting around in the ground. DON'T STOP 
SELLING THIS STUFF.

 
 (10/2013)     Comments: Returning  
-  Underwater boat repair
My third or fourth order and am still quite pleased with the result. It has 
many uses above and below the water line.


Wet Dry 700 is the only Epoxy Putty reinforced with 
Kevlar (tm) microfibers and feldspar ceramic for an incredible hard and tough 
product. This is a hard working epoxy paste (about as thick as wall mud or cake 
icing).


							COMMON APPLICATIONS: Patching holes voids and leaks, underwater repairs 
(pools, boats, tanks), rot repair, gluing, pipe wraps, vertical/overhead 
fiberglass repairs, marine blister repair

Can be applied Underwater too! (it has saved lots of boats, leaking 
swimming pools and sinking floating homes) - Nothing else like it in the market.
Lots of folks buy it for a specific project and then come back to purchase more 
just to have around and handy.


Order this
					product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link: EPOXY NOW



We have a range of Use 
Underwater epoxies. Call to find the right product for your needs. Largest 
selection of underwater epoxies on the internet!








Paul,
I'm not the kind of person to 
			give feedback on products or services but I must comment on the 
			Water Gard 300 product. I purchased a home 4 years ago with a 
			fiberglass pool and 2 years ago it started to significantly chip. 
			Long story short, after significant analysis from multiple experts, 
			it turns out that the pool had ruptured and was repaired. 
			Unfortunately the repair person applied the fiberglass topcoat 
			incorrectly and it is all coming off. Luckily the pool is 
			structurally sound, just very ugly to look at. Estimates to fix it 
			range from $8,000 to $25,000 and no one would guarantee that the 
			entire pool would not collapse after draining the water which would 
			require an entire replacement.
 








After a year 
			of searching, and countless attempts at other solutions, I came 
			across your product. This product is amazing! I still can't believe 
			it's even possible to apply a paint (sorry epoxy) underwater. I used 
			a 14 foot extension pole with a roller to apply the paint/epoxy. The 
			most time consuming part was mixing parts A and B together. I 
			purchased the 3 gallon size but since I was working alone I mixed 
			small batches since the pot life was short. For roughly $350 my pool 
			looks brand new! I can't thank you enough. I've attached some before 
			and after pictures. 
Thanks again,
David 





							WATER GARD 300 EPOXY - COMMON APPLICATIONS: marine barrier coat, underwater swimming pool repair, 
commercial grade blue/white epoxy paint, fish tanks, pits, manholes, water 
treatment facilities









Swimming 
	Pool Chips - Stains and Cracks 
Pool chips, stains and 
	cracks can easily and cheaply be repaired with our Water Gard 300 Underwater 
	epoxy paint (colors white or light blue). If you have a chip or stain or 
	crack call us immediately at 603 435 7199. If you leave the damaged area 
	alone, it will only get worse, leading to a very $$$$ contractor repair and 
	the draining and refilling of your pool.
 
8/14 -- My name is T..R... 
and I live in Las Vegas, Nev. I have a beautiful custom pool and I noticed a 
small area on the side wall of my pool. I took a wire brush and tried to remove 
the dark colored spot. Unfortunately I rubbed too hard and made it worse, much 
worse. 

I contacted 10 
different pool companies and each of them informed me that I would need to drain 
the pool to repair the spot that was getting larger by the day. Draining a pool 
with 28,000 gallons during the summer is bad enough, but fixing the plaster that 
had been rubbed down to the Gunnite is very expensive. I needed a quick fix and 
there did not seem to be one! Well, I was wrong. 

I discovered a man 
named Paul Oman at epoxyproducts.com on the internet when I searched for 
(plaster underwater repair) and to my amazement he told me about an epoxy that 
you mix in a ratio of 2 to 1 (Water Gard 300 - available in white or light 
blue). 

It is human nature to 
be skeptical. Wow, this product is incredible! It repaired the spot perfectly 
for less than $100 and not the thousands that I would certainly have had to 
spend to repair the side of my pool. 

Once last thing, Paul 
sent me the white at my request. I mixed a light blue paint from a hobby store 
and my pool looks great. This product is perfect and it is for real. Do yourself 
a favor and don’t listen to the pool guys, they want your business and that adds 
up to big bucks! 

Thanks again Paul for 
helping me solve this problem. --- T..R.. 






Amazing
	Water Gard 300  
	epoxy is mentioned in the paint section above AND here in the Underwater 
	Coatings too. Our Kevlar (tm) reinforced epoxy paint (see above), Corro Coat
	fc 2100 A, also 
	belongs here too in the Apply Underwater Epoxy section




Hi Paul. This is Dave from San Angelo, 
				Tx. As I told you before, the underwater applied epoxy worked 
				great. I recommend you send your product info to all pool 
				companies and pool supply retailers or if you can find out who 
				has fiberglass pools and send them info if they ever need it. 
				Thanks 6/16



 

"Thanks much for the newsletter. 
	The epoxy products I bought performed perfectly by bonding to the FRP pool.
	
What a unique and pleasant 
	experience it was working with you and your company."  -- Lance (10/14)
	






Dear Paul, 


			Just wanted to let you know that the white water guard 300 I 
			purchased to repair my fiberglass swimming pool  underwater 
			worked great!!! Just what I was looking for. The product covered 
			more area than I expected, but I may be ordering more!!! Did test 
			spots on shallow area and steps, and It looks like it did 31 years 
			ago. Going to tackle the deep area next. Tested using a brush and a 
			roller. The paint brush worked a little better for me. Thank You So 
			Much!! I will share with others!  ----- 
Helen from LA.
All I can say 
			is thank you....



I have a small 
			fiberglass in-ground pool with visible bare spots. With the cost of 
			repainting (estimates of $5000) and risk of the pool popping out of 
			the ground if it was emptied to be repainted I looked for 
			alternatives and found you.


Used the 
			Water gard 300 you sent. I followed your advice and the instructions 
			provided. There were 3 or 4 bare spots. One was about 2 feet long 
			and down to the fiberglass very ugly. The epoxy you recommended for 
			the job was so easy to use. Saving me money. Thank you so much
Virginia -- Key West (7/17)
 



 



Order this
					product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link: EPOXY NOW



WE HAVE SEVERAL APPLY UNDERWATER 
	EPOXIES - FOR A LIST 
	CLICK HERE
 
 




Links for UNDERWATER 
			EPOXY 
Application of  
			DIY "underwater" epoxy paint and putty 
for repair and as 
			an adhesive. Underwater swimming pool 
epoxy paint and 
			repairs - Wet surface painting.
 Yes, 
			you can apply some special epoxy paint/puttty coatings UNDERWATER
 
1) 
			application of 
			underwater epoxy paint (photograph) -----
uwpaint.html

2) 
			underwater 
			repair epoxy saves sinking yacht  ----- 
			cs_boat.html 
3) 
			history of 
			underwater paint putty epoxy
----- 
			uwhistory.html 
4) 
			description / 
			buy links to underwater epoxy paint putty adhesive 
			----- 
			under4u.html 
5) 
			epoxy and non 
			epoxies that can be used  (not applied) underwater  ----- 
			immerse.html  
 

Contact Page 
(phone or email us)

			Links to online storefront for buying UNDERWATER EPOXY
Splash Zone A-788 
			-- Wet Dry 700 -- Corro Coat fc2100A -- Water Gard 300

Third Party article 
about underwater epoxies

 


Nothing but Quality 
Products at Good Prices, Great Customer Service, and Lots and Lots of Helpful 
Information











											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 
#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches
#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches
#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											


											company video
 













 








						Marine Catalog




						Home/Com. Catalog







							Boat Links






						Floor Coating Links







							HOMEPAGE







							Data Sheets







 

Section 7 - 
Pebble deck epoxy products
 

PEBBLE STONE FLOOR-DECK RECOAT TWO PART EPOXY 
RESIN


Let's talk about your pebble deck (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)

 

Pebble stone decks need recoating every 2 - 5 years 
(sooner if you hired a contractor to do it and they 'cut all sorts of corners' 
to maximize their profits - the reason why a majority of people reseal their 
stone decks themselves).  If you see loose pebbles and stones you are past 
the time you should have resealed the deck with new epoxy. You can still repair 
a few loose stones and reseal everything, but do not delay much longer. Lose 
enough stones the then entire deck will need to be removed and replaced.

CLICK
HERE (epoxy stone pebble decks)



Order this
					product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link: EPOXY NOW


 




6/2006) 
"Just finished using your No Blush Epoxy on our stone/pebble pool deck. Used 
four 1.5 gallon kits for about 800 sq. feet. The rollers you sell for this are 
the way to go. I used 3 for this job and should have ordered a 4th to be safe. 
Power mixed 1.5 gallons at a time and used an oversized paint roller an(1 
gallon) and a standard size one. With 2 people we were done in 11/2 hours. The 
weather was overcast and 62 degrees and had not trouble at all. Looks great and 
hope to get 3 or 4 years out of it here in Ohio. The stone was laid 3 years ago 
and am interested to see the comparison. Great product."
Kevin D


FOUR YEARS LATER KEVIN DID ANOTHER DIY RECOAT - HERE ARE HIS MOST RECENT COMMENTS

(5/2010) "Wanted to let you know how pleased we are with the No Blush (summer
version). Just finished doing our pebble pool deck and it came out great. The summer version gave us more time
to roll on the product and not feel rushed. I highly recommend the split rollers. Our deck is around 850 sq. ft.
; we used 4 of the 1.5 gallon kits and 3 of the split rollers The split rollers worked great, just make sure that
you keep them wet and don't over roll the stone so that the roller has little to no epoxy on it. It took us around
2 hours including power blowing the deck surface. The temperature was around 75. 

Really a simple project if you plan ahead. Used a 3 gallon plastic bucket to mix the batch using a battery powered
drill and mixing device attached. Clean-up was easy. We used old plastic bags to take the roller off and dispose
of them.

By the way, the quotes to do our deck (825 sq. ft) ranged between $850 to $1200. Also they all were using standard
rollers for epoxy and not the foam split rollers you sell. The amount of epoxy used by the contractors to recoat
was only 2 to 3 gallons versus the four of the 1.5 gallon kits you sell. People need to be sure if they have it
done there is enough epoxy being used by the contractors to settle into the gaps with the stone to get a good sealing. 
-- Proof of a happy repeat 
customer. You won't find that on any other web site's feedback section. What 
more can we say about our Basic No Blush epoxy to convince you that this is the 
best product for your pebble deck?
Prime reseal 
season is March-Nov. Don't miss out on this season's resealing 



Order this
					product by calling 603-435-7199 
					anytime or order online using this link: EPOXY NOW





Order one 1.5 gal Basic No 
Blush epoxy kit per 200 sf of stone to reseal and optional special split roller 
for application and optional short 
nap epoxy rollers - 
click here
for roller info)
 
If 
you don't use or FORMULATED, OUTDOOR, MARINE GRADE epoxy (opting for some cheap, 
no-name clear epoxy) you will probably regret it.
MORE INFO.
Comes in regular, slow summer cure, or fast winter cure.






The little bit of FLEX 
										formulated into BASIC NO BLUSH Epoxy 
										(tm) makes a big difference in 
										outdoor/marine/all weather applications.
 


Epoxies, because of 
										their chemistry, are hard and brittle. 
										They will crack or even shatter into 
										lots of pieces with any sort of impact. 
										You may have seen epoxy tabletops and 
										surfaces with millions of tiny cracks 
										throughout the epoxy. 
Brittleness is an 
										important property of epoxies that few 
										vendors ever bring up. When and if 
										problems associated with brittleness 
										occurs, it is well past the time to 
										blame the epoxy vendor for this 
										unadvertised negative property. Look for 
										honest vendors that mention brittleness 
										issues on their website.
Brittleness/flex issues 
										is one of the most important reasons for
										not buying your epoxy from an epoxy 
										REPACKAGER, even if they have 
										cheaper prices. (REPACKAGERS simply 
										buy drums of raw resin and drums of raw 
										curing agents from the big chemical 
										companies and pour it out into smaller 
										jugs for resale).
Epoxy FORMULATORS 
										(who use the raw chemicals but then add 
										or modify or formulate those chemicals 
										for better user properties) can add 
										flex agents to their epoxies to reduce 
										brittleness. Our Basic No Blush epoxy is 
										a good example. About 12 years ago we 
										decided the epoxy was too brittle so we 
										changed the formulation to add some 
										extra 'flex' and reduce brittleness. For 
										several years we called this new 
										formulation Basic No Blush Two. We then 
										dropped the "Two" and went back to 
										calling it simply Basic No Blush epoxy 
										once again.
Note that even the "NO 
										BLUSH" term shows this epoxy uses 
										more expensive chemicals that do not 
										"Blush" during curing which can leave 
										behind a waxy film in cool and damp 
										environments. Most epoxy vendors sell 
										the cheaper epoxies that do BLUSH)
In summary, epoxy 
										REPACKAGERS cannot modify their epoxies 
										to reduce brittleness. Only epoxy 
										FORMULATORS can adjust the epoxy 
										chemistry to reduce brittleness. That 
										said, not all of them do. One of the 
										major marine epoxy vendors is know to 
										have a very brittle product. 
 











																			Why 
																			Basic 
																			No 
																			Blush 
																			epoxy 
																			is 
																			the 
																			BEST 
																			in 
																			its 
																			class:



1. A
																			formulated 
																			blended 
																			resin 
																			system 
																			(not 
																			repackaged 
																			raw 
																			chemicals)




																			2) 
																			Uses
																			NON 
																			BLUSHING 
																			curing 
																			agent 
																			for 
																			blush 
																			free 
																			results




																			3) 
																			not 
																			too 
																			thick, 
																			not 
																			too 
																			thin, 
																			not 
																			too 
																			brittle




																			4) 
																			the 
																			only 
																			marine 
																			epoxy 
																			with
																			
																			BUBBLE 
																			BREAKERS 
																			for 
																			superior 
																			flaw 
																			free 
																			finishes




																			5) 
																			the 
																			only
																			
																			epoxy 
																			adduct 
																			marine 
																			epoxy 
																			for 
																			superior 
																			properties



6) 
																			strong 
																			user 
																			support 
																			/ 
																			feedback


																			7) 
																			24/7 
																			support 
																			email
																			

																			marineepoxy@gmail.com
 





 

For marine or Landscape applications 
										always use BASIC NO BLUSH EPOXY from 
										Progressive Epoxy Polymers.

 




 



Order this
			EPOXY product  (and split 
			rollers) NOW (simple ordering site - 
			regular cure only) 


 


Order this two 
					part 
EPOXY Product 
					NOW
					from our  large Primary web store - regular, summer
or winter cure available at this 
					site along with the split rollers 


 














WOW! 


 35% 
			- 40% of all daily online or telephone orders are from existing  
			customers. That's an amazing 'REPEAT 
			CUSTOMER" number.








							EPOXY-ONLY WEB SEARCH


603 - 435 - 
			7199 ANYTIME 24/7 FOR HELP OR ORDERS



















 


"We are the only company that shows you who we are (watch 
	our 2 min video); special chemical advantages of some of our epoxies (nonyl 
	free epoxies -- 
	
	epoxy adducts -- 
	
	cyclo-aliphatic epoxies); and who offers 24/7/365 phone (603 - 435 - 
	7199) or
	email 
	support for help, questions, and/or orders. We go the extra mile for 
	your respect and support."



 



 
Nothing but Quality 
Products at Good Prices, Great Customer Service, and Lots and Lots of Helpful 
Information
 









											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 
#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches
#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches
#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											


											company video
 






 








						Marine Catalog




						Home/Com. Catalog







							Boat Links






						Floor Coating Links







							HOMEPAGE







							Data Sheets







 







We really appreciate 
you visiting PROGRESSIVE EPOXY POLYMERS, INC. and our web site: 
EPOXYPRODUCTS.COM.  Take advantage of the CONTACT links on this page to ask 
questions about our products and/or your projects. You can stay in touch with us 
via our NEWSLETTER (link on our
contact page) which is 
emailed  every 6-8 weeks.


This 
current page is all about:

 LARGEST SOURCE - EPOXY 
RESIN PRODUCTS
Source - two part epoxy marine garage floor boat epoxy 
	resin
	Multi vendor source for internet epoxy resin paint floor epoxy garage 
	underwater marine epoxy boat resin systems - CHECK US OUT





  
						
						



Buy 
								With Confidence




BBB 
								Certified Approved vendor
 


Always find/confirm 
								Better 
								Bus. Bureau accreditation when buying online. If 
								they have it, they would show it!




member (Paul Oman MS 
								MBA)


 
								NACE 
								(Nat Assoc Corrosion Engineers)




member (Paul Oman MS 
								MBA)



SSPC (Soc of 
								Protective Coatings)




Like Us On




								FACEBOOK




Like Us On




								Google Plus


 



								Don't be fooled by slick and flashy websites 
								designed by marketing firms and web designers




QUESTIONS? READY TO 
								ORDER?



EMAIL 
								OR CALL 603 435 7199  -
								
								ORDER ONLINE



		 


Section 8 - 
Epoxy Fillers and thickeners
 

EPOXY FILLERS / THICKENERS ---- FUMED SILICA FOR BOATS BUILDERS 
(one option to thicken your epoxy with) AND FLY
FISHERMEN


Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)





 
"Paul, This is my 2nd order with your company... When a dry fly
becomes waterlogged, I squeeze it between layers of an absorbent cloth, then apply the fumed silica with the brush
working it into all parts of the fly. It then floats like new, if not better."
 
Scott (9/7/09) "I catch more fish with your product than anything
else I've ever tried! Thanks!"  


his product is 
featured on the GreatThings4u.com website 
- 2 quart unit of fumed silica is a top seller with fishermen and boat builders 
- also the EZ Thick epoxy thickener for boat repair projects.
 
 



Order this
			 product NOW



 









						Marine Catalog




						Home/Com. Catalog







							Boat Links






						Floor Coating Links







							HOMEPAGE







							Data Sheets










 













Section 9 - 
Sections in our Marine Catalog -- Sections in our Home/Com. Catalog

Let's talk (603 - 435 - 7199 or 
							EMAIL)

MARINE CATALOG LINKS
 
1) our marine/boating epoxy site (www.epoxyproducts.com/marine.html) which then links
	to:

---------- our TABLE OF CONTENTS page for our marine site (www.epoxyproducts.com/mproducts.html) From this page you can take links the to the six or so different sections of our marine catalog
Section One MARINE - CLEAR EPOXIES sometimes called 'goo'
Section Two FILLERS THICKENERS ADDITIVES
Section Three THICKENED EPOXIES - EPOXY PUTTIES - sometimes called 'goo', ETC.
Section Four EPOXY PAINTS (barrier coats)
Section Five URETHANES AND NON-EPOXY COATINGS
Section Six NON-SKID DECK COATINGS
Section Seven MARINE REPAIR (fiberglass cloth etc) PRODUCTS
Section Eight MISC. MARINE PRODUCTS


These catalog sections have so much information that they overwhelm most first time visitors.
So we also have a mini-catalog (product, price, short description, where to find in our online storefront). Click here for the mini catalog.



HOME / COMMERCIAL 
	CATALOG LINKS
 
2) our industrial/commercial/home site (www.epoxyproducts.com/main.html) IF YOU ARE NOT DOING
	A BOAT RELATED PROJECT, START HERE WITH THIS LINK. This link then links to:

---------- our TABLE OF CONTENTS page for our industrial site (www.epoxyproducts.com/products4u.html) From this page you can take
		links the to the six or so different sections of our industrial catalog
Section A EPOXY PAINTS
Section B FLOOR EPOXIES (regular and non-skid products), SEALERS, ACCESSORIES
Section C THICKENED EPOXIES - EPOXY PUTTIES  (sometimes called 
		'goo'), ETC.
Section D CLEAR EPOXIES - CLEAR COATINGS
Section E NON-EPOXY PAINTS COATINGS SEALERS
Section F MIX-IN ADDITIVES
Section G OTHER PRODUCTS
Section H SURFACE PREPARATION PRODUCTS


These catalog sections have so much information that they overwhelm most first time visitors.
So we also have a mini-catalog (product, price, short description, where to find in our online storefront). Click here for the mini catalog.









											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 
#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches
#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches
#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											


											company video
 






 
 




Where to Use 
				India Spar Varnish
Our
			India Spar 
			Varnish has three primary applications. 1) applied over a thick 
			or thin layer of epoxy used on
			table tops and 
			bar tops. Vanish provides necessary
			UV protection 
			that all epoxies need as well as a wear surface that can be polished 
			to a mirror finish. 2) Varnish is used on 'natural' wood finishes on 
			boats. Again, generally over epoxy (such as in
			
			Stitch - and - Glue  or wood strip construction)  but 
			sometimes directly on the wood. If you using our
			Basic No Blush 
			marine  epoxy (why not?) be sure to wash off and remove any
			amine blush 
			that might have formed on the surface of the epoxy before you 
			varnish it. Note that spar varnish is a solvent based coating that 
			has been time tested for over a century on boats out in the sun and 
			weather 24/7. You won't find any modern "polyurethanes " on these 
			boats (keep the urethanes for indoor use - better still, use India 
			Spar Varnish on inside applications too). 3) Use India Spar Varnish 
			over naturally finished wood floors, usually over an epoxy primer -
			ESP 155 
			(or thicker epoxy like LOW V epoxy - used on shipping container 
			floors) applied over the wood and under the varnish. 

ONLINE STORE 
			Purchase Here - Cannot be shipped to California. 




 

Get on our
Newsletter List by
emailing us your contact/email info






 BIG list 
			of internet links for: 
			FLOOR EPOXY 
			PAINTS - GARAGE FLOOR COATINGS
BIG list of 
			internet links for: 
			EPOXY BOAT 
			BUILDING - REPAIR - MARINE EPOXIES - BLISTER FIXES - BARRIER COATS
BIG list of 
			internet links for: 
			EPOXY 
			REPAIRS - ROT - LEAKS - PIPE REPAIR - UNDERWATER REPAIRS
BIG list of 
			internet links for: 
			EPOXY 
			BASICS - GETTING STARTED WITH EPOXIES - EPOXY 101
 



 

OTHER IMPORTANT OR USEFUL LINKS:
 
EVERYONE'S GUIDE TO INSTANT 
TWO PART EPOXY RESIN EXPERTISE  CLICK HERE EPOXY RESIN BASICS
CONTACT PAGE AND LINK TO ON-LINE STORE FRONT - HOW TO
ORDER PRODUCTS  CLICK HERE
SKIP EVERYTHING - GOTO OUR ONLINE STORE AND ORDER OUR
FAMOUS NO BLUSH MARINE EPOXY RESIN NOW! CLICK
HERE (EPOXYUSA.com)
 

Already know what you want? Goto our 1-line product/price
summary page MARINE 
EPOXY or INDUSTRIAL HOME EPOXIES
Our international site (mostly non-hazmat products we
can ship outside the USA) - (www.epoxyproducts.com/international.html)
Still confused about the layout of our web site? Try
visiting our site map graphic/flow chart - CLICK HERE epoxy site map.
 

TWO PART EPOXIES FOR THE ELECTRONIC INDUSTRY (SPECIAL LINK) CLICK HERE
WHO IS PROGRESSIVE EPOXY POLYMERS, INC.? CLICK HERE.
CLEARANCE (DISCOUNTED PRODUCTS) SITE CLICK HERE (epoxy discounted products)
.
PRODUCTS FOR FIXING LEAKS - CLICK HERE (epoxy leak repair).
COLD OR HOT WEATHER  
2-PART EPOXIES - CLICK HERE (summer and winter epoxies)
.
LEARN ABOUT OUR USER FRIENDLY PRICING - CLICK HERE 
(distributor epoxy pricing). .
STILL MORE LINKS:


	Aaron's Directory
	of Two Part Epoxy Web Sites
Paints-Coatings-Epoxies
	Web Site









											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 
#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches
#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches
#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											


											company video
 






 













										Let's stay connected.
It's a win-win situation. Receive 
										our online NEWSLETTER by
										
										emailing us your name and email 
										address.











Click Here 
			To Like/Recommend Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc. (epoxyproducts.com) 
			on FACEBOOK


 



Customer Feedback 
	- Customer Reviews:


"The Epoxy Guru" 
	Ask me your questions




"Thanks, Paul. You know what your downfall is??? You have
such great customer
service nobody wants to use another company!!" -- Glenn 9/09




Subject: RE: Water proofing
	Date: Mon, 15 July 15:28:52 +0100
	From: "Lee" <xx@xxxxxx>
	To: "'Paul Oman'" <p.oman@ix.netcom.com>
Hi Paul

	Just to let you know that the epoxy paint arrived today. It was a pleasure doing business with a company that is
	prepared go the extra yard to sell their product, even for such a small order. Thanks again for all you help and
	patience --- Lee



Dec 2008 from Doug: "The following is my opinion of a
good company. My affiliation is as a DIY end user. No recompense, no funny business: I've been refurbishing our
1973 ketch and have done some epoxy work in that process. I've never worked with epoxy before this. I talked to
several local glass workers and researched on line to learn a bit about epoxy. I searched for different vendors
and their prices. I settled on a place in New Hampshire called Progressive Epoxy Polymers. (http://www.epoxyproducts.com/main.html)

My first thought was, what a mess of a web site. I found it very confusing. Since I first came upon it, there have
been improvements made to make it more "user friendly". Aside from that, the site is most informative
to this beginning DIY'r. I was won over by the explanations, descriptions of chemistries, MSDS's , suggested usages,
and personal responsiveness of the owner and his wife. I did a calculation of prices per ounce, approximating the
match of the different brand's products. I realize that there is no way I can say I'm comparing the same chemistry
of different brands. Nevertheless, Progressive Epoxy prices remain the best I have found. 

I've used the Premium No Blush (~15 gallons), Low-V (~2 gal), a putty with kevlar, and some elastomeric stuff.
In addition I've used the fumed silica, micro balloons, ez-thick, chopped glass & milled glass.

Progressive Epoxy Polymers is my epoxy resin source, I recommend them."



Subject: Re: Hello I have an EPOXY/COATING question
Date: Tue, 01 Feb 12:36:56 -0500
From: JUSTIN

JUSTIN wrote:

Thanks a bunch, I almost gathered that from your site but wanted a knowledgeable second opinion. Thank you again
for the timely response, quite possibly the fastest response to any question I have posed online! EVER! Bravo to
Frog Pond Hollow and the epoxy king Paul Oman. Thank you! I will buy these products and give it a go. 

I'd also like to say I appreciate the willingness to suggest a product even though it MIGHT not work. I can't tell
you how many times I've had to feed somebody I'm asking a question a perfect disclaimer, or had to word the question
just exactly right to get an answer that falls anywhere out of bounds of the official product offering. Probably
seemed like nothing but you just showed me that your company is smart, probably well managed, forward thinking,
on the ball, and willing to adapt in an instant to a customer request. I have no idea how big you are but I would
imagine you have a long growing and prosperous future before you.

thank you. Justin









Subject: RE: epoxy and leaks
		Date: Fri, 9 Jan 10:28:30 -0800
		From: "Terry" <terry@aaaaa.com>
		To: <p.oman@ix.netcom.com>

		Thanks Paul.

		I really like working with you. I think your firm is top notch with the
		technical consulting you do and the personalize nature of such.

		Terry
 
 




WET DRY 700 (tm) 
					- kevlar (tm) / feldspar/ceramic industrial grade epoxy 
					paste. Cures underwater or on dry surfaces. If you only kept one epoxy putty 
repair product on your boat, workshop, or tool box, this would be it. This 
off-white epoxy (turns yellow over time) can be applied underwater. It 
has saved sinking boats, leaking swimming pools, repaired rotting window sills, 
and bonded wood to wood, wood to cement walls etc.  Wall mud or cake icing 
					thick. Not be be confused with our thick light blue or white  
					Water Gard 300 epoxy paint which can also be applied 
					underwater (generally pool repairs or marine barrier coats) 
					or our thick, gray, kevlar (tm) reinforced epoxy underwater 
					paint, Corro Coat fc2100A.
					CLICK 
					HERE FOR MORE INFO on all three of these industrial 
					epoxies.
Jeff (1/2013)   
I cannot believe how incredible this Wet Dry 700 is. 
It's revolutionary. The original repair to my storm shelter would have lasted 
years if the shelter would just stop shifting around in the ground. DON'T STOP 
SELLING THIS STUFF.
 (10/2013)     Comments: Returning  
-  Underwater boat repair - 
My third or fourth order and am still quite pleased with the result. It has 
many uses above and below the water line.



Order any of 
					these  two 
					part EPOXY Products 
					NOW







 




NOTE: PRODUCTS THAT REQUIRE HAZMAT OR ORM-D SHIPPING (A LARGE PERCENTAGE
OF THEM) CANNOT BE SHIPPED BY AIR OR SHIPPED OUTSIDE THE CONTINENTAL USA (THE LOWER 48). Learn more.




ARE YOU A WWII VET OR KNOW SOMEONE WHO IS? Now Available: LETTERS FROM ENGLAND
- WWII letters from Private TR Oman to his Mother. Available in softback book. More Info/how to order (VISA MC
Discover PayPal) - CLICK
HERE
















											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 
#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches
#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches
#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											


											company video
 










NOTICE: Legal notices, Terms of Service, warranty information, disclaimers, health warnings,
			etc. are required reading before using web site, ordering and/or using Products. Any such use and/or ordering,
			online or by telephone, shall constitute acceptance and knowledge of all such terms.


Please note: Whenever you purchase from this web site,
			and with each new purchase, you are granting us full and complete permission to add you to our email newsletter
			list at our option.


CLICK HERE (www.epoxyproducts.com/legal.html) to access these terms.








 
"Best" Epoxy Product Winners
 

BEST FLOOR EPOXY -
CLICK 
HERE .

BEST EPOXY PUTTY -
CLICK HERE 
.

BEST MARINE EPOXY -
CLICK HERE 
.

BEST EPOXY PAINT -
CLICK HERE .

BEST POUR ON EPOXY (BAR TOP - TABLE TOP) -
CLICK HERE 
.
 


 

email us - 
CLICK
HERE  
Email us with your technical support, help questions, or project ideas  (or call 603 435 7199) - we have products for every problem or project! 





Add yourself to our 
email newsletter list. We send out a short newsletter about 4 - 8 times a year. 
It keeps us in touch with you and allows you to find us again when you have a 
new project pending. Send us a quick email asking to be put on the newsletter 
list - 


info@epoxyproducts.com





 

Two Part 
Epoxy Product Groups:
(EVERYTHING-EPOXY.INFO  ---  Intro to 
basic epoxy resin types )



epoxy boat building school -Basic No Blush marine epoxy is
this school's epoxy of choice


Order this
			EPOXY product NOW



 






















Most Popular & 
				Visited
pages at:

				Epoxyproducts.com
(see below)

Check Us Out!


CONTACT PAGE
 
storefronts, phone,
				
text, email links




bar top - 
				table top epoxy


HOMEPAGE


outdoor 
				pebble deck epoxy




marine 
				epoxies


epoxy 
				floor links page


marine 
				related links page


 
 
 




Also check out
				

these pages 
==>


"Epoxy Guru"
help and info


Internet Epoxy 
				Confederation
trusted epoxy sites



 
 



 
 



MARINE CATALOG

HOME/DIY/COMMERCIAL 
			CATALOG


 
 



Section One 
TWO PART MARINE EPOXIES- CLEAR EPOXIES

basic no blush 
			(tm)

Section A EPOXY PAINTS
corro coat FC 2100; NSP 120; water gard 300; coal
tar ; CM 15; crack coat™ 



Section Two FILLERS THICKENERS ADDITIVESfumed silica; microsphere/balloons; poly fibers; copper; graphite; Teflon (tm); wood flour; EZ thick; rock flour
 

Section B FLOOR EPOXIES (regular and non-skid products), SEALERS, ACCESSORIES
water bond (water based); solvent free industrial floor epoxy; bio
vee seal; water based floor epoxy, floor epoxy 
with grit; walnut shell; ground white rubber grit


Section Three THICKENED EPOXIES - EPOXY PUTTIES, ETC.wet/dry 700; splash zone; quick fix 2300, QR 2400 rubber epoxy


Section C 
THICKENED EPOXIES - EPOXY PUTTIES, ETC.

wet/dry 700; splash zone A-788, quick fix 2300; QR 2400 (tm) rubber epoxy



Section Four 
TWO PART EPOXY PAINTS (barrier coats)corro coat FC 2100; water gard 300; CM 15; EZ Spray; epoxy primer; crack coat™



Section D CLEAR TWO PART EPOXIES
low V epoxy; basic no blush; 
ESP 155; 
Bio-Clear 810



Section Five URETHANES AND NON-EPOXY COATINGS Aluthane (aluminum coating);
LPU Marine

Section E 
NON-EPOXY PAINTS SEALERS
Aluthane moisture cured urethane; Acrylic Poly UV Plus 
and other 2 part polys ; 
Capt.
Tolley's creeping crack sealer


Section Six NON-SKID DECK COATINGSwalnut shell; ground white rubber
 

Section F 
MIX-IN ADDITIVES
fumed silica; fiber fill; micro balloons/micro-spheres; graphite; Teflon (tm); copper
powder; wood flour; EZ thick, rock flour


Section Seven MARINE REPAIR PRODUCTSpipe wrap; fiberglass tape (cloth); Capt. Tolley's Creeping Crack Cure

 


Section Eight MISC. MARINE PRODUCTSshort nap rollers; TA 661 (solvent free epoxy clean-up); 1 inch foam brushes; 2 inch
bristle brushes; tongue depressors


HELP PAGE

 INDEX




One page 
			summary/prices - marine catalog


One page 
			summary/prices -DIY/HOME catalog




BUY 
			FROM PRIMARY STOREFRONT


BUY 
			FROM PRIMARY STOREFRONT




internet boat 
			links page


internet 
			floor links page

Internet DIY 
			repair links page




									Call (603-435-7199) or
									
									EMAIL with questions /phone orders etc. about what you're doing. We try 
									to earn your business one phone call at a 
									time!
 


 
 



 

Progressive Epoxy Polymers, Inc.

www.epoxyproducts.com

 




Help Page - 
			Catalog 
			Page Links



 









											Epoxy Only Web Google Search 

 








 
#1) Google
											
											Everything Epoxy Searches
#2) Google
											
											Marine Epoxies Searches
#3)Google 
											Floor Epoxy Searches
 



 View 
											our Progressive Epoxy Products, Inc.
											


											company video
 






 

####
Source - two part epoxy marine garage floor boat epoxy 
	resin
	Multi vendor source for internet epoxy resin paint floor epoxy garage 
	underwater marine epoxy boat resin systems - CHECK US OUT
 
 
 
\ 
 
 





























Home - Epoxy Technology Inc.









































If you are seeing this message your browser has JavaScript disabled. This website use JavaScript to present our content effectively. Show me how to enable.

  


 

















 













  









































About Us


Company InformationCompany HistoryMission StatementCertifications
Press Releases
Terms and Conditions
Packaging ServicesEpoxy Technology Europe Limited (ETEL)Industry RelatedMarketsRelated LinksMeet UsEvents 

ProductsBy CategoryElectricalGeneralOpticalThermalUVBy ApplicationElectronics AssemblyGeneral AssemblyHybrid AssemblyMedical AssemblyOptical AssemblySemiconductor AssemblySolar AssemblyEPO-TEK® ProductsView All ProductsView Featured ProductsTechnical InformationProduct LiteratureUV Hybrid AdhesiveSelector GuidePCB Epoxy ApplicationsSpecialty Medical AdhesivesLow Outgassing AdhesivesSpecialty UV Adhesives[more]Product InformationData SheetsMSDSVideo InstructionsTechnical AidsTechnical TipsTechnical Summaries & Technical PapersGlossary of TermsFrequently Asked Questions (FAQ)Contact UsFind Rep/DistributorContact UsOrderingVisiting Us



 



















EPO-TEK  Medical Adhesives
Epoxy Technology provides a wide variety of specialty epoxy adhesives for diverse medical applications.
more


 






EPO-TEK Adhesive Applications
Product recommendation tool for optimal adhesive selection based on various PCB applications.
more


 






UV/Epoxy Hybrid Adhesives
A New Level of Superior Adhesive Performance from EPO-TEK® UV Hybrid Epoxies
more


 






Low Outgassing Adhesives
Adhesives meeting: NASA ASTM E595, MIL-STD 883/5011 and Telcordia GR-1221 guidelines.
more


 






Halogen Free Epoxies
Complete line of Halogen Free* Products for environmentally sensitive manufacturing needs.
more


 






EPO-TEK  Specialty UV Adhesives
Now Available --- Specialty UV's in both Epoxy or Acrylate-based systems.
more


 






EPO-TEK  Tech Tips
A series of knowledge-sharing tips and advice from our Technical Application Experts.
more


 






EPO-TEK Video Tutorials
Now available – Training videos for the proper handling and useage of epoxies & UV adhesives.
more


 











 
















EPO-TEK® Specialty Adhesives

Epoxy Technology, Inc., founded in 1966, is a pioneer in the development and manufacture of Specialty Epoxy, UV & UV Hybrid adhesives to meet key performance standards needed in high-tech applications.

	EPO-TEK products are routinely specified for critical design requirements in advanced technology industries world-wide; now celebrating our 51st year. Epoxy Technology is very proud of our extensive quality programs, including ISO 9001:2008 and MIL-STD 883/5011 certifications, as well as RoHS Compliance and Sony Green Partnerships.

	As leaders in the industry, now celebrating a significant milestone, our commitment to superior product quality, exceptional customer service and outstanding technical assistance continues to be the basis of our success.

EPO-TEK® produces a full range of high performance adhesives and coatings for numerous markets including:






						Semiconductor

						Optoelectronic





						Medical

						Automotive





						Fiber Optics

						Photovoltaic





						Military/Aerospace

						Electronics Assembly






“To avoid any potential counterfeit material , purchase authentic EPO-TEK material internationally only through our authorized Distributor Network” Find a Rep
	为了避免您购买并使用冒名或山寨产品，请只采购通过我们授权经销商的EPO-TEK产品。
有关我们授权的中国经销商，请点击这里









	For additional product selection assistance,
tell us about your application and its specific design criteria and a 
	technical service representative will contact you directly.
	





















 

Spotlight



	Jewelry and Watch Applications

Read More

	Epoxies are well suited for many demanding applications, such as jewelry and watches.  The high-performing mechanical and physical strength properties of epoxies make them the ideal choice for an adhesive.


		 



Featured Products



 EPO-TEK®  HYB-353NDApplications:  Fiber Optic, Non-Conductive, Optical Materials, Opto-Packaging, Packaging Materials,Conductivity:  None, Cure: Oven, UV Light,Potlife:  medViscosity:  medThixo:  N/AMarket:  Electronics Assembly, Optical,Tg:  med MSDS:  


MSDS

 Data Sheet:  


Data Sheet


Notes:    read more   EPO-TEK®  HYB-353ND-HVApplications:  Fiber Optic, Non-Conductive, Optical Materials, Opto-Packaging, Packaging Materials,Conductivity:  None, Cure: Oven, UV Light,Potlife:  medViscosity:  highThixo:  N/AMarket:  Electronics Assembly, Optical,Tg:  med MSDS:  


MSDS

 Data Sheet:  


Data Sheet


Notes:    read more   EPO-TEK®  HYB-353ND-LVApplications:  Fiber Optic, Non-Conductive, Optical Materials, Opto-Packaging, Packaging Materials,Conductivity:  None, Cure: Oven, UV Light,Potlife:  longViscosity:  lowThixo:  N/AMarket:  Electronics Assembly, Optical,Tg:  med MSDS:  


MSDS

 Data Sheet:  


Data Sheet


Notes:    read more   EPO-TEK®  HYB-353ND-TX2Applications:  Fiber Optic, Non-Conductive, Optical Materials, Opto-Packaging, Packaging Materials,Conductivity:  None, Cure: Oven, UV Light,Potlife:  daysViscosity:  highThixo:  medMarket:  Electronics Assembly, Optical,Tg:  med MSDS:  


MSDS

 Data Sheet:  


Data Sheet


Notes:    read more   EPO-TEK®  HYB-353ND-TX3Applications:  Fiber Optic, Non-Conductive, Optical Materials, Opto-Packaging, Packaging Materials,Conductivity:  None, Cure: Oven, UV Light,Potlife:  daysViscosity:  highThixo:  medMarket:  Electronics Assembly, Optical,Tg:  med MSDS:  


MSDS

 Data Sheet:  


Data Sheet


Notes:    read more  

Press Releases

			Epoxy Technology Inc. Announces a New U.S. Authorized Representative – The IPS Group		

	(Billerica, MA) – July 6, 2017- Epoxy Technology Inc., a leading manufacturer of high performance specialty epoxy, UV & Hybrid adhesives for over 50 years, introduces a new, authorized sales representative company: The IPS Group, covering Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma and Texas
Read more...

			Epoxy Technology Inc. Announces New Literature for Jewelry and Watch Markets		

	(Billerica, MA) – June 28, 2017- Epoxy Technology Inc., a leading manufacturer of high performance specialty epoxy, UV & Hybrid adhesives for over 50 years, introduces new literature to showcase the features and benefits of using EPO-TEK® adhesives in Jewelry and Watch applications.

	 
Read more...

			Epoxy Technology Inc. Announces 50 Years of Adhesive Excellence		

	(Billerica, MA) – February 17, 2016- Epoxy Technology Inc, a leading manufacturer of high performance specialty epoxy, UV & Hybrid adhesives is celebrating 50 years of adhesive innovation and excellence.  Since 1966, EPO-TEK® products have been synonymous with high performance and reliability.  EPO-TEK adhesives are routinely specified by design engineers world-wide for critical assembly project in a multitude of industries.
Read more...

			Epoxy Technology Inc. Announces Extensive Line of Specialty Hybrid Adhesives		

	(Billerica, MA) – January 6, 2016- Epoxy Technology Inc, a leading manufacturer of high performance specialty epoxy, UV & Hybrid adhesives for 50 years, is pleased to announce our new line of UV Hybrid adhesives. Developed over several years of research along with advances in the industry, this specialty UV Hybrid line allows engineers to reach new levels of production/process improvement, as well as affording greater design flexibility.

	 
Read more...

			Epoxy Technology Inc. Announces Further Extension of their ISO 10993 Biocompatible Adhesive Line, adding EPO-TEK® 353ND-T, OG198-54 and 301 to their Comprehensive Offering		

	(Billerica, MA) – April 8, 2015- Epoxy Technology Inc, a leading manufacturer of high performance specialty epoxy, UV & Hybrid adhesives for 49 years, is pleased to announce the successful completion of ISO 10993 testing on three additional products. This now brings the total number of biocompatible products to 20, with 9 adhesives having passed the even more stringent testing of ISO 10993.

	 
Read more...

EPO-TEK Blog Posts

 




			Let's Talk Epoxy With EPO-TEK®
		
			



					Are You Properly Curing UV Adhesives?

 By Mark BusaSales & MarketingEpoxy Technology, Inc.UV curing adhesives offer a convenient way to quickly cure an adhesive in specific applications.  In order to receive the full benefits of UV curing products, it is very important to cure these materials properly.  Below are some important questions to take into consideration...




					Effects of Relative Humidity and Temperature on Room Temperature Curing ECAs

  By Mavyn HolmanR&D ManagerEpoxy Technology, Inc.Fall has arrived in New England and winter will be here before we know it.  Unfortunately, that means cold temperatures, snow and more importantly for our adhesives - low humidity.  Did you know that maintaining proper humidity levels in your manufacturing environment can play...




					Insights on How to Work Best with Epoxies from EPO-TEK® Quality Control Department

  By Dawna Bellerose, Quality Control SupervisorUpon receipt of your specialty EPO-TEK adhesive, it’s important to perform an incoming inspection of the product.  This ensures your product was received in good condition.  For optimal results, here are some important insights for receiving and using our products:1.     Make sure the product...




RSS Feed


Video Tutorials



		Effective handling and mixing of EPO-TEK BI packs        





		Proper Receiving and Thawing        





		How to properly mix EPO-TEK epoxies        






 







FAQs


Frequently Asked Questions





Technical Service

Customer Service



 Sales & Marketing

Quality Control




	 





USA Tradeshows


USA Tradeshows














Request A Meeting


View All Events












					Date
				

					Event
				

					Booth				
 Location
									






							2018						




										02-06			 to 
						02-08					

MD&M West


						725					

						Anaheim, CA						


 




										03-13			 to 
						03-15					

OFC 2018


						2406					

						San Diego, CA						


 




										05-01			 to 
						05-01					

iMAPS New England


						Tabletop					

						Boxborough, MA						


 




										06-12			 to 
						06-14					

International  Microwave Symposium


						2132					

						Philadelphia, PA						


 




										07-10			 to 
						07-12					

Semicon West


						5969					

						San Francisco, CA						


 









Display Num
5
10
15
20
25
30
50
100
All




 

 


Request A Meeting


View All Events










GLOBAL Tradeshows


International Tradeshows






























































Request A Meeting


View All Events












					Date
				

					Event
				

					Booth				
 Location
									






						2017					




					07-28				 to 
						07-29					

CSECE


						2					

						Cebu City						-
						Philippines


 




					09-06				 to 
						09-09					

China International Optoelectronic Expo (CIOE)




						Shenzhen						-
						China


 




					09-13				 to 
						09-15					

Nepcon Vietnam


						G2					

						Hanoi						-
						Vietnam


 




					09-20				 to 
						09-22					

Medtec China


						K408					

						Shanghai						-
						China


 




					09-20				 to 
						09-22					

Display International-Touch Taiwan 2017


						TBA					

						Taipei City 						-
						Taiwan


 




					10-09				 to 
						10-12					

Bondexpo




						Stuttgart						-
						Germany


 




					11-03				 to 
						11-05					

Optics Valley of China International OptoElectronic Exposition and Forum (OVC)




						Wuhan, China						-
						China


 




					11-14				 to 
						11-17					

SEMICON Europa


						B1/1823					

						Munich						-
						Germany


 




					11-14				 to 
						11-17					

Productronica 


						A4/n.a.					

						Munich						-
						Germany


 




					12-6				 to 
						12-8					

International Printed Circuit & APEX South China Fair




						Shenzen						-
						China


 









Display Num
5
10
15
20
25
30
50
100
All




 





Request A Meeting


View All Events
















 





HomeProductsBrochuresData SheetsContact UsFind a Rep.*




For Employees Only • Employee eMail










					Copyright ® 2015 Epoxy Technology, Inc. All Rights Reserved.



Terms & Conditions





	 

 








	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































