


David R Epstein - New York, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found David R Epstein in New York, NY


David R Epstein

                                                                           Intelius found that David R Epstein  is  a male between 30 and 40 years old from New York, NY.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

David R Epstein is in his 30s

David Has Lived In

New York, NY
Huntington, NY
Melville, NY

David's Relatives

Donald Epstein
Sheri Epstein
Dani Epstein







David R Epstein



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about David? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about David, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on David R Epstein
Get a Criminal Check on David R Epstein
Get a Public Record Report on David R Epstein
Get a People Search Report on David R Epstein


David R Epstein's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where David R Epstein has lived as well as David R Epstein's phone numbers and email addresses.




David R Epstein Has Lived in 1 States
New York Address for David R Epstein


400 E 2*** S* 

New York, NY


Has Lived In

New York, NY
Huntington, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with David R Epstein

(646) ***-**** - New York, NY 
(516) ***-**** - New York, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with David R Epstein

t**********t@***.com
t*******y@***.com
t*********t@***.com


Get Email Report




David R Epstein's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about David R Epstein's academic history.  Find out which schools David R Epstein attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees David R Epstein received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David R Epstein Has Attended 1 School
Plainview-Old Bethpage John F. Kennedy High School 1994 – 1998                              


David R Epstein's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for David R Epstein


David R Epstein's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of David R Epstein's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
David Epstein
Username Matches

                  DavidEpstein
                  EpsteinDavid
                  David.Epstein
                  Epstein.David
                  David_Epstein
                  Epstein_David
                  David-Epstein
                  Epstein-David
                  DEpstein
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Epstein







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.
































 



 Flagship Pioneering Appoints David Epstein Executive Partner 
         










    










 













 











 



















Flagship Pioneering Appoints David Epstein Executive Partner
        																																						
              

          Industry Leader Bolsters Flagship's Team to Catalyze First-in-Kind Life Science Ventures
        











 News provided by
Flagship Pioneering  
Jan 04, 2017, 09:17 ET









 Share this article




























































CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Jan. 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Flagship Pioneering today announced the appointment of industry veteran David Epstein to serve in the newly created role of Executive Partner.  Epstein will join as a strategic resource to the firm that systematically conceives, creates, resources and grows first-in-category ventures to transform human health and sustainability. The appointment follows Flagship's recent additions of industry leaders Dr. Michael Rosenblatt (formerly of Merck) as Chief Medical Officer and Jim Gilbert (formerly of Boston Scientific and Bain) as Senior Partner, and supports the firm's goal of driving accelerated value growth within its portfolio companies. 








"David is a leader and long-time pioneer within the pharma industry, having developed dozens of new medicines benefiting millions of patients around the world," said Noubar Afeyan, Ph.D., founder and CEO of Flagship. "His progressive approach to science and business acumen gleaned over his tenured career in the pharmaceutical industry complements Flagship's culture and team. We will apply his expertise broadly as we continue making and realizing the maximum potential of disruptive innovations that yield unprecedented therapies."
Mr. Epstein's first significant involvement within the Flagship portfolio will be as Chairman of the Board of Rubius Therapeutics, a venture founded and launched by the Flagship VentureLabs® innovation foundry to exploit the potential medical impact of endowing red blood cells with therapeutic properties. The company's disruptive platform provides off-the-shelf, enucleated cell-based therapies that promise to treat a wide array of ailments including cancer and autoimmune, metabolic, and hematologic diseases.
"Flagship Pioneering is breaking boundaries and exploring new frontiers that, I believe, could dramatically improve the quality of human life," said Epstein. "Joining Flagship's disruptive innovation engine is an opportunity of a lifetime, and I welcome the opportunity to bring my passion for medicine, deep knowledge and ties to industry, and commitment to solving some of the world's greatest health challenges to bear. In particular, I am tremendously excited by the promise of Rubius' Red-Cell Therapeutics™ platform, as it portends the broad impact of off-the-shelf, precision cell therapies." 
About David Epstein David R. Epstein is Executive Partner at Flagship Pioneering and Chairman of Flagship-founded Rubius Therapeutics.  Most recently he served as Chief Executive Officer of Novartis Pharmaceuticals a Division of Novartis AG from 2010 to mid-2016. Previously, Mr. Epstein started up and led Novartis' Oncology and Molecular Diagnostic units. Under his leadership, the Oncology business grew to number two in the world. He has more than 25 years of extensive drug development, deal making, commercialization and people leadership experience on a global scale. Over the course of his career he led the development and commercialization of over 30 new molecular entities, including major breakthroughs such as Glivec, Tasigna, Gilenya, Cosentyx and Entresto. Early in his career, Mr. Epstein was an Associate in the Strategy Practice of consulting firm Booz, Allen and Hamilton. 
He has been an Independent Director of International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. since January 1, 2016. David was recently named by Fierce Biotech to be among "The 25 most influential in biopharma."
Mr. Epstein holds a B.S. Degree in Pharmacy with high honors from Rutgers University College of Pharmacy (1984) and an M.B.A. in Finance and Marketing from the Columbia University Graduate School of Business (1987). 
About Flagship PioneeringFlagship Pioneering conceives, creates, resources and develops first-in-category life sciences companies. Its institutional innovation foundry, Flagship VentureLabs®, is where Flagship's team of scientific entrepreneurs systematically evolve enterprising ideas into new fields, or previously undiscovered areas of science into real-world inventions and ventures. Since its launch in 2000, the firm has applied its hypothesis-driven innovation process to originate and foster nearly 75 scientific ventures, resulting in $19 billion in aggregate value, 500+ issued patents and more than 50 clinical trials for novel therapeutic agents. Since inception, Flagship has capitalized its growing portfolio with nearly $1 billion coming from the $1.75 billion of aggregate investor capital committed across five funds.  The firm's current portfolio includes pioneering ventures that are transforming human health and sustainability, including: Agios Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:   AGIO), Seres Therapeutics (NASDAQ:   MCRB), Editas Medicine (NASDAQ:   EDIT) and Syros Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:   SYRS), as well as private companies including Moderna Therapeutics, Indigo Agriculture and Axcella Health. Flagship has ongoing corporate innovation alliances with several market leaders, including: AstraZeneca, Bayer Crop Science and Nestlé Health Science.  To learn more about Flagship Pioneering, please visit our new website www.FlagshipPioneering.com.  
CONTACT: Allison Gracey, Edelman+1 (202) 326-1762Allison.Gracey@edelman.com 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/flagship-pioneering-appoints-david-epstein-executive-partner-300385452.html
SOURCE Flagship Pioneering
 Related Links

http://www.FlagshipPioneering.com



 

















Jun 14, 2017, 07:00 ET
Preview: J.P. Morgan Vice Chairman Stephen Berenson Joins Flagship Pioneering








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jun 21, 2017, 07:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Flagship Pioneering Launches Sigilon Therapeutics to Advance...








 











Jun 14, 2017, 07:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              J.P. Morgan Vice Chairman Stephen Berenson Joins Flagship...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Pharmaceuticals
  Pharmaceuticals
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Flagship Pioneering Appoints David Epstein Executive Partner


 News provided by
Flagship Pioneering  
Jan 04, 2017, 09:17 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Epstein David H and Mutual Engineering                                                                                   - Providence                                        , RI         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



RI



Providence



Plumbing, Heating, Air-Conditioning



Plumbing, Heating, Air-conditioning



                            Epstein David H and Mutual Engineering
                                    



 





















E 


Epstein David H and Mutual Engineering                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



304 LOCKWOOD ST PROVIDENCE, RI 02907
Get Directions



(401) 351-3900
 





Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $143,914.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Plumbing, Heating, Air-conditioning
 Contacts David H Epstein                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2001, Epstein David H And Mutual Engineering                                                                                   has been providing Plumbing, Heating, Air-conditioning from Providence. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







E

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.























David R. Epstein - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















David R. Epstein
Board Member at International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you David R. Epstein? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view David R. Epstein's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in David R. Epstein's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in David R. Epstein's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with David R. Epstein through your network of contacts.
												








David R. Epstein's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.


Past
To view David R. Epstein's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
55

 
 


David R. Epstein's Biography



Mr. Epstein is an Executive Partner at Flagship Pioneering, a venture capital firm focused on life sciences companies. Previously, Mr. Epstein served as Division Head and CEO of Novartis Pharmaceuticals, a division of Novartis AG, a Swiss multinational pharmaceutical company, from January 2010 until July 2016. In addition, Mr. Epstein was a member of Novartis's Executive Committee. From September 2000 to February 2010, Mr. Epstein served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Novartis Oncology division. He joined Sandoz, the predecessor of Novartis, in 1989 and held various leadership positions of increasing responsibility, including Chi ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Epstein is an Executive Partner at Flagship Pioneering, a venture capital firm focused on life sciences companies. Previously, Mr. Epstein served as Division Head and CEO of Novartis Pharmaceuticals, a division of Novartis AG, a Swiss multinational pharmaceutical company, from January 2010 until July 2016. In addition, Mr. Epstein was a member of Novartis's Executive Committee. From September 2000 to February 2010, Mr. Epstein served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Novartis Oncology division. He joined Sandoz, the predecessor of Novartis, in 1989 and held various leadership positions of increasing responsibility, including Chief Operating Officer of Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation in the United States and Global Head of Novartis Specialty Medicines until August 2000. Before joining Sandoz, Mr. Epstein was an associate in the strategy practice of Booz Allen Hamilton, a consulting firm.     
Additional Accomplishments and Memberships
 
.  Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Rubius Therapeutics, a Flagship company focused on the development of red blood cell therapeutics
.  Board of Evelo Biosciences, a leading immuno-microbiome company
.  Board of Novartis Oncology and Molecular Diagnostics from 1999 to 2010
.   Novartis Representative on the CEO Roundtable on Cancer, a non-profit organization working to make continual progress toward the elimination of cancer from 2001 to 2008
.   Named by FierceBiotech to be among "The 25 most influential in Biopharma"
 
Qualifications
 
Mr. Epstein's extensive global business experience, deep understanding of life sciences and understanding of research and development initiatives provides valuable insights to our Board. We benefit from Mr. Epstein's senior leadership experience and achievement in both business and the life sciences.
		
Source: International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. on 03/20/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view David R. Epstein's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like David R. Epstein. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in David R. Epstein's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in David R. Epstein's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with David R. Epstein through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: David R. Epstein


















David R. Epstein's Connections (75)





Sign up now to view David R. Epstein's 75 connections »









David M. Stack
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Scott Gottlieb
Former Board Member, CombiMatrix Corporation









Roger W. Ferguson
Board Member, International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.









Daniel L. Vasella
Board Member, Pepsico, Inc.









Srikant M. Datar
Board Member, Novartis AG









Marjorie M. Yang
Former Board Member, Novartis AG









Linda B. Buck
Former Board Member, International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.









Mark C. Fishman
Former President, Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Novartis AG









Andreas Fibig
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.









Joseph Jimenez
Board Member, General Motors Company








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


































 



 MetaStat Appoints David Epstein, Ph.D. as Advisor to Lead Drug Discovery 
         










    










 






 











 









MetaStat Appoints David Epstein, Ph.D. as Advisor to Lead Drug Discovery

Apr 15, 2013, 09:04 ET
		  		  					
						 from   MetaStat, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


MONTCLAIR, N.J., April 15, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- MetaStat, Inc. (OTCBB: MTST), a life science company focused on understanding and treating systemic metastasis, announced today the appointment of David Epstein, Ph.D. as Advisor for MetaStat's Drug Discovery & Development efforts. In addition, MetaStat intends to appoint Dr. Epstein to MetaStat's board of directors as soon as practicable.
Dr. Epstein brings tremendous expertise to MetaStat at a pivotal time in the company's evolution. His R & D career spans more than 15 years and he has held leadership positions in both the pharmaceutical and biotech industries. Most recently he was Senior Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer for OSI Pharmaceuticals, now a wholly owned subsidiary of Astellas where he had strategic and operational responsibility for small molecule drug discovery and translational research encompassing OSI's portfolio of oncology R & D programs.  Prior to OSI, Dr. Epstein was a co-founder and Director of Archemix Corp, an aptamer therapeutics-focused discovery and development company.  His operational and strategic efforts at Archemix facilitated the clinical development of several therapeutic aptamers currently under evaluation for the treatment of various retinal diseases.  
"In filling this critical role, we looked for someone with experience both within and beyond the pharmaceutical/biotech industry to bring the leadership and knowledge necessary to advance our therapeutic portfolio. We found that person in David Epstein. I am confident that he will make outstanding contributions to our research and development efforts," said Dr. Oscar Bronsther, Chief Executive Officer of MetaStat.
"I am honored and excited to join MetaStat at such a defining moment in their history. I believe that my background, especially my experience in cancer drug discovery research, will help MetaStat to achieve its vision and I am looking forward to working with the highly talented team to build a robust R & D portfolio," said Dr. Epstein. 
About MetaStat, Inc.
MetaStat's proprietary platform technologies are the result of over 15 years of collaboration involving four scientific/academic institutions, which enabled us to characterize the behavior, mechanics and genetics of metastatic cancer cells.
Our MetaSite Breast™ and MenaCalc™ diagnostic product lines are designed to accurately predict the probability of cancer metastasizing. They are intended to allow clinicians to better "customize" cancer treatment decisions by positively identifying and differentiating high-risk patients who need aggressive therapy and by sparing low-risk patients from the harmful side effects and expense of chemotherapy and radiation therapies. Furthermore, we believe our MenaCalc™ diagnostic platform may be applicable in up to 80% of all solid epithelial cancers, including breast, prostate, lung and colorectal, which account for over 50% of all new cancer cases in the U.S. each year. As such, we believe our diagnostic products represent a significant breakthrough for cancer patients and their doctors because 90% of all solid tumor cancer deaths are due from metastasis.
Additionally, we believe our MenaBloc™ therapeutic technology will target and interrupt key pathways essential for the development of systemic metastasis in multiple epithelial derived tumors.
Forward-Looking Statements:
This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future circumstances, events or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors and other risks, including those set forth in the Company's Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements included herein, and not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements in this release are made as of the date hereof and the Company undertakes no obligation to update such statements.
Contact:For More Information:Warren C. LauFounder & PresidentMetaStat, Inc.Warren@metastat.com
 
 SOURCE  MetaStat, Inc.  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Apr 23, 2013, 08:00 ET
Preview: Crystal Research Associates, LLC Issues Quarterly Update on MetaStat, Inc.













Feb 26, 2013, 11:52 ET
Preview: MetaStat announces DTC Eligibility






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































