

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



























Federal Cases - Case Law
    



















































United States

Intelligent legal information





SEARCH










     




 ENTER








Keep me logged  in this device


FORGOT PASSWORD
SIGN IN




SIGN IN NOW WITH AN ACCOUNT










+1-888-223-0621





WHY vLex
PRODUCTS
CONTENTS
ABOUT US
SUPPORT



















vLex United States contents





Case Law




 




Tweet

Federal Cases









SEARCH







Index

Supreme Court Reporter
Federal Cases
Federal Reporter
Federal Reporter, second series
Federal Reporter, third series
Federal Supplement
Federal Supplement, second series
Federal Supplement, third series
Federal Rules Decisions
Bankruptcy Reporter
Federal Appendix





































CONCORD ASSOC., L.P. v. E | 817 F.3d 46 (2016) | Leagle.com












































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
F.3d
817 F.3d
817 F.3d 46 (2016)



					 
				




								CONCORD ASSOC., L.P. v. ENTERTAINMENT PROPS. TRUST
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									Docket No. 13-3933-cv.
								




View Case
Cited Cases
Citing Case 




817 F.3d 46 (2016)


CONCORD ASSOCIATES, L.P., Concord Raceway Corporation, Concord Kiamesha Casino, LLC, Concord Kiamesha Capital Corp., Concord Resort, LLC, Concord Kiamesha, LLC, Concord Kiamesha Hotel, LLC, Plaintiffs-Appellants,
v.
ENTERTAINMENT PROPERTIES TRUST, EPT Concord, LLC, EPT Concord II, LLC, Empire Resorts, Inc., Monticello Raceway Management, Inc., Genting New York LLC, John Does 1-5, Kien Huat Realty III Limited, Defendants-Appellees.


United States Court of Appeals, Second Circuit.
Argued: April 29, 2015.
Decided: March 18, 2016.








Attorney(s) appearing for the Case
  Scott A. Martin , ( James I. Serota  &  Carmen Beauchamp Ciparick , on the brief), Greenberg Traurig, LLP, New York, New York, and  Alfred E. Donnellan , DelBello Donnellan Weingarten Wise & Wiederkehr, L.L.P., White Plains, NY, for Plaintiffs-Appellants Concord Associates, L.P., Concord Raceway Corporation, Concord Kiamesha Casino, LLC, Concord Kiamesha Capital Corp., Concord Resort, LLC, Concord Kiamesha, LLC and Concord Kiamesha Hotel, LLC.
 Moses Silverman  ( Joshua D. Kaye ,  Jason L. Meizlish , &  Elana R. Beale , on the brief), Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, New York, New York, for Defendants-Appellees Empire Resorts, Inc. and Monticello Raceway Management, Inc.
 Y. David Scharf , ( Kristin T. Roy , &  Gayle Pollack , on the brief) Morrison Cohen LLP, New York, New York, for Defendant-Appellee Entertainment Properties Trust, EPT Concord, LLC, and EPT Concord II, LLC.
 Howard Zelbo  ( Leah Brannon , on the brief), Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP, New York, NY, for Defendants-Appellees Kien Huat Realty III Limited and Genting New York LLC.
Before: JACOBS, POOLER, and HALL, Circuit Judges.




HALL, Circuit Judge.
Plaintiffs-Appellants are seven entities who are collectively attempting to develop a casino-resort complex in the Catskills region of New York State. Defendants-Appellees are three groups of investors and business owners with an interest in the casino industry and horse racing in the Catskills who, the plaintiffs claim, entered into an anti-competitive scheme to obstruct the plaintiffs' resort development project. Underlying this antitrust dispute is a threshold question that is ultimately dispositive of this appeal: For the purposes of an antitrust claim, whether the plaintiffs have alleged a plausible relevant geographic market for their casino-related products and services.
Facts and Procedural History
The facts of this case, which we view in the light most favorable to the plaintiffs, are set out in the district court's Order and Opinion in detail and are briefly summarized as follows. The plaintiffs, including Concord Associates, L.P. ("Concord Associates"), Concord Raceway Corporation, Concord Kiamesha Capital Corporation, Concord Resort, LLC ("Concord Resort"), Concord Kiamesha, LLC, and Concord Kiamesha Hotel, LLC, are collectively attempting to develop a casino gambling resort and race track known as the New Concord Casino Resort at the site of the former Concord Resort Hotel, located in the Catskills Mountains in Thompson, New York. The defendants, including Entertainment Properties Trust, EPT Concord, LLC, and EPT Concord II, LLC (collectively, "EPT"); Empire Resorts, Inc. and Monticello Raceway Management, Inc. (collectively "Empire"); Kien Huat Realty III Limited ("Kien Huat Realty"); Genting New York LLC and John Doe entities 1-5 (collectively "Genting" or "Genting defendants"), are  real estate developers and casino and gambling facility operators.
The plaintiffs intend to develop racing and casino gambling facilities, known as "racinos," on two adjoining properties, including 140 acres at the site of the Concord Resort Hotel, which was once a world-famous vacation destination for visitors to the Catskills Mountains until its closing and bankruptcy in 1998, and also 1,500 acres of adjacent land containing golf courses, residential properties, and vacant land. In 1999, plaintiff Concord Associates purchased these land parcels from the Concord Resort Hotel bankruptcy estate. In furtherance of their development efforts, the plaintiffs have conducted an environmental review, obtained necessary preliminary licensing approvals and development permits, and performed substantial work at the construction site.
In June 2010, as part of a legal settlement intended to resolve several lawsuits between defendant EPT and plaintiff Concord Associates, the plaintiffs transferred the 1,500 acre parcel to defendant EPT Concord II. Under the settlement, the plaintiffs retained the right for exclusive use and exploitation of the property, including the right to develop the proposed resort. Accordingly, Concord Associates entered into an agreement with EPT Concord II that specifically reserved the right for the plaintiffs to lease a tract for a "racino" on the property along with additional easements, leases, and other rights related to development of the property. In addition, the terms included a restrictive covenant pursuant to which EPT Concord II agreed that its successors or assignees would not own or operate any competing casino, racino, racing or gaming facility on the property.
In addition to entering the agreement with EPT Concord II, the plaintiffs entered into a contractual relationship with Empire to further the development of their resort. Since 1993, Empire had owned and operated the Monticello Raceway, located approximately four miles from the plaintiffs' proposed resort. In 2004, the Monticello Raceway began offering casino gaming, and since that time it has been the only race track or casino in the Catskills. The closest racinos are eighty miles away in Pennsylvania, and 100 miles away in Yonkers. Monticello Raceway also claims that it "does not compete directly with other harness racing tracks in New York State for live racing patrons." Am. Compl. ¶ 131. Thus, according to the plaintiffs, Empire's position as the sole operator of casino gaming in the Catskills makes it "the only game in town" for local consumers and tourists. Am. Compl. ¶ 133.
Empire was initially supportive of the plaintiffs' proposed resort, and in March 2009 it entered into an agreement with Concord Associates to provide management services at the plaintiffs' proposed Raceway. But in November 2009, defendant Kien Huat Realty—which, together with other Genting defendants makes up one of the world's largest gaming conglomerates—acquired a majority interest in Empire. According to plaintiffs, Kien Huat Realty has since worked to undermine plaintiffs' resort project. Shortly after November 2009, Empire ceased cooperating with the plaintiffs and opened a rival "racino" in collaboration with Genting at the site of the Aqueduct Race Track, approximately 100 miles from the site of the plaintiffs' proposed Resort. In addition, in April 2011 EPT and  Empire entered into an exclusive agreement to develop their own "racino" project adjacent to the plaintiffs' proposed resort and repudiated the lease and restrictive covenants promised to Concord Associates. The plaintiffs claim that Genting, EPT and Empire are all members of an anti-competitive scheme to undermine the plaintiffs' resort development project.
After bringing actions for breach of contract in the New York state court without success,1 the plaintiffs commenced this federal antitrust action on March 7, 2012. In response to the defendants' motions to dismiss, the plaintiffs filed a First Amended Complaint (the "Amended Complaint") that purported to define the relevant geographic market for the products the plaintiffs' resort would have to offer. As pleaded, that relevant market includes the area within a radius of approximately 100 miles from the Town of Thompson, with a total population of more than 18-20 million people, of whom almost ninety percent reside in the New York City metropolitan area ("NY Metro area"). In response to the Amended Complaint, the defendants moved to dismiss it on the basis that the plaintiffs had not defined a plausible geographic market. Ultimately, the district court granted the motions to dismiss as to all defendants without considering the additional materials the plaintiffs submitted or a proposed Second Amended Complaint.2 See Concord Assocs., L.P. v. Entm't Props. Tr., et al., No. 12-1667, 2014 WL 1396524, at *27 (S.D.N.Y. Apr. 9, 2014). Further, the court dismissed the plaintiffs' state law claims, declining to exercise supplemental jurisdiction under 28 U.S.C. § 1367(c)(3).3 Id. The plaintiffs filed a motion for reconsideration, which the district court denied, reasoning that it could not consider materials not presented as part of the Amended Complaint and that, in any event, the plaintiffs' additional arguments failed to rectify their fatally flawed market definitions. See Concord Assocs., L.P. v. Entm't Props. Tr., No. 12-1667, 2014 WL 5643240, at *6-7 (S.D.N.Y. Nov. 3, 2014).
On appeal, the plaintiffs contend that the district court erred in deciding that the Amended Complaint failed to allege a plausible relevant geographic market and that the factual allegations were insufficient to connect certain of the defendants to the alleged conspiracy. The plaintiffs also claim the district court erred in denying them leave to amend the Amended Complaint. Because we agree with the district court that the plaintiffs' proposed market  definition is inherently implausible, we find that the plaintiffs failed to allege adequate facts to state a violation of the Sherman Act. Therefore, we affirm the judgment of the district court dismissing the complaint.
Analysis
This court "review[s] de novo a district court's dismissal of a complaint pursuant to Rule 12(b)(6), construing the complaint liberally, accepting all factual allegations in the complaint as true, and drawing all reasonable inferences in the plaintiff's favor." Chambers v. Time Warner Inc., 282 F.3d 147, 152 (2d Cir.2002).
"To survive a motion to dismiss, a complaint must contain sufficient factual matter, accepted as true, to `state a claim to relief that is plausible on its face.'" Ashcroft v. Iqbal, 556 U.S. 662, 678, 129 S.Ct. 1937, 173 L.Ed.2d 868 (2009) (quoting Bell Atl. Corp. v. Twombly, 550 U.S. 544, 570, 127 S.Ct. 1955, 167 L.Ed.2d 929 (2007)). A claim is facially plausible "when the plaintiff pleads factual content that allows the court to draw the reasonable inference that the defendant is liable for the misconduct alleged," meaning that there is "more than a sheer possibility that a defendant acted unlawfully." Id. (citing Twombly, 550 U.S. at 556-57, 127 S.Ct. 1955). At the same time, there is no heightened pleading standard in antitrust cases, and the facts alleged are subject to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 8(a)'s general requirement of a "short plain statement" of facts supporting a plausible claim. Todd v. Exxon Corp., 275 F.3d 191, 198 (2d Cir.2001).
The plaintiffs brought claims under Sections One and Two of the Sherman Act. Section One of the Sherman Act declares illegal "[e]very contract, combination . . ., or conspiracy, in restraint of trade or commerce. . . ." 15 U.S.C. § 1. Section Two of the Sherman Act makes it illegal "to monopolize, or attempt to monopolize, or combine or conspire . . . to monopolize . . . trade or commerce. . . ." 15 U.S.C. § 2. Section Four of the Clayton Act provides a private right of action, with a recovery of treble damages, to "any person who [has been] injured in his business or property by reason of anything forbidden in the antitrust laws. . . ." 15 U.S.C. § 15(a).
To survive a motion to dismiss, a Sherman Act claim must "(1) define the relevant geographic market, (2) allege an antitrust injury, and (3) allege conduct in violation of antitrust laws." New York Medscan LLC v. N.Y. Univ. Sch. of Med., 430 F.Supp.2d 140, 145 (S.D.N.Y.2006). In such actions, the relevant market is the "`area of effective competition' within which the defendant operates." AD/SAT, Div. of Skylight, Inc. v. Assoc. Press, 181 F.3d 216, 227 (2d Cir.1999) (quoting Tampa Electric Co. v. Nashville Coal Co., 365 U.S. 320, 327-28, 81 S.Ct. 623, 5 L.Ed.2d 580 (1961)). That is, a market consists of an area where sellers, "if unified by a hypothetical cartel or merger, could profitably raise prices significantly above the competitive level." Id. at 228.
For antitrust purposes, the concept of a market has two components: a product market and a geographic market. Bayer Schering Pharma AG v. Sandoz, Inc., 813 F.Supp.2d 569, 574 (S.D.N.Y. 2011). "A relevant product market consists of `products that have reasonable interchangeability for the purposes for which they are produced—price, use and qualities considered.'" PepsiCo, Inc. v. Coca-Cola Co., 315 F.3d 101, 105 (2d Cir.2002) (per curiam) (quoting United States v. E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Co., 351 U.S. 377, 404, 76 S.Ct. 994, 100 L.Ed. 1264 (1956)). By contrast, "the geographic market analysis seeks to identify the precise geographic boundaries of effective competition  in order to reach a more informed conclusion on potential harm to the market." Mathias v. Daily News, L.P., 152 F.Supp.2d 465, 480 (S.D.N.Y.2001). "Courts generally measure a market's geographic scope, the `area of effective competition,' by determining the areas in which the seller operates and where consumers can turn, as a practical matter, for supply of the relevant product." Heerwagen v. Clear Channel Commc'ns, 435 F.3d 219, 227 (2d Cir.2006) (citation omitted), overruled on other grounds by Teamsters Local 445 Freight Div. Pension Fund v. Bombardier Inc., 546 F.3d 196, 201 (2d Cir.2008).
"Taken together, the product and geographic components illuminate the relevant market analysis, which is essential for assessing the potential harm to competition from the defendants' alleged misconduct." Mathias, 152 F.Supp.2d at 481. And this analysis is equally applicable to claims made under Section Two of the Sherman Act, because "without a definition of that market there is no way to measure the defendant's ability to lessen or destroy competition." Xerox Corp. v. Media Sciences Int'l, Inc., 511 F.Supp.2d 372, 383 (S.D.N.Y.2007) (quoting Walker Process Equip., Inc. v. Food Mach. & Chem. Corp., 382 U.S. 172, 177, 86 S.Ct. 347, 15 L.Ed.2d 247 (1965) (internal alterations omitted)).
Although market definition is a "deeply fact-intensive inquiry" not ordinarily subject to dismissal at the pleadings stage, Todd, 275 F.3d at 199, there is "no absolute rule" against dismissal where the plaintiff has failed to articulate a plausible explanation as to why a market should be limited in a particular way, id. at 200. Thus, in order to survive a motion to dismiss, it is appropriate for a district court to assess whether the plaintiffs' complaint asserts sufficient facts to allege plausibly the existence of both a product and geographic market. Id.
The district court determined that the plaintiffs' antitrust claims were subject to dismissal4 because the plaintiffs had failed to plead a plausible relevant racing/gaming market in the Catskills region.5 Concord Assocs., 2014 WL 1396524, at **10, 16-17. It found the plaintiffs' proposed geographic market "too narrow and inherently implausible." Id. at *16. We agree.
The plaintiffs have provided no basis on which to justify their proposed geographic market definition. Although they define the relevant market as "the Racing/Gaming Market in the Catskills region," Appellants' Br. 15, an area consisting of primarily four counties, they also assert that the resort would draw customers from a "catchment area" consisting of twenty-three counties in New York, North-eastern  New Jersey, and Pennsylvania, with a total population of more than 18-20 million people. Concord Assocs., 2014 WL 1396524, at *14. Conveniently for the plaintiffs, this proposed market definition excludes gambling markets in Connecticut, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey that are well-known and accessible to residents of the NY Metro area. We find unpersuasive the plaintiffs' claim that the bulk of the resort's potential customers would not view Atlantic City and Connecticut as "reasonably interchangeable substitutes for a Catskills racino in terms of distance as well as regional character." Appellants' Br. 22. Although facilities in the latter locations are approximately 125 miles from the NY Metro area rather than 100 miles, the plaintiffs fail to present a plausible basis for explaining why an additional twenty-five miles makes the difference. These locations are reasonably accessible by car to NY Metro area residents, and as the plaintiffs concede, these other facilities provide amenities comparable to the plaintiffs' proposed resort.
As for the "regional character" of the Catskills, the plaintiffs argue that the Catskills region comprises a "unique" geographic market for a "racino" and hotel complex based on its status as a tourist destination with "popular natural resources for water sports, mountain sports, hunting and golf." Am. Compl. ¶ 154. However, "[m]erely asserting that a commodity is in some way unique is insufficient to plead a relevant market. Rather, an antitrust complaint must explain why the market it alleges is the relevant, economically significant product market." B.V. Optische Industrie De Oude Delft v. Hologic, Inc., 909 F.Supp. 162, 171 (S.D.N.Y.1995). We agree with the district court that the plaintiffs have not plausibly alleged why their proposed resort differs from the variety of other options for tourists to combine a gambling trip, access to natural resources, and other related activities available more or less the same distance from the NY Metro area as Thompson, New York. See, e.g., Smugglers Notch Homeowners' Assoc., Inc. v. Smugglers' Notch Mmgt. Co., Ltd., 08 Civ. 186, 2009 WL 1545829 (D.Vt. May 29, 2009), affirmed, 414 Fed.Appx. 372 (2d Cir.2011) (holding that antitrust plaintiffs had not shown why their "vacation properties and recreation facilities . . . are different from the myriad other options at ski resorts in Vermont"). We agree with the defendants' argument that various locations around New York City could also be thought of as tourist destinations, where tourists could gamble and have access to natural resources and other related activities.
The plaintiffs compare their proposed geographic market to the Aspen skiing market and the Atlantic City gambling market, both of which have been implicitly recognized as valid market definitions in antitrust suits. See Aspen Skiing Co. v. Aspen Highlands Skiing Corp., 472 U.S. 585, 587-88, 105 S.Ct. 2847, 86 L.Ed.2d 467 (1985); Mirage Resorts, Inc. v. Trump, No. 97 Civ. 6693(DAB), 1998 WL 898340, at *2 (S.D.N.Y. Dec. 22, 1998). But the plaintiffs in those cases contended that the markets were highly localized, as tourists specifically came to Aspen and Atlantic City, and then considered only product options within those destination locations for skiing and gambling, respectively. See Aspen Skiing Co., 472 U.S. at 596, 105 S.Ct. 2847 (describing Aspen as a "destination" market and detailing dispute among ski resorts within Aspen); Mirage Resorts, Inc., 1998 WL 898340, at *3 (stating plaintiff's claim that defendant had "suppress[ed] competition in the Atlantic City gaming market"). Furthermore, the market definitions in Aspen Skiing and Mirage Resorts were not subject to challenge,  and the validity of those market definitions was therefore not at issue. See Aspen Skiing Co., 472 U.S. at 597-98, 105 S.Ct. 2847 (explaining that primary issue before jury was whether defendant had monopolized the market); Mirage Resorts, Inc., 1998 WL 898340, at *2 (stating that defendant's arguments for dismissal included plaintiff's failure to allege anti-competitive activities, elements of a conspiracy, or injury to competition).
While plaintiffs argue that some gambling markets are uniquely localized, relying on In the Matter of Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc., No. 9355, 2013 WL 2444712, at *9-10 (F.T.C. May 28, 2013), the mere fact that certain gambling markets may be localized does not relieve the plaintiffs of the requirement to show why the Catskills gambling market is a localized or regional market—particularly where the vast majority of customers are not local and have a myriad of other comparable options.
Moreover, as the district court noted, "by arbitrarily excising those alternative options and essentially arguing that there are no comparable competitors, Plaintiffs exempt themselves from the requirement of defining the market according to the rules of interchangeability and cross-elasticity." Concord Assocs., 2014 WL 1396524 at *17. In so doing, the plaintiffs further undermine the plausibility of their antitrust claims. See B.V. Optische Industrie De Oude Delft, 909 F.Supp. at 171-72 ("Because a relevant market includes all products which are reasonably interchangeable,. . . [the plaintiffs'] failure to define [the] market by reference to the rule of reasonable interchangeability is, standing alone, valid grounds for dismissal.") (internal quotation and citation omitted).
Because plaintiffs failed to plead a relevant geographic market in the Amended Complaint, the district court correctly concluded that each of the Sherman Act claims was subject to dismissal.
Finally, we address the plaintiffs' argument that the district court erred by not granting them leave to file a second amended complaint. We review for abuse of discretion a district court's decision to deny a party leave to amend a complaint. Grochowski v. Phoenix Const., 318 F.3d 80, 86 (2d Cir.2003). The plaintiffs contend that the district court erroneously determined that the plaintiffs had withdrawn their request for leave to amend the Amended Complaint. See Concord Associates, 2014 WL 1396524, at *27. We need not decide this question, however, because granting leave to file a second amended complaint would have been futile. See Nielsen v. Rabin, 746 F.3d 58, 62 (2d Cir.2014). Although the plaintiffs' proposed Second Amended Complaint alleges two relevant markets—a "Catskills Racing/Gaming Market," ¶ 151, and a "Downstate New York Racing/Gaming Market," ¶ 158—rather than one market, these proposed markets refer to the same geographic area as the market alleged in the Amended Complaint. This re-characterization fails to remedy the flaws in the plaintiffs' proposed geographic market definition.
Conclusion
We hold that the plaintiffs' pleadings fail to define a plausible relevant geographic or product market for antitrust purposes, and that the district court properly dismissed their Sherman Act claims. The judgment of the district court is AFFIRMED.


FootNotes 
1. See Concord Assocs., L.P. v. EPT Concord, LLC, No. 1611-2011 (N.Y.Sup.Ct. Sullivan Cnty. June 30, 2014).

2. The plaintiffs contend that the district court erred in failing to consider extrinsic materials they submitted in opposition to the defendants' motions to dismiss, including several exhibits and Securities & Exchange disclosures. The plaintiffs claim that these documents show that Genting conspired to exclude market competition in violation of antitrust laws. We need not address the substance of the plaintiffs' arguments because our decision is based on the plaintiffs' failure to allege a plausible relevant market in which competition could be restrained. In any event, the district court correctly declined to consider the extrinsic materials, as they were not incorporated by reference or otherwise integral to the Complaint. See Allen v. WestPoint-Pepperell, Inc., 945 F.2d 40, 44 (2d Cir.1991) (stating that, in adjudicating Rule 12(b)(6) motion, district court must confine its consideration "to facts stated on the face of the complaint, in documents appended to the complaint or incorporated in the complaint by reference, and to matters of which judicial notice may be taken"). Further, even if the documents were properly the subject of judicial notice, judicial notice would not be appropriate because the plaintiffs did not rely on the documents in drafting the Complaint. Chambers v. Time Warner, Inc., 282 F.3d 147, 153 (2d Cir.2002).

3. In this appeal, the plaintiffs have not specifically challenged the district court's dismissal of their state law claims, and we therefore consider any such challenge to be waived. See JP Morgan Chase Bank v. Altos Hornos de Mexico, S.A. de C.V., 412 F.3d 418, 428 (2d Cir.2005).

4. Because we affirm the district court on the basis that the plaintiffs failed to allege a plausible geographic market, we do not decide whether the plaintiffs also failed to allege an antitrust violation or an antitrust injury.

5. As an initial matter, the plaintiffs claim to have alleged that the defendants committed a per se violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act by engaging in "a group boycott" and a "refusal to deal," which relieves the plaintiffs from the requirement of demonstrating a market-wide anticompetitive effect. A per se violation involves conduct "so plainly harmful to competition and so obviously lacking in any redeeming pro-competitive values that [it is] `conclusively presumed illegal without further examination.'" Capital Imaging Assocs., P.C. v. Mohawk Valley Med. Assocs., Inc., 996 F.2d 537, 542 (2d Cir.1993) (quoting Broadcast Music, Inc. v. CBS, 441 U.S. 1, 8, 99 S.Ct. 1551, 60 L.Ed.2d 1 (1979)). We agree with the district court that the plaintiffs have failed to allege a per se violation of the Sherman Act. See Concord Assocs., 2014 WL 1396524, at *11.






Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us





































Concord Associates, L.P. v. Entertainment Properties Trust, EPT Concord, LLC., 031816 FED2, 13-3933-cv - Federal Cases - Case Law - VLEX 636520017
    
























































United States

Intelligent legal information





SEARCH










     




 ENTER








Keep me logged  in this device


FORGOT PASSWORD
SIGN IN




SIGN IN NOW WITH AN ACCOUNT










+1-888-223-0621





WHY vLex
PRODUCTS
CONTENTS
ABOUT US
SUPPORT

















Case Law
Federal Cases

Concord Associates, L.P. v. Entertainment Properties Trust, EPT Concord, LLC., 031816 FED2, 13-3933-cv




Court:United States Courts of Appeals, Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
Attorney:Scott A. Martin, (James I. Serota & Carmen Beauchamp Ciparick, on the brief), Greenberg Traurig, LLP, New York, New York, and Alfred E. Donnellan, DelBello Donnellan Weingarten Wise & Wiederkehr, L.L.P., White Plains, NY, for Plaintiffs-Appellants Concord Associates, L.P., Concord Raceway Corpora...
Judge Panel:Before: Jacobs, Pooler, and Hall, Circuit Judges.
Opinion Judge:HALL, CIRCUIT JUDGE.
Party Name:Concord Associates, L.P., Concord Raceway Corporation, Concord Kiamesha Casino, LLC, Concord Kiamesha Capital Corp., Concord Resort, LLC, Concord Kiamesha, LLC, Concord Kiamesha Hotel, LLC, Plaintiffs-Appellants, v. Entertainment Properties Trust, EPT Concord, LLC, EPT Concord II, LLC, Empire Resorts, Inc., Monticello Raceway Management, Inc., ...
Case Date:March 18, 2016
Docket Nº:13-3933-cv



 




Tweet

 








FREE EXCERPT




Concord Associates, L.P., Concord Raceway Corporation, Concord Kiamesha Casino, LLC, Concord Kiamesha Capital Corp., Concord Resort, LLC, Concord Kiamesha, LLC, Concord Kiamesha Hotel, LLC, Plaintiffs-Appellants, 

v.

Entertainment Properties Trust, EPT Concord, LLC, EPT Concord II, LLC, Empire Resorts, Inc., Monticello Raceway Management, Inc., Genting New York LLC, John Does 1-5, Kien Huat Realty III Limited, Defendants-Appellees.

No. 13-3933-cv

United States Court of Appeals, Second Circuit

March 18, 2016
          Argued: April 29, 2015
         Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (Ramos, J.) granting defendants' motions to dismiss claims of violations of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 1 & 2, and denying plaintiffs' motion for reconsideration. In order to state a claim for a Sherman Act violation, a plaintiff must allege an antitrust injury, define the relevant geographic market, and allege conduct in violation of antitrust laws. The District Court found, with respect to the Sherman Act claims, that the plaintiffs' proposed geographic and product markets were not sufficiently plausible to survive a motion to dismiss. We agree and hold that the plaintiffs fail to state a claim for violations of the Sherman Act and, accordingly, AFFIRM the District Court's dismissal of the complaint.
          Scott A. Martin, (James I. Serota & Carmen Beauchamp Ciparick, on the brief), Greenberg Traurig, LLP, New York, New York, and Alfred E. Donnellan, DelBello Donnellan Weingarten Wise & Wiederkehr, L.L.P., White Plains, NY, for Plaintiffs-Appellants Concord Associates, L.P., Concord Raceway Corporation, Concord Kiamesha Casino, LLC, Concord Kiamesha Capital Corp., Concord Resort, LLC, Concord Kiamesha, LLC and Concord Kiamesha Hotel, LLC.
          Moses Silverman (Joshua D. Kaye, Jason L. Meizlish, & Elana R. Beale, on the brief), Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, New York, New York, for Defendants-Appellees Empire Resorts, Inc. and Monticello Raceway Management, Inc.
          Y. David Scharf, (Kristin T. Roy, & Gayle Pollack, on the brief) Morrison Cohen LLP, New York, New York, for Defendant-Appellee Entertainment Properties Trust, EPT Concord, LLC, and EPT Concord II, LLC.
          Howard Zelbo (Leah Brannon, on the brief), Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP, New York, NY, for Defendants-Appellees Kien Huat Realty III Limited and Genting New York LLC.
          Before: Jacobs, Pooler, and Hall, Circuit Judges.
          HALL, CIRCUIT JUDGE.
         Plaintiffs-Appellants are seven entities who are collectively attempting to develop a casino-resort complex in the Catskills region of New York State. Defendants-Appellees are three groups of investors and business owners with an interest in the casino industry and horse racing in the Catskills who, the plaintiffs claim, entered into an anti-competitive scheme to obstruct the plaintiffs' resort development project. Underlying this antitrust dispute is a threshold question that is ultimately dispositive of this appeal: For the purposes of an antitrust claim, whether the plaintiffs have alleged a plausible relevant geographic market for their casino-related products and services.
         Facts and Procedural History
         The facts of this case, which we view in the light most favorable to the plaintiffs, are set out in the district court's Order and Opinion in detail and are briefly summarized as follows. The plaintiffs, including Concord Associates, L.P. ("Concord Associates"), Concord Raceway Corporation, Concord Kiamesha Capital Corporation, Concord Resort, LLC ("Concord Resort"), Concord Kiamesha, LLC, and Concord Kiamesha Hotel, LLC, are collectively attempting to develop a casino gambling resort and race track known as the New Concord Casino Resort at the site of the former Concord Resort Hotel, located in the Catskills Mountains in Thompson, New York. The defendants, including Entertainment Properties Trust, EPT Concord, LLC, and EPT Concord II, LLC (collectively, "EPT"); Empire Resorts, Inc. and Monticello Raceway Management, Inc. (collectively "Empire"); Kien Huat Realty III Limited ("Kien Huat Realty"); Genting New York LLC and John Doe entities 1–5 (collectively "Genting" or "Genting defendants"), are real estate developers and casino and gambling facility operators.
         The plaintiffs intend to develop racing and casino gambling facilities, known as "racinos, " on two adjoining properties, including 140 acres at the site of the Concord Resort Hotel, which was once a world-famous vacation destination for visitors to the Catskills Mountains until its closing and bankruptcy in 1998, and also 1, 500 acres of adjacent land containing golf courses, residential properties, and vacant land. In 1999, plaintiff Concord Associates purchased these land parcels from the Concord Resort Hotel bankruptcy estate. In furtherance of their development efforts, the plaintiffs have conducted an environmental review, obtained necessary preliminary licensing approvals and development permits, and performed substantial work at the construction site.
         In June 2010, as part of a legal settlement intended to resolve several lawsuits between defendant EPT and plaintiff Concord Associates, the plaintiffs transferred the 1, 500 acre parcel to defendant EPT Concord II. Under the settlement, the plaintiffs retained the right for exclusive use and exploitation of the property, including the right to develop the proposed resort. Accordingly, Concord Associates entered into an agreement with EPT Concord II that specifically reserved the right for the plaintiffs to lease a tract for a "racino" on the property along with additional easements, leases, and other rights related to development of the property. In addition, the terms included a restrictive covenant pursuant to which EPT Concord II agreed that its successors or assignees would not own or operate any competing casino, racino, racing or gaming facility on the property.
         In addition to entering the agreement with EPT Concord II, the plaintiffs entered into a contractual relationship with Empire to further the development of their resort. Since 1993, Empire had owned and operated the Monticello Raceway, located approximately four miles from the plaintiffs' proposed resort. In 2004, the Monticello Raceway began offering casino gaming, and since that time it has been the only race track or casino in the Catskills. The closest racinos are eighty miles away in Pennsylvania, and 100 miles away in Yonkers. Monticello Raceway also claims that it "does not compete directly with other harness racing tracks in New York State for live racing patrons." Am. Compl. ¶ 131. Thus, according to the plaintiffs, Empire's position as the sole operator of casino gaming in the Catskills makes it "the only game in town" for local consumers and tourists. Am. Compl. ¶ 133.
         Empire was initially supportive of the plaintiffs' proposed resort, and in March 2009 it entered into an agreement with Concord Associates to provide management services at the plaintiffs' proposed Raceway. But in November 2009, defendant Kien Huat Realty-which, together with...





To continue reading

FREE SIGN UP




































EPT Concord II, LLC Application | Sullivan County IDA
























The Sullivan County Industrial Development Agency



1 Cablevision Center
					Ferndale, NY 12734
Tel: (845) 295-2603
					Fax: (845) 295-2604
Contact Us






Skip to content
Home
About Us
Incentives
Current Projects
By-Laws & Policies
Budgets and Reports
 



EPT Concord II, LLC Application 


APPLICATION 
TO
COUNTY OF SULLIVAN INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AGENCY
FOR
FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE
I.          APPLICANT INFORMATION:
Company Name:  EPT Concord II, LLC
 Address:                909 Walnut Street-200 Kansas City, MO 64106
Phone No.:             (816) 472-1700
Telefax No.:           (816) 472-5794
Email Address:      Tim Lies – Tlies@eprkc.com;
        Robert Drumm – Robertd@eprkc.com
Fed Id. No.:             43-1790877
Contact Person:     Steve Vegliante, Esq. 
Principal Owners/Officers/Directors (list owners with 15% or more in equity holdings with percentage ownership): 
Principal Owners (Shareholders/Members/Owners)            EPT Concord, LLC
Directors/Managers: David M. Brain and Gregory K. Silvers
Officers: For Corporate Structure, see attached Schematic-Exhibit A
 
Corporate Structure (attach schematic if Applicant is a subsidiary or otherwise affiliated with another entity)
Form of Entity:
______ Corporation (Sub-s)
Date of incorporation:        _________________________________
State of incorporation:        ________________________________
Partnership
General______________________ or Limited__________________
Number of general partners_______________
If applicable, number of limited partners________________

 

Date of formation:____________________
Jurisdiction formation:__________________
X Limited Liability Company/Partnership (number of members 1)
Date of organization:                        June 10, 2010
State of organization:         Delaware and authorized to do business in New York.  See Exhibit B annexed hereto.
Sole Proprietorship
If a foreign organization, is the Applicant authorized to do business in the State of New
York? Yes X         No_____    N/A__       (If so, please append Certificate of Authority.
                                                                See Exhibit B – Certificate of Authority
APPLICANT’S COUNSEL
Name:              Steven Vegliante, Esq.
Address:        510 Wild Turnpike / P.O. Box 368, Mountaindale, NY12763
Phone No.:    (845) 434-6688
Telefax No.: (845) 436-7788
Email Address:   svegliante@hvc.rr.com
II.        PROJECT INFORMATION
A) Describe the proposed acquisitions, construction or reconstruction and a description of the costs and expenditures expected. Attach additional sheets, if necessary.
 
Please see Exhibit C for Project Description.
 COST BENEFIT ANALYSIS:
Costs = Financial Assistance
Estimated Sales Tax Exemption                          $    3,120,000[1]
Estimated Mortgage Tax Exemption                   $    N/A
Estimated Property Tax Abatement                     $    TBD[2]
Estimated Interest Savings IRB Issue                 $   N/A
 
See also attached Exhibit E for Economic Analysis in support of this Application.        

                 Overall Project                                     
 
Jobs created:                                    2642                                                       
Jobs retained                                    N/A                                                       
Private funds invested     $772mm                                              
Other Benefits 
B)       Project Address:     See Figure 1 of Exhibit C for Project Location                             
Tax Map Number(s): See attached Exhibit D                            
Located in the Village of __________________                                  
Located in Town of  Thompson                                        
Located in the School District of Monticello CSD                     
Located in Hamlet of     N/A                                        
 
C)         Are Utilities on Site? 
Water/Sewer     No                                           Electric    Yes
Gas    ______                                                           Storm Sewer   No 
D)         Present legal owner of the site:  EPT Concord II, LLC-See Exhibit D
If other than Applicant, by what means will the site be acquired for this Project:
E)         Zoning of Project Site: Current:       PRD             Proposed:________
F)         Are any variances needed:      No
G)        Principal Use of Project upon completion:       Destination Resort – See Exhibit C -Project Description  
H)       Will the Project result in the removal of a plant or facility of the Applicant from one area of the State of New York to another? YES_______________ NO   X . 
           Will the Project result in the removal of a plant or facility of another proposed
          occupant of the Project from one area of the State of New York to another area
          of the State of New York? YES________ NO   X
           Will the Project result in the abandonment of one or more plants or facilities
          located in the State of New York? YES_______        NO    X
 I)        Estimate how many construction/permanent jobs will be created or retained as a      
          result of this Project:
  Overall Project
         Construction:                6,325/5,674 person-years[3]
          Permanent:                    2642                                                                     
          Retained:                        300                                                       
See also Exhibit E for Economic Analysis in support of Application
 
 
 
J)        Financial Assistance being applied for:
                                                              Estimated Value         
                                                                                        Overall Project                    
 
Real Property Tax Abatement                                            $ TBD[4]
Mortgage Tax Exemption                                                    $ N/A
Sales and Use Tax Exemption                                             $  3,120,000[5]                       
Issuance by the Agency of Tax Exempt Bonds                   $ N/A
 



K)Project Costs (Estimates) Land
$ 193,000,000


Building/Equipment/Soft costs
$   15,000,000


Other( Infrastructure)
$   50,000,000


Total
$ 258,000,000


REPRESENTATIONS BY APPLICANT 
REPRESENTATIONS BY THE
  
 
 
APPLICANT



REPRESENTATIONS BY APPLICANT 
The Applicant understands and agrees with the Agency as follows:
A)           Job Listings.   In accordance with Section 858-b (2) of the New York General
Municipal Law, the Applicant understands and agrees that, if the Project receives
any Financial Assistance from the Agency, except as otherwise provided by
collective bargaining agreements, new employment opportunities created as a
result of the Project will be listed with the New York State Department of Labor
Community Services Division (the “DOL”) and with the administrative entity
(collectively with the DOL, the “JTPA Entities”) of the service delivery area
created by the federal job training partnership act (Public Law 97-300) (“JTPA”)
in which the Project is located. 
B)                 First Consideration for Employment.  In accordance with Section 858-b (2) of the
New York General Municipal Law, the Applicant understands and agrees that, if
the Project receives any Financial Assistance from the Agency, except as
otherwise provided by collective bargaining agreements, where practicable, the
Applicant will first consider persons eligible to participate in JTPA programs who
shall be referred by the JTPA Entities for new employment opportunities created
as a result of the Project. 
C)                Annual Sales Tax Filings.   In accordance with Section 874(8) of the New York
General Municipal Law, the Applicant understands and agrees that, if the Project
receives any sales tax exemptions as part of the Financial Assistance from the
Agency, in accordance with Section 874(8) of the General Municipal Law, the
Applicant agrees to file, or cause to be filed, with the New York State Department
of Taxation and Finance, the annual form prescribed by the Department of
Taxation and Finance, describing the value of all sales tax exemptions claimed
by the Applicant and all consultants or subcontractors retained by the Applicant. 
D)        Annual Employment Reports, The Applicant understands and agrees that, if the
Project receives any Financial Assistance from the Agency, the Applicant agrees
to file, or cause to be filed, with the Agency, on an annual basis, reports
regarding the number of people employed at the project site. 
E)        Absence of Conflicts of Interest.  The Applicant has received from the Agency a
list of the members, officers, and employees of the Agency. No member, officers
or employee of the Agency has an interest, whether direct or indirect, in any
transaction contemplated by this Application, except as hereinafter described. 
The Applicant and the individual executing this Application on behalf of the Applicant acknowledge that the Agency will rely on the representations made herein when acting on this Application and hereby represent that the statements made herein do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact and do not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein not misleading.
(Applicant)
                                                                                              EPT Concord II, LLC
                                                                                      By:____________________________
Name: Gregory K. Silvers
 Title: Vice President
Date:
THIS APPLICATION SHALL BE SUBMITTED WITH (I) TWO CHECKS: ONE COVERING A $250.00 APPLICATION FEE AND THE SECOND COVERING A $5,000.00 UP-FRONT ESCROW DEPOSIT; AND (II) APPLICANT’S FORMATION DOCUMENTS (IE: IF A CORPORATION: ITS CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS; IF A LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY: ITS ARTICLES OF ORGANIZATION AND OPERATING AGREEMENT; IF A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP: ITS CERTIFICATE OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT; OR IF A PARTNERSHIP: ITS PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT TO COUNTY OF SULLIVAN INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AGENCY, ONE CABLEVISION CENTER, FERNDALE, NEW YORK 12734 (ATTN.: EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR).


[1] Infrastructure improvements in support of Phase 1 of the Proposed Project and improvements to public rights of way accessing the Proposed Project site.


[2] The Proposed Project is a market-driven and phased Destination Resort development. Consequently, it is difficult to quantify the anticipated assessed value of future phases, including the full build-out of the Proposed Project at this juncture. It is our understanding that the Agency will retain a consultant to perform an analysis of the estimated value of the benefits that are to be provided by the Agency to the Applicant in accordance with its customary valuation practices. As a result, the Applicant will provide all necessary information to Agency upon request so that such values may be developed. 


[3] Phase 1 construction is anticipated to directly generate an average of 6,325 person-years of employment in New YorkState, of which 5,674 person-years would be in the Catskill region.  See Exhibit E.


[4] The Proposed Project is a market-driven and phased Destination Resort development. Consequently, it is difficult to quantify the anticipated assessed value of future phases, including the full build-out of the Proposed Project at this juncture. It is our understanding that the Agency will retain a consultant to perform an analysis of the estimated value of the benefits that are to be provided by the Agency to the Applicant in accordance with its customary valuation practices. As a result, the Applicant will provide all necessary information to Agency upon request so that such values may be developed.


[5]Infrastructure improvements in support of Phase 1 of the Proposed Project and improvements to public rights of way accessing the Proposed Project site.  
##





Comments are closed.





Incentives Tax Abatement Programs
Loan Programs
Meeting Schedule 
2017 Notices, Agendas, Minutes, &  Resolutions
January 9, 2017  
February 13, 2017  
March 13, 2017  
April 10, 2017  
May 8, 2017  
June 12, 2017  
July 10, 2017  
August 14, 2017  
September 11, 2017  
October 16, 2017  
November 13, 2017  
December 11, 2017  
2016 Notices, Agendas, Minutes &  Resolutions
2015 Agendas, Minutes &  Resolutions
2014 Agendas, Minutes &  Resolutions
2013 Agendas, Minutes &  Resolutions
2012 Agendas, Minutes &  Resolutions
2011 Agendas, Minutes &  Resolutions
2010 Agendas, Minutes &  Resolutions

 




County of Sullivan Industrial Development Agency 1 Cablevision Center
Ferndale, NY 12734
Tel: (845) 295-2603
Fax: (845) 295-2604
Email: jflad@sullivanida.com
Contact Us

 





© Copyright Sullivan Industrial Development Agency 2011

























CONCORD ASSOCIATES LLC LLC LLC LLC v. ENTERTAINMENT PROPERTIES TRUST EPT LLC EPT II LLC LLC III | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference




















FindLaw
Caselaw
United States
US 2nd Cir.
CONCORD ASSOCIATES LLC LLC LLC LLC v. ENTERTAINMENT PROPERTIES TRUST EPT LLC EPT II LLC LLC III

CONCORD ASSOCIATES LLC LLC LLC LLC v. ENTERTAINMENT PROPERTIES TRUST EPT LLC EPT II LLC LLC III




ResetAA
Font size:
Print







United States Court of Appeals,Second Circuit.
CONCORD ASSOCIATES, L.P., Concord Raceway Corporation, Concord Kiamesha Casino, LLC, Concord Kiamesha Capital Corp., Concord Resort, LLC, Concord Kiamesha, LLC, Concord Kiamesha Hotel, LLC, Plaintiffs–Appellants, v. ENTERTAINMENT PROPERTIES TRUST, EPT Concord, LLC, EPT Concord II, LLC, Empire Resorts, Inc., Monticello Raceway Management, Inc., Genting New York LLC, John Does 1–5, Kien Huat Realty III Limited, Defendants–Appellees.
Docket No. 13–3933–cv.
    Decided: March 18, 2016

		Before JACOBS, POOLER, and HALL, Circuit Judges.Scott A. Martin, (James I. Serota & Carmen Beauchamp Ciparick, on the brief), Greenberg Traurig, LLP, New York, New York, and Alfred E. Donnellan, DelBello Donnellan Weingarten Wise & Wiederkehr, L.L.P., White Plains, NY, for Plaintiffs–Appellants Concord Associates, L.P., Concord Raceway Corporation, Concord Kiamesha Casino, LLC, Concord Kiamesha Capital Corp., Concord Resort, LLC, Concord Kiamesha, LLC and Concord Kiamesha Hotel, LLC. Moses Silverman (Joshua D. Kaye, Jason L. Meizlish, & Elana R. Beale, on the brief), Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, New York, New York, for Defendants–Appellees Empire Resorts, Inc. and Monticello Raceway Management, Inc. Y. David Scharf, (Kristin T. Roy, & Gayle Pollack, on the brief) Morrison Cohen LLP, New York, New York, for Defendant–Appellee Entertainment Properties Trust, EPT Concord, LLC, and EPT Concord II, LLC. Howard Zelbo (Leah Brannon, on the brief), Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP, New York, NY, for Defendants–Appellees Kien Huat Realty III Limited and Genting New York LLC.
Plaintiffs–Appellants are seven entities who are collectively attempting to develop a casino-resort complex in the Catskills region of New York State. Defendants–Appellees are three groups of investors and business owners with an interest in the casino industry and horse racing in the Catskills who, the plaintiffs claim, entered into an anti-competitive scheme to obstruct the plaintiffs' resort development project. Underlying this antitrust dispute is a threshold question that is ultimately dispositive of this appeal: For the purposes of an antitrust claim, whether the plaintiffs have alleged a plausible relevant geographic market for their casino-related products and services.Facts and Procedural HistoryThe facts of this case, which we view in the light most favorable to the plaintiffs, are set out in the district court's Order and Opinion in detail and are briefly summarized as follows. The plaintiffs, including Concord Associates, L.P. (“Concord Associates”), Concord Raceway Corporation, Concord Kiamesha Capital Corporation, Concord Resort, LLC (“Concord Resort”), Concord Kiamesha, LLC, and Concord Kiamesha Hotel, LLC, are collectively attempting to develop a casino gambling resort and race track known as the New Concord Casino Resort at the site of the former Concord Resort Hotel, located in the Catskills Mountains in Thompson, New York. The defendants, including Entertainment Properties Trust, EPT Concord, LLC, and EPT Concord II, LLC (collectively, “EPT”); Empire Resorts, Inc. and Monticello Raceway Management, Inc. (collectively “Empire”); Kien Huat Realty III Limited (“Kien Huat Realty”); Genting New York LLC and John Doe entities 1–5 (collectively “Genting” or “Genting defendants”), are real estate developers and casino and gambling facility operators.The plaintiffs intend to develop racing and casino gambling facilities, known as “racinos,” on two adjoining properties, including 140 acres at the site of the Concord Resort Hotel, which was once a world-famous vacation destination for visitors to the Catskills Mountains until its closing and bankruptcy in 1998, and also 1,500 acres of adjacent land containing golf courses, residential properties, and vacant land. In 1999, plaintiff Concord Associates purchased these land parcels from the Concord Resort Hotel bankruptcy estate. In furtherance of their development efforts, the plaintiffs have conducted an environmental review, obtained necessary preliminary licensing approvals and development permits, and performed substantial work at the construction site.In June 2010, as part of a legal settlement intended to resolve several lawsuits between defendant EPT and plaintiff Concord Associates, the plaintiffs transferred the 1,500 acre parcel to defendant EPT Concord II. Under the settlement, the plaintiffs retained the right for exclusive use and exploitation of the property, including the right to develop the proposed resort. Accordingly, Concord Associates entered into an agreement with EPT Concord II that specifically reserved the right for the plaintiffs to lease a tract for a “racino” on the property along with additional easements, leases, and other rights related to development of the property. In addition, the terms included a restrictive covenant pursuant to which EPT Concord II agreed that its successors or assignees would not own or operate any competing casino, racino, racing or gaming facility on the property.In addition to entering the agreement with EPT Concord II, the plaintiffs entered into a contractual relationship with Empire to further the development of their resort. Since 1993, Empire had owned and operated the Monticello Raceway, located approximately four miles from the plaintiffs' proposed resort. In 2004, the Monticello Raceway began offering casino gaming, and since that time it has been the only race track or casino in the Catskills. The closest racinos are eighty miles away in Pennsylvania, and 100 miles away in Yonkers. Monticello Raceway also claims that it “does not compete directly with other harness racing tracks in New York State for live racing patrons.” Am. Compl. ¶ 131. Thus, according to the plaintiffs, Empire's position as the sole operator of casino gaming in the Catskills makes it “the only game in town” for local consumers and tourists. Am. Compl. ¶ 133.Empire was initially supportive of the plaintiffs' proposed resort, and in March 2009 it entered into an agreement with Concord Associates to provide management services at the plaintiffs' proposed Raceway. But in November 2009, defendant Kien Huat Realty—which, together with other Genting defendants makes up one of the world's largest gaming conglomerates—acquired a majority interest in Empire. According to plaintiffs, Kien Huat Realty has since worked to undermine plaintiffs' resort project. Shortly after November 2009, Empire ceased cooperating with the plaintiffs and opened a rival “racino” in collaboration with Genting at the site of the Aqueduct Race Track, approximately 100 miles from the site of the plaintiffs' proposed Resort. In addition, in April 2011 EPT and Empire entered into an exclusive agreement to develop their own “racino” project adjacent to the plaintiffs' proposed resort and repudiated the lease and restrictive covenants promised to Concord Associates. The plaintiffs claim that Genting, EPT and Empire are all members of an anti-competitive scheme to undermine the plaintiffs' resort development project.After bringing actions for breach of contract in the New York state court without success,1 the plaintiffs commenced this federal antitrust action on March 7, 2012. In response to the defendants' motions to dismiss, the plaintiffs filed a First Amended Complaint (the “Amended Complaint”) that purported to define the relevant geographic market for the products the plaintiffs' resort would have to offer. As pleaded, that relevant market includes the area within a radius of approximately 100 miles from the Town of Thompson, with a total population of more than 18–20 million people, of whom almost ninety percent reside in the New York City metropolitan area (“NY Metro area”). In response to the Amended Complaint, the defendants moved to dismiss it on the basis that the plaintiffs had not defined a plausible geographic market. Ultimately, the district court granted the motions to dismiss as to all defendants without considering the additional materials the plaintiffs submitted or a proposed Second Amended Complaint.2 See Concord Assocs., L.P v. Entm't Props. Tr., et al., No. 12–1667, 2014 WL 1396524, at *27 (S.D.N.Y. Apr. 9, 2014). Further, the court dismissed the plaintiffs' state law claims, declining to exercise supplemental jurisdiction under 28 U.S.C. § 1367(c)(3).3 Id. The plaintiffs filed a motion for reconsideration, which the district court denied, reasoning that it could not consider materials not presented as part of the Amended Complaint and that, in any event, the plaintiffs' additional arguments failed to rectify their fatally flawed market definitions. See Concord Assocs., L.P. v. Entm't Props. Tr., No. 12–1667, 2014 WL 5643240, at *6–7 (S.D.N.Y. Nov. 3, 2014).On appeal, the plaintiffs contend that the district court erred in deciding that the Amended Complaint failed to allege a plausible relevant geographic market and that the factual allegations were insufficient to connect certain of the defendants to the alleged conspiracy. The plaintiffs also claim the district court erred in denying them leave to amend the Amended Complaint. Because we agree with the district court that the plaintiffs' proposed market definition is inherently implausible, we find that the plaintiffs failed to allege adequate facts to state a violation of the Sherman Act. Therefore, we affirm the judgment of the district court dismissing the complaint.AnalysisThis court “review[s] de novo a district court's dismissal of a complaint pursuant to Rule 12(b)(6), construing the complaint liberally, accepting all factual allegations in the complaint as true, and drawing all reasonable inferences in the plaintiff's favor .” Chambers v. Time Warner Inc., 282 F.3d 147, 152 (2d Cir.2002).“To survive a motion to dismiss, a complaint must contain sufficient factual matter, accepted as true, to ‘state a claim to relief that is plausible on its face.’ “ Ashcroft v. Iqbal, 556 U.S. 662, 678 (2009) (quoting Bell Atl. Corp. v. Twombly, 550 U.S. 544, 570 (2007)). A claim is facially plausible “when the plaintiff pleads factual content that allows the court to draw the reasonable inference that the defendant is liable for the misconduct alleged,” meaning that there is “more than a sheer possibility that a defendant acted unlawfully.” Id. (citing Twombly, 550 U.S. at 556–57). At the same time, there is no heightened pleading standard in antitrust cases, and the facts alleged are subject to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 8(a)'s general requirement of a “short plain statement” of facts supporting a plausible claim. Todd v. Exxon Corp., 275 F.3d 191, 198 (2d Cir.2001).The plaintiffs brought claims under Sections One and Two of the Sherman Act. Section One of the Sherman Act declares illegal “[e]very contract, combination ․, or conspiracy, in restraint of trade or commerce․” 15 U.S.C. § 1. Section Two of the Sherman Act makes it illegal “to monopolize, or attempt to monopolize, or combine or conspire ․ to monopolize ․ trade or commerce․” 15 U.S.C. § 2. Section Four of the Clayton Act provides a private right of action, with a recovery of treble damages, to “any person who [has been] injured in his business or property by reason of anything forbidden in the antitrust laws․” 15 U.S.C. § 15(a).To survive a motion to dismiss, a Sherman Act claim must “(1) define the relevant geographic market, (2) allege an antitrust injury, and (3) allege conduct in violation of antitrust laws.” New York Medscan LLC v. N.Y. Univ. Sch. Of Med., 430 F.Supp.2d 140, 145 (S.D.N.Y.2015). In such actions, the relevant market is the “ ‘area of effective competition’ within which the defendant operates.” AD/SAT, Div. of Skylight, Inc. v. Assoc. Press, 181 F.3d 216, 227 (2d Cir.1999) (quoting Tampa Electric Co. v. Nashville Coal Co., 365 U.S. 320, 327–28 (1961)). That is, a market consists of an area where sellers, “if unified by a hypothetical cartel or merger, could profitably raise prices significantly above the competitive level.” Id. at 228.For antitrust purposes, the concept of a market has two components: a product market and a geographic market. Bayer Schering Pharma AG v. Sandoz, Inc., 813 F.Supp.2d 569, 574 (S.D.N.Y 2011). “A relevant product market consists of ‘products that have reasonable interchangeability for the purposes for which they are produced—price, use and qualities considered.’ “ PepsiCo, Inc. v. Coca–Cola Co., 315 F.3d 101, 105 (2d Cir.2002) (per curiam) (quoting United States v. E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Co., 351 U.S. 377, 404 (1956)). By contrast, “the geographic market analysis seeks to identify the precise geographic boundaries of effective competition in order to reach a more informed conclusion on potential harm to the market.” Mathias v. Daily News, L.P., 152 F.Supp.2d 465, 480 (S.D.N.Y.2001). “Courts generally measure a market's geographic scope, the ‘area of effective competition,’ by determining the areas in which the seller operates and where consumers can turn, as a practical matter, for supply of the relevant product.” Heerwagen v. Clear Channel Commc'ns, 435 F.3d 219, 227 (2d Cir.2006) (citation omitted), overruled on other grounds by Teamsters Local 445 Freight Div. Pension Fund v. Bombardier Inc., 546 F.3d 196, 201 (2d Cir.2008).“Taken together, the product and geographic components illuminate the relevant market analysis, which is essential for assessing the potential harm to competition from the defendants' alleged misconduct.” Mathias, 152 F.Supp.2d at 481. And this analysis is equally applicable to claims made under Section Two of the Sherman Act, because “without a definition of that market there is no way to measure the defendant's ability to lessen or destroy competition.” Xerox Corp. v. Media Sciences Int'l, Inc., 511 F.Supp.2d 372, 383 (S.D.N.Y.2007) (quoting Walker Process Equip., Inc. v. Food Mach. & Chem. Corp., 382 U.S. 172, 177 (1965) (internal alterations omitted)).Although market definition is a “deeply fact-intensive inquiry” not ordinarily subject to dismissal at the pleadings stage, Todd, 275 F.3d at 199, there is “no absolute rule” against dismissal where the plaintiff has failed to articulate a plausible explanation as to why a market should be limited in a particular way, id. at 200. Thus, in order to survive a motion to dismiss, it is appropriate for a district court to assess whether the plaintiffs' complaint asserts sufficient facts to allege plausibly the existence of both a product and geographic market. Id.The district court determined that the plaintiffs' antitrust claims were subject to dismissal4 because the plaintiffs had failed to plead a plausible relevant racing/gaming market in the Catskills region.5 Concord Assocs., 2014 WL 1396524, at * *10, 16–17. It found the plaintiffs' proposed geographic market “too narrow and inherently implausible.” Id. at *16. We agree.The plaintiffs have provided no basis on which to justify their proposed geographic market definition. Although they define the relevant market as “the Racing/Gaming Market in the Catskills region,” Appellants' Br. 15, an area consisting of primarily four counties, they also assert that the resort would draw customers from a “catchment area” consisting of twenty-three counties in New York, Northeastern New Jersey, and Pennsylvania, with a total population of more than 18–20 million people. Concord Assocs., 2014 WL 1396524, at *14. Conveniently for the plaintiffs, this proposed market definition excludes gambling markets in Connecticut, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey that are well-known and accessible to residents of the N.Y. Metro area. We find unpersuasive the plaintiffs' claim that the bulk of the resort's potential customers would not view Atlantic City and Connecticut as “reasonably interchangeable substitutes for a Catskills racino in terms of distance as well as regional character.” Appellants' Br. 22. Although facilities in the latter locations are approximately 125 miles from the N.Y. Metro area rather than 100 miles, the plaintiffs fail to present a plausible basis for explaining why an additional twenty-five miles makes the difference. These locations are reasonably accessible by car to N.Y. Metro area residents, and as the plaintiffs concede, these other facilities provide amenities comparable to the plaintiffs' proposed resort.As for the “regional character” of the Catskills, the plaintiffs argue that the Catskills region comprises a “unique” geographic market for a “racino” and hotel complex based on its status as a tourist destination with “popular natural resources for water sports, mountain sports, hunting and golf.” Am. Compl. ¶ 154. However, “[m]erely asserting that a commodity is in some way unique is insufficient to plead a relevant market. Rather, an antitrust complaint must explain why the market it alleges is the relevant, economically significant product market.” B.V. Optische Industrie De Oude Delft v. Hologic, Inc., 909 F.Supp. 162, 171 (S.D.N.Y.1995). We agree with the district court that the plaintiffs have not plausibly alleged why their proposed resort differs from the variety of other options for tourists to combine a gambling trip, access to natural resources, and other related activities available more or less the same distance from the N.Y. Metro area as Thompson, New York. See, e.g., Smugglers Notch Homeowners' Assoc., Inc. v. Smugglers' Notch Mmgt. Co., Ltd., 08 Civ. 186, 2009 WL 1545829 (D.Vt. May 29, 2009), affirmed, 414 F. App'x 372 (2d Cir.2011) (holding that antitrust plaintiffs had not shown why their “vacation properties and recreation facilities ․ are different from the myriad other options at ski resorts in Vermont”). We agree with the defendants' argument that various locations around New York City could also be thought of as tourist destinations, where tourists could gamble and have access to natural resources and other related activities.The plaintiffs compare their proposed geographic market to the Aspen skiing market and the Atlantic City gambling market, both of which have been implicitly recognized as valid market definitions in antitrust suits. See Aspen Skiing Co. v. Aspen Highlands Skiing Corp., 472 U.S. 585, 587–88 (1985); Mirage Resorts, Inc. v. Trump, No. 97 Civ. 6693(DAB), 1998 WL 898340, at *2 (S.D.N.Y Dec. 22, 1998). But the plaintiffs in those cases contended that the markets were highly localized, as tourists specifically came to Aspen and Atlantic City, and then considered only product options within those destination locations for skiing and gambling, respectively. See Aspen Skiing Co., 472 U.S. at 596 (describing Aspen as a “destination” market and detailing dispute among ski resorts within Aspen); Mirage Resorts, Inc., 1998 WL 898340, at *3 (stating plaintiff's claim that defendant had “suppress [ed] competition in the Atlantic City gaming market”). Furthermore, the market definitions in Aspen Skiing and Mirage Resorts were not subject to challenge, and the validity of those market definitions was therefore not at issue. See Aspen Skiing Co., 472 U.S. at 597–98 (explaining that primary issue before jury was whether defendant had monopolized the market); Mirage Resorts, Inc., 1998 WL 898340, at *2 (stating that defendant's arguments for dismissal included plaintiff's failure to allege anti-competitive activities, elements of a conspiracy, or injury to competition).While plaintiffs argue that some gambling markets are uniquely localized, relying on In the Matter of Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc ., No. 9355, 2013 WL 2444712, at *9–10 (F.T.C. May 28, 2013), the mere fact that certain gambling markets may be localized does not relieve the plaintiffs of the requirement to show why the Catskills gambling market is a localized or regional market-particularly where the vast majority of customers are not local and have a myriad of other comparable options.Moreover, as the district court noted, “by arbitrarily excising those alternative options and essentially arguing that there are no comparable competitors, Plaintiffs exempt themselves from the requirement of defining the market according to the rules of interchangeability and cross-elasticity.” Concord Assocs., 2014 WL 1396524 at *17. In so doing, the plaintiffs further undermine the plausibility of their antitrust claims. See B.V. Optische Industrie De Oude Delft, 909 F.Supp. at 171–72 (“Because a relevant market includes all products which are reasonably interchangeable, ․ [the plaintiffs'] failure to define [the] market by reference to the rule of reasonable interchangeability is, standing alone, valid grounds for dismissal.”) (internal quotation and citation omitted).Because plaintiffs failed to plead a relevant geographic market in the Amended Complaint, the district court correctly concluded that each of the Sherman Act claims was subject to dismissal.Finally, we address the plaintiffs' argument that the district court erred by not granting them leave to file a second amended complaint. We review for abuse of discretion a district court's decision to deny a party leave to amend a complaint. Grochowski v.. Phoenix Const., 318 F.3d 80, 86 (2d Cir.2003). The plaintiffs contend that the district court erroneously determined that the plaintiffs had withdrawn their request for leave to amend the Amended Complaint. See Concord Associates, 2014 WL 1396524, at *27. We need not decide this question, however, because granting leave to file a second amended complaint would have been futile. See Nielsen v. Rabin, 746 F.3d 58, 62 (2d Cir.2014). Although the plaintiffs' proposed Second Amended Complaint alleges two relevant markets—a “Catskills Racing/Gaming Market,” ¶ 151, and a “Downstate New York Racing/Gaming Market,” ¶ 158—rather than one market, these proposed markets refer to the same geographic area as the market alleged in the Amended Complaint. This re-characterization fails to remedy the flaws in the plaintiffs' proposed geographic market definition.ConclusionWe hold that the plaintiffs' pleadings fail to define a plausible relevant geographic or product market for antitrust purposes, and that the district court properly dismissed their Sherman Act claims. The judgment of the district court is AFFIRMED.FOOTNOTES1.  See Concord Assocs., L.P. v. EPT Concord, LLC, No. 1611–2011 (N.Y. Sup.Ct. Sullivan Cnty. June 30, 2014).2.  The plaintiffs contend that the district court erred in failing to consider extrinsic materials they submitted in opposition to the defendants' motions to dismiss, including several exhibits and Securities & Exchange disclosures. The plaintiffs claim that these documents show that Genting conspired to exclude market competition in violation of antitrust laws. We need not address the substance of the plaintiffs' arguments because our decision is based on the plaintiffs' failure to allege a plausible relevant market in which competition could be restrained. In any event, the district court correctly declined to consider the extrinsic materials, as they were not incorporated by reference or otherwise integral to the Complaint. See Allen v. WestPoint–Pepperell, Inc., 945 F.2d 40, 44 (2d Cir.1991) (stating that, in adjudicating Rule 12(b)(6) motion, district court must confine its consideration “to facts stated on the face of the complaint, in documents appended to the complaint or incorporated in the complaint by reference, and to matters of which judicial notice may be taken”). Further, even if the documents were properly the subject of judicial notice, judicial notice would not be appropriate because the plaintiffs did not rely on the documents in drafting the Complaint. Chambers v. Time Warner, Inc ., 282 F.3d 147, 153 (2d Cir.2002).3.  In this appeal, the plaintiffs have not specifically challenged the district court's dismissal of their state law claims, and we therefore consider any such challenge to be waived. See JP Morgan Chase Bank v. Altos Hornos de Mexico, S.A. de C.V., 412 F.3d 418, 428 (2d Cir.2005).4.  Because we affirm the district court on the basis that the plaintiffs failed to allege a plausible geographic market, we do not decide whether the plaintiffs also failed to allege an antitrust violation or an antitrust injury.5.  As an initial matter, the plaintiffs claim to have alleged that the defendants committed a per se violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act by engaging in “a group boycott” and a “refusal to deal,” which relieves the plaintiffs from the requirement of demonstrating a market-wide anticompetitive effect. A per se violation involves conduct “so plainly harmful to competition and so obviously lacking in any redeeming pro-competitive values that [it is] ‘conclusively presumed illegal without further examination.’ “ Capital Imaging Assocs., P.C. v. Mohawk Valley Med. Assocs., Inc., 996 F.2d 537, 542 (2d Cir.1993) (quoting Broadcast Music, Inc. v. CBS, 441 U.S. 1, 8 (1979)). We agree with the district court that the plaintiffs have failed to allege a per se violation of the Sherman Act. See Concord Assocs., 2014 WL 1396524, at *11.HALL, Circuit Judge:



















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Fri Jul 28 08:05:30 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.























US Court Cases: Find US Opinions at FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference





















FindLaw
Caselaw
United States



Browse United States Courts

District of Columbia Court of Appeals.
Judicial Conference of the United States Committee on Judicial Conduct and Disability.
Judicial Council of the District of Columbia Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Eighth Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Ninth Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Second Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Seventh Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Tenth Circuit.
United States Bankruptcy Appellate Panel
United States DC Circuit
United States Eighth Circuit
United States Eleventh Circuit
United States Federal Circuit
United States Fifth Circuit
United States First Circuit
United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court
United States Fourth Circuit
United States Judicial Conference Committee
United States Ninth Circuit
United States Second Circuit
United States Seventh Circuit
United States Sixth Circuit
United States Supreme Court
United States Tenth Circuit
United States Third Circuit


















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Fri Jul 28 08:05:31 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.























US 2nd Circuit Opinions and Cases | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference





















FindLaw
Caselaw
United States
US 2nd Cir.


United States Second Circuit Cases
Welcome to FindLaw's searchable database of United States Second Circuit decisions since January 1995.  
    FindLaw offers a free 
RSS feed for this court. We also maintain an archive of 
    Opinion Summaries from September 2000 to the Present. 
    Cases are browsable by date and searchable by docket number, case title, and full text. 




Party Name Search
Free Text Search
Search by Docket Number
	        
Browse by Court







 
SEARCHING US 2nd Circuit




Party name: 


 


Date Range: 


                      to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 












 
SEARCHING US 2nd Circuit




Text: 






Date Range: 


                      to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 














 
SEARCHING US 2nd Circuit




Docket Number:






Date Range: 

                        to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 










Federal Courts
United States Supreme Court
1st Circuit Court of Appeals
2nd Circuit Court of Appeals
3rd Circuit Court of Appeals
4th Circuit Court of Appeals
5th Circuit Court of Appeals
6th Circuit Court of Appeals
7th Circuit Court of Appeals
8th Circuit Court of Appeals
 9th Circuit Court of Appeals
10th Circuit Court of Appeals
11th Circuit Court of Appeals
D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals
D.C. Court of Appeals
Federal Circuit Court of Appeals


State Courts
California Supreme Court
Court of Appeals of New York
Supreme Court of Texas
Supreme Court of Florida
Supreme Court of Illinois
Supreme Court of Delaware
Supreme Court of New Jersey
Supreme Court of Ohio
Supreme Court of Minnesota
Supreme Court of Colorado









Browse by Recent Decisions


Description
Date
Docket #


HECTOR FIGUEROA SEIU 32BJ CTW CLC v. COMMISSIONER HELEN FOSTER
July 25, 2017
Docket Nos. 16-1856-cv(L) 
 16-1864-cv(XAP)

TANNERITE SPORTS LLC v. NBCUNIVERSAL NEWS GROUP NBCUNIVERSAL MEDIA LLC
July 25, 2017
Docket No. 15-3485-cv

UNITED STATES v. HUERTAS
July 24, 2017
Docket No. 15-4014 
 August Term, 2016

LARYSSA JOCK JACQUELYN BOYLE CHRISTY CHADWICK LISA FOLLETT MARIA HOUSE DENISE MADDOX LISA MCCONNELL GLORIA PAGAN JUDY REED LINDA RHODES KHRISTINA RODRIGUEZ NINA SHAHMIRZADI LEIGHLA SMITH MARIE WOLF KELLY CONTRERAS DAWN SOUTO COONS v. STERLING JEWELERS
July 24, 2017
15-3947

STEPHEN KASS v. CITY OF NEW YORK MICHAEL ALFIERI NYPD OFFICER SHIELD 800 ERNST NEW YORK CITY POLICE NYPD OFFICER NYPD OFFICER JANE BEGGIN NYPD OFFICER JOHN DOE NYPD OFFICER MEREDITH BIGGIN
July 24, 2017
No. 15-2053-cv



View more decisions »





Browse United States Second Circuit Opinions

Browse opinions by calendar year:


2017

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2016

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2015

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2014

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2013

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC


View more years »


















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Fri Jul 28 08:05:31 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.





