


























EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, W1F 8JB 30 BROADWICK STREET Financial Information






































EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP








EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP


















Home
EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP













Address
 
EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP


3RD FLOOR

30 BROADWICK STREET

LONDON

W1F 8JB
(58 companies also use this postcode)







Legal Information

Company Registration No.:
LP016612


Incorporation Date:

27 Apr 2015
 (2 Years old)



Financial Year End:

00-00




Showing only partial company information:
Load full details Now!







Map













Notices published in the Gazette
5 Apr 2017
LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS ACT 1907
PANTHEON EUROPE FUND VI, L.P.
REGISTERED IN SCOTLAND NUMBER SL006143
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to Section 10 of the Limited
Partnerships Act 1907, that LONDON PENSIONS FUND AUTHORITY
has transferred its entire interest in PANTHEON EUROPE FUND VI,
L.P. a limited partnership registered in Scotland with number
SL006143 (the “Partnership”) to LPPI PE US INVESTMENTS (NO.1)
LP. LONDON PENSIONS FUND AUTHORITY has ceased to be a
limited partner of the Partnership. LPPI PE US INVESTMENTS (NO.1)
LP has been admitted as a limited partner of the Partnership.
CONNECTION RIVERSIDE PENTAGON LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
(the Partnership)
(Registered No. LP016342)
Pursuant to section 10 of the Limited Partnerships Act 1907, notice is
hereby given that on 31 March 2017:
1. Colin Edward Bradley transferred 100% of the interest held by him
in the Partnership to Sippchoice Trustees Limited as trustees of the
Sippchoice Bespoke SIPP - C E Bradley - 1574; and
2. Manuela Gerda Margarete Heise transferred 100% of the interest
held by her in the Partnership to Sippchoice Trustees Limited as
trustees of the Sippchoice Bespoke SIPP - C E Bradley-1574.
Signed on behalf of Connection Riverside Pentagon (General Partner)
LLP as General Partner of the Partnership
GRAPHITE CAPITAL PARTNERS VI 'D'
(Registered No. LP008628)
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to section 10 of the Limited
Partnerships Act 1907, that Wilshire Private Markets Japan Master
Fund I, LP (the "Transferor") has transferred 100 percent of its interest
in Graphite Capital Partners VI 'D', an English limited partnership with
registered number LP008628 (the "Partnership"), to Graphite Capital
Founder Partner VI. As a result, with effect from 30 March 2017,
Graphite Capital Founder Partner VI has become a limited partner in
the Partnership.
For and on behalf of
Graphite Capital Partners VI 'D'
DALMORE INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENTS 3 LP
(the “Partnership”)
(REGISTERED IN ENGLAND NO. LP017941)
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to section 10 of the Limited
Partnerships Act 1907, that on 27 March 2017 (the “Effective Date”)
Dalmore GP Holdings Limited (registered number 07493566) (the
“Assignor”) transferred all its right, title and interest in the Partnership
to Dalmore Capital 19 GP Limited (registered number 10657221) in its
capacity as general partner of the Partnership. Accordingly, on the
Effective Date the Assignor ceased to be a limited partner of the
Partnership.
Maclay Murray & Spens LLP
instructed by the general partner of the Partnership, Dalmore Capital
19 GP Limited
EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
(a limited partnership registered in England and Wales with number
LP016612, the "Partnership")
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to:
(i) section 36(2) of the Partnerships Act 1890, that, on 2 June 2015,
EQT Services (General Partner) Limited retired as the general partner
of the Partnership and assigned 100% of its rights, title and interest in
the Partnership to EQT Real Estate I (General Partner) LP; and
(ii) section 10 of the Limited Partnerships Act 1907, that, on 30 March
2017, EQT Services (General Partner II) Limited transferred 100% of
its rights, title and interest in the Partnership to EQT Real Estate I
(General Partner) LP and, accordingly, EQT Services (General Partner
II) Limited ceased to be a limited partner of the Partnership.
Signed by: Jason Howard
Signed by: Robert Bradburn
Title: Directors
for and on behalf of EQT Real Estate Limited,
as general partner of EQT Real Estate I (General Partner) LP,
as general partner of the Partnership
30 March 2017
Source Document




Unclaimed Domain Names for this Company's Website
The following domain names appear to be available to register, if this is your company you should claim the domain names before your competitors register them.

www.eqtrealestateilimitedpartnership.co.uk

Register at GoDaddy


www.ereip.co.uk

Register at Domain.com


www.ereip.com

Register at GoDaddy


www.eqtrealestateilimitedpartnership.com

Register at GoDaddy


www.eqtrealestateilimitedpartnership.net

Register at GoDaddy


www.ereip.net

Register at GoDaddy


www.ereip.org

Register at GoDaddy


Company Annual Accounts


Full account information hasn't been loaded:
Load full details now!





Do you do business with this company?
Receive a free
alert email
if there are any changes to this company, such as a change of address or new financial documents become available
Is this your company?

Is the information we hold correct?


Provide a short description about your company
Add a Trading Name & Address
Add your phone numbers
Add a link to your Website
Free!



Update Company Information




Do you want total editorial control of this page?


Add your own company information
Remove public financial information
Remove advertising
Change the information instantly and as often as you like



Enhanced Listing








Monitor Company

Receive an alert email on changes to financial status
Early indications of liquidity problems
Warns when company reporting is overdue
Free service, no spam emails

Monitor Now







Companies With Same Post Code

GENIX SUPPLIES LTD
HELICOPTER GRAFIX LIMITED
MISSION CONTROL EFX LIMITED
DPM(FLM) LIMITED
SELLAVISION LIMITED
More...


Activity
This company viewed 1 time in the last few years







































 













 













 







EQT Real Estate I (No.2) Limited Partnership - Pooled Investment Fund- Bradburn  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









EQT Real Estate I (No.2) Limited Partnership

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    15 Golden Square  
    London, X0, W1F 9JGPhone: 44(0) 207 430 5510 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-15


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-12-15


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Robert Bradburn 
 Director 


 Lorna Collings 
 Director 


 Not Applicable Eqt Real Estate I (General Partner) Lp 
 Promoter 


 Not Applicable Eqt Services (Uk) Limited 
 Promoter 


 Jason Michael Howard 
 Director 


 Anne Sheedy 
 Director 













EQT - A passion for developing companies





























EN


DE


CN












Developing companies across the globe







 A responsible investor and owner
EQT is a leading alternative investments firm with approximately EUR 37 billion in raised capital across 24 funds. EQT funds have portfolio companies in Europe, Asia and the US with total sales of more than EUR 19 billion and approximately 110,000 employees.

Read about portfolio company development, trends in various markets and sectors, and gain more insight into what EQT is all about. 

 ELEVATE: Creative solutions to societal problems



A sustainable approach can make perfect business sense. Just look at Hong Kong-based business risk and sustainability specialist ELEVATE - since EQT Mid Market invested in 2016, the company has expanded significantly and recently acquired CSR Asia. 
Read more
 EQT closes its first real estate fund



Investing in value-add real estate assets with a focus on repositioning high-yielding properties in gateway cities in Europe

Read more
 New additions to the I-MED network



Further growth in Australia has been on the I-MED agenda since EQT Mid Market entered as owner. Now, the company takes another big leap forward with two strategic acquisitions.
Read more
 Is due diligence becoming a dying art?



Don’t miss out on EQT Credit's insights regarding best practice for due diligencing in the credit sphere
Read more
  EQT Annual Review 2016 now available



EQT publishes its ninth consecutive edition of the Annual Review - covering the past 18 months of the firm’s and funds’ activities
Read more



 

Supporting growth

                Having a long-term and responsible approach to ownership is EQT’s way of creating value for investors, in portfolio companies and to society at large. EQT invests in good companies with a mission to achieve sustainable growth, operational excellence and market leadership - we call it “future proofing” companies.
            



















Eqt Real Estate I No 2 Limited Partnership - Company & Directors Information (UK)














UK Corporate Information













COMPANIES
PEOPLE












HomeCompany SearchDirector Search












HomeCompany SearchDirector SearchCompany by Zip Code










Eqt Real Estate I No 2 Limited Partnership
15 Golden Square  London  W1F 9JG


OVERVIEW - EQT REAL ESTATE I NO 2  PARTNERSHIPOWNERSHIPLATEST NEWSCONTACT DETAILS









Eqt Real Estate I No 2 Limited Partnership




Eqt Real Estate I No 2 Limited Partnership was incorporated in United Kingdom 2 year ago on Monday 27 April 2015 having Corporate Identification Number as LP016612 and having its registered office located in . Eqt Real Estate I No 2 Limited Partnership has over  according to the latest annual return filed by the company with Registrar of Companies in United KingdomEqt Real Estate I No 2 Limited Partnership is an LIMITED PARTNERSHIP company classified as  in UK Standard Industrial Classification of Economic Activities and There are currently no charges reported against the company recently.The company last annual returns information is not available at the moment and its accounts are are made up to NA the next accounts made up to NA are due by NA.
                    














Key Data of Eqt Real Estate I No 2  Partnership



Company Name

Eqt Real Estate I No 2 Limited Partnership



Name Variation

Eqt Real Estate I No 2  Partnership



Status


active




Company Classification (SIC)





Company Number

LP016612



Incorporation Date

Monday 27 April 2015



Company Age

2 Years



Accounts

Next Accounts made up to NA due by NA




Previous Accounts made up to NA



Annual Returns


                                    NA



Charges

No Charges Reported



Jurisdiction

England Wales



Insolvency History

Eqt Real Estate I No 2 Limited Partnership has no Insolvency/Bankruptcy History



Annual Turnover

NA














Contact Details



Registered Address

15 Golden Square
                                    
London
                                    
W1F 9JG
                                    



Country

United Kingdom (UK)



Telephone

-



Email

-



Website

-





People - Role Summary





People - Nationality Summary





People - Appointment Year Summary












Directors / Owners


Hey, Currently no one is holding any position in this company.



View All 0 People >










Eqt Real Estate I No 2 Limited Partnership - Latest News


There is no news currently available related to Eqt Real Estate I No 2 Limited Partnership at the moment.



Site2Corp uses advanced algorithms to keep the information about Eqt Real Estate I No 2  Partnership up-to-date and track each of their moves from Financial Insights to Ownership Insights. Although we cannot guarantee its accuracy.




Site2Corp - United Kingdom (UK)
Company Search
Director Search
Company By Zip Code
Insights
Company Statistics

Help
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy

Looking for Companies In ?


India (IN)
United Kingdom (UK)




Copyright © 2016 Site2Corp










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Eqt Real Estate I (No.1) Limited Partnership: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:11 AM ET

Company Overview of Eqt Real Estate I (No.1) Limited Partnership



Snapshot People




Company Overview



15 Golden SquareLondon,  W1F 9JGUnited Kingdom










Key Executives for Eqt Real Estate I (No.1) Limited Partnership


Eqt Real Estate I (No.1) Limited Partnership does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "A T Promotions Limited Europe &&& Creative Ltd Europe (aq) Limited Europe (Dargan Road) Limited Europe (M K P) Maine Office Ltd Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Eqt Real Estate I (No.1) Limited Partnership, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - Free Company Check































UK COMPANIES LISTFind, check and analyze companies data









Find company: 



















0DOCs






Number of documents in the cart:

0



Price of documents:

£ 0.00
































checkout




Empty cart
















watch this company




Free company watchdog service



Enter your email:









    							Track all the changes in the company EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP for free.
    							You will learn immediately about the appointment and dismissal of directors,
    							about the new company documents, bankruptcy or liquidation of the Company.
    							Watchdog service can be cancelled any time.
    						







EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

		Learn more about EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP.
        Check the company's details for free and view the Companies House information, company documents and list of directors.
	

UK
					 - England
					 - Greater London
					 - City of Westminster
					 - West End
					 - West End - W1F 9






Info
Accounts
Returns
Mortgages
Company documents
Company directors and board members









Company details 


					15 GOLDEN SQUARE, LONDON, W1F 9JG

									

EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP on the map
 












Company type: Limited Partnership 
Company number: LP016612 
Company status: Active 


				country of origin: United Kingdom 

									incorporation date: 2015.04.27
																has UK establishment:  No   
				has appointments:  No   

				in liquidation:  No  





					
						Company EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
						is a Limited Partnership,
						registration number LP016612, established in United Kingdom
						on the 27. April 2015.
					
											The company is now active.
					

																		The company has been in business for
						
						2 years						and						3 months.
					

					

																		The company is based on 15 GOLDEN SQUARE, LONDON, W1F 9JG.
											
					
											There are 2 company documents available.
																					The most recent document is " 1 GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED. 1 GENERAL PARTNER CEASED TO BE GENERAL PARTNER. A TRANSFER OF INTERESTS. GENERAL PARTNER RESIGNED:EQT SERVICES (GENERAL PARTNER) LIMITED. GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED:GP LP." from the 2015.06.16.
																			
																													
																													
											We do not have any information about the company EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP being in liquidation.
					
					
					Data on this page were generated on the 2017.07.28.

					We can inform you about other changes with the "watch this company". 
				












Accounts:


																								overdue: NO 
																account category: NO ACCOUNTS FILED 
								documents available: 1 















Returns:


																overdue: NO 
																documents available: 1 




















List of company documents:





buy all documents

                        Find out more information about EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP. Our website makes it possible to view other available documents related to EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP.
                        You have at your disposal scanned copies of official documents submitted by the company at Companies House. These documents may
                        contain Accounts, Annual Returns, Director appointments, Director resignations, administration and liquidation events,
                        registered office changes, strike off actions, charges and more.
                    



£2.95
Add to cart




 1 GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED. 1 GENERAL PARTNER CEASED TO BE GENERAL PARTNER. A TRANSFER OF INTERESTS. GENERAL PARTNER RESIGNED:EQT SERVICES (GENERAL PARTNER) LIMITED. GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED:GP LP. 
Form type: LP6 Date: 2015.06.16 

£2.95
Add to cart




1 GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED, 1 LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED AND THE TOTAL AMOUNT CONTRIBUTED IS 10 GBP. GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED:EQT SERVICES (GENERAL PARTNER) LIMITED. LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED:EQT SERVICES (GENERAL PARTNER II) LIMITED. 
Form type: LP5 Date: 2015.04.27 Child documents:

Document type: ANNOTATION
Date: 2015.04.27
Form type: CERT12
Document description: LIMITED PARTNERSHIP







Know about every new company document that is added!
                    Take advantage of our watch this company feature free of charge and have notifications sent directly to your inbox.
                    Whenever a new document appears on this website, or if their particulars change, you will be immediately
                    informed about such changes. To monitor these changes, all you need to do is click on watch this company.
                





















Companies near to EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP


INSIDE TRACK 1 LLP - 15 GOLDEN SQUARE, LONDON, W1F 9JG
			

GR8 POP TRADING LTD. - 15 GOLDEN SQUARE, LONDON, W1F 9JG
			

TUDOR FILMS LLP - 15 GOLDEN SQUARE, LONDON, W1F 9JG
			

AUBURN ENTERTAINMENT LLP - 15 GOLDEN SQUARE, LONDON, W1F 9JG
			

EQT CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES III EMPLOYEE CO-INVESTMENT LP - 15 GOLDEN SQUARE, LONDON, W1F 9JG
			

TAURUS FILM PARTNER 1 LIMITED - 15 GOLDEN SQUARE, LONDON, W1F 9JG
			

POSEIDON FILM PARTNER 2 LIMITED - 15 GOLDEN SQUARE, LONDON, W1F 9JG
			

BASS DRIVERS LIMITED - 15 GOLDEN SQUARE, LONDON, W1F 9JG
			

VERMILION FILM PARTNERS 3 LLP - 15 GOLDEN SQUARE, LONDON, W1F 9JG
			

CALLISTO MOON LIMITED - 15 GOLDEN SQUARE, LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, W1F 9JG
			

VIENNA FILM PARTNER 2 LIMITED - 15 GOLDEN SQUARE, LONDON, W1F 9JG
			

AUREM LIMITED - 15 GOLDEN SQUARE, LONDON, W1F 9JG
			

INGENIOUS CLEAN ENERGY (MIDCO) LIMITED - 15 GOLDEN SQUARE, LONDON, W1F 9JG
			

BARMBY POWER LIMITED - 15 GOLDEN SQUARE, LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, W1F 9JG
			

ZEUS FILMS LLP - 15 GOLDEN SQUARE, LONDON, W1F 9JG
			




    Information about the Limited Partnership EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP has been prepared for information purposes only. It is not intended to be nor does it constitute legal advice. This is public information provided by the official company register.



	Date of last update: 2016.12.04.
			
			Reload the data



























	        		        	© companies list, companieslist.co.uk provides public information about business subjects in the UK
					
					
					
					
					
				
disclamer |
					listing policy |
					contact |
					FAQ








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - Filing history (free information from Companies House)













































Skip to main content








            Companies House
          









BETA
This is a trial service — your feedback(link opens a new window) will help us to improve it.



Sign in / Register



Search for companies or officers



Search for a company or officer

Search
Please press ENTER to search
 
 






 
 


EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

            Company number
            LP016612



Follow this company
                    





Company Overview for EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP (LP016612)


 Filing history for EQT REAL ESTATE I (NO.2) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP (LP016612)

 




Filter by category


Show filing type





Confirmation statement filters


                                    Accounts
                                


                                    Capital
                                


                                    Charges
                                




                                    Confirmation statements / Annual returns
                                


                                    Incorporation
                                


                                    Officers
                                








Company Results (links open in a new window)


                Date (document was filed at Companies House)


                Type
            

                Description (of the document filed at Companies House)


                    View / Download (PDF file, link opens in new window)




04 Jul 2017                

LP6                


1 LIMITED partner appointed. Increase in contribution. LIMITED partner appointed:LM fund LP.
                





22 May 2017                

LP6                


Place of business changed from 15 golden square, london, W1F 9JG.
                


View PDF
(
Place of business changed from 15 golden square, london, W1F 9JG.
 - link opens in a new window )
                         (2 pages)




07 Apr 2017                

LP6                


2 LIMITED partners appointed. 1 LIMITED partner ceased to be LIMITED partner. Increase in contribution. A transfer of interests. LIMITED partner appointed:STRATEGIC partners real estate vi investments LP (series a). LIMITED partner appointed:EQT real estate I investments LIMITED PARTNERSHIP. More partners available on image.
                


View PDF
(
2 LIMITED partners appointed. 1 LIMITED partner ceased to be LIMITED partner. Increase in contribution. A transfer of interests. LIMITED partner appointed:STRATEGIC partners real estate vi investments LP (series a). LIMITED partner appointed:EQT real estate I investments LIMITED PARTNERSHIP. More partners available on image.
 - link opens in a new window )
                         (4 pages)




16 Jun 2015                

LP6                


1 general partner appointed. 1 general partner ceased to be general partner. A transfer of interests. General partner resigned:EQT services (general partner) LIMITED. General partner appointed:GP LP.
                


View PDF
(
1 general partner appointed. 1 general partner ceased to be general partner. A transfer of interests. General partner resigned:EQT services (general partner) LIMITED. General partner appointed:GP LP.
 - link opens in a new window )
                         (3 pages)




27 Apr 2015                

LP5                


1 general partner appointed, 1 LIMITED partner appointed and the total amount contributed is 10 gbp. General partner appointed:EQT services (general partner) LIMITED. LIMITED partner appointed:EQT services (general partner ii) LIMITED.
        


                    CERT12 ‐
                
Certificate of registration of a Limited Partnership





View PDF
(
1 general partner appointed, 1 LIMITED partner appointed and the total amount contributed is 10 gbp. General partner appointed:EQT services (general partner) LIMITED. LIMITED partner appointed:EQT services (general partner ii) LIMITED.
        


                    CERT12 ‐
                
Certificate of registration of a Limited Partnership


 - link opens in a new window )
                         (3 pages)








 


Is there anything wrong with this page?

Thank you, your submission has been accepted





Help us improve the Companies House service

Your submission has not been successful, please try again


Is there anything wrong with this page?

What is wrong with this page?
For example, information is missing or incorrect.



What is your name? (optional) 



What is your email address? (optional) 
























BBB Business Profile | LegalZoom.com






























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Legal Forms
 > 
LegalZoom.com














BBB Accredited Business Profile



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








LegalZoom.com



Request a Quote

































LegalZoom.com






            Business Information
        






(323) 962-8600

LegalZoom.com
18 years in business

        101 N Brand Blvd 11th Fl
        Glendale, CA 91203-2639
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (800) 773-0888
                        

                            (888) 791-0227
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                Business Started: 07/12/1999


                Business Incorporated: 02/08/2007 in DE





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Chyna Smith, Social Media Manager
                






            Business Category
        


                Legal Forms
            




                            Legal Services Plans
                        

                            Divorce Assistance
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories









            Alternate Business Names
        


                    LegalZoom.Com, Inc.
                







                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
            


                    Number of Employees: 
                
                600
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            







        Request a Quote
    





Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























LegalZoom.com






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                LegalZoom.com
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 11/01/2001










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    





94%




[2] Positive Reviews



[0] Neutral Reviews



[31] Negative Reviews



[33] Total Customer Reviews
                        





[263] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        LegalZoom.com has received 3.76 out of 5 stars based on 33 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        









        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





















 










	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































