




Equity Production Fund I, LP - Oil and Gas- Buquoi  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Equity Production Fund I, LP

      Industry: Oil and Gas
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    7000 Parkwood Blvd. Suite E200 
    Frisco, TX, 75034Phone: 469-353-2188 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-14


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06c


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Michael Buquoi 
 Executive 


 Jef Fuller 
 Executive 


 Tyson S Mathews 
 Executive 


 Jeremy W Pledger 
 Executive 


 Scott Tyson 
 Executive 































 



 Speyside Equity Fund I LP Acquires All of the Assets of Avon Gear Company 
         










    










 













 











 



















Speyside Equity Fund I LP Acquires All of the Assets of Avon Gear Company
        																																												
              
















 News provided by
Speyside Equity  
May 25, 2017, 15:30 ET









 Share this article




























































SHELBY TOWNSHIP, Mich., May 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Speyside Equity Fund I LP announces the acquisition of Avon Gear Company, located in Shelby Township, MI.  The transaction was completed on 5/17/2017. 








Avon Gear designs and produces large, complex, precision parts for heavy equipment industries in North America and beyond.  The company collaboratively engineers and provides the part solution that maximizes long term reliability, durability and overall cost effectiveness as a Tier 1 supplier to OEMs.  Avon Gear Company was founded in 1974 and moved to its current 110,000 square foot facility in Shelby Township, MI in 2008.
Jeffrey Stone, Managing Director for Speyside, commented: "Avon has a long track record in the gear machining business. The current environment for Avon's end markets is improving which provides an opportunity for growth."
About Speyside Equity
Formed in 2005, Speyside Equity employs an operationally intensive approach to investing in manufacturing, specialty chemicals and food ingredients businesses. Speyside targets companies with a history of strong revenue, a defensible position in their respective markets, and a core group of managers that can move the business forward. Speyside prefers situations where there are opportunities to leverage its operating expertise to improve financial performance and create sustainable long-term value.
Since its formation, Speyside has successfully executed numerous platform investments and add-on acquisitions using its own capital. The team made its first investment in Sweet Ovations, a food ingredient company, in 2005 and had its first exit in 2010 when it sold Stahl Specialty Company. This principal-driven investment philosophy and approach has continued in its $130 million institutional fund closed in January 2016, Speyside Equity Fund I LP. To date, Speyside has executed 11 platform investments since closing the fund. 
http://www.speysideequity.com 
Jeffrey A. StoneManaging Directorjeffrey.stone@speysideequity.com 212.994.0308 x204
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/speyside-equity-fund-i-lp-acquires-all-of-the-assets-of-avon-gear-company-300464214.html
SOURCE Speyside Equity
 Related Links

http://speysideequity.com



 


















May 25, 2017, 15:26 ET
Preview: Speyside Equity Fund I LP Acquires McGregor & Thompson Hardware Ltd.








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











May 25, 2017, 15:26 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Speyside Equity Fund I LP Acquires McGregor & Thompson Hardware...








 











May 25, 2017, 15:15 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Speyside Equity Fund I LP Acquires Shanahan's Holdings Ltd.





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Construction & Building
  Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy
  Machinery
  Mining & Metals
Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers








 You just read:
Speyside Equity Fund I LP Acquires All of the Assets of Avon Gear Company


 News provided by
Speyside Equity  
May 25, 2017, 15:30 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 























 



 Speyside Equity Fund I LP Acquires Shanahan’s Holdings Ltd. 
         










    










 













 











 



















Speyside Equity Fund I LP Acquires Shanahan's Holdings Ltd.
        																																												
              
















 News provided by
Speyside Equity  
May 25, 2017, 15:15 ET









 Share this article




























































SURREY, British Columbia, May 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Speyside Equity Fund I LP announces the acquisition of Shanahan's Holdings Ltd. ("Shanahan's") which is headquartered in Surrey, British Columbia.  The transaction was completed on March 21, 2017.








Shanahan's is the largest distributor, manufacturer, and installer of hardware, hollow-metal doors and construction specialty products in Canada.  The Company is also the exclusive Canadian distributor of ABUS security products and other third-party hardware, industrial/wood doors, and washroom accessories through its Hardware Agencies and Serrubec brands.  Shanahan's has been serving the Division 8 and 10 building products market since the 1960's and has grown to include production and sales facilities in the provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario and Quebec.
Jeffrey Stone, Managing Director for Speyside, commented: "Shanahan's has a prominent reputation across Canada with its commercial, industrial, institutional and locksmith customers. Speyside will be investing in the business to maintain and further that legacy."
About Speyside Equity
Formed in 2005, Speyside Equity employs an operationally intensive approach to investing in industrial, specialty chemicals, and food ingredients businesses. Speyside targets companies with a history of strong revenue, a defensible position in their respective markets, and a core group of managers that can move the business forward. Speyside prefers situations where there are opportunities to leverage its operating expertise to improve financial performance and create sustainable long-term value.
Since its formation, Speyside has successfully executed numerous platform investments and add-on acquisitions using its own capital. The team made its first investment in Sweet Ovations, a food ingredient company, in 2005 and had its first exit in 2010 when it sold Stahl Specialty Company. This principal-driven investment philosophy and approach has continued in its $130 million institutional fund closed in January 2016, Speyside Equity Fund I LP. 
http://www.speysideequity.com 
Jeffrey A. StoneManaging Directorjeffrey.stone@speysideequity.com212.994.0308 x204
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/speyside-equity-fund-i-lp-acquires-shanahans-holdings-ltd-300464199.html
SOURCE Speyside Equity
 Related Links

http://www.speysideequity.com



 

















May 25, 2017, 15:26 ET
Preview: Speyside Equity Fund I LP Acquires McGregor & Thompson Hardware Ltd.




















May 11, 2017, 12:30 ET
Preview: Speyside Equity Fund I LP Acquires All of the Assets of Ashland Foundry and Machine Works, Inc., West Coast Stainless Products, and Dynatek Inc.








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











May 25, 2017, 15:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Speyside Equity Fund I LP Acquires All of the Assets of Avon Gear...








 











May 25, 2017, 15:26 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Speyside Equity Fund I LP Acquires McGregor & Thompson Hardware...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
  Construction & Building
  Machinery
  Mining & Metals
Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers








 You just read:
Speyside Equity Fund I LP Acquires Shanahan's Holdings Ltd.


 News provided by
Speyside Equity  
May 25, 2017, 15:15 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













  PEF3025 Quote - KKR China Growth Fund LP - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  KKR China Growth Fund LP   PEF3025:US      Inactive   PEF3025:US is inactive   USD             Fund Type   Private Equity Fund                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Fund Type   Private Equity Fund    Objective   -    Asset Class Focus   Private Equity    Geographic Focus   -    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (-) (on -)   -    Inception Date   -    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   -    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   KKR China Growth Fund LP is a 2010 venture capital fund currently investing. The Fund makes seed, early stage, late stage, multi stage, and debt venture investments in various sectors. The Fund makes investments within China.    Address  -   Phone  -   Website   -              

BP Capital Energy Equity Fund LP, I: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 28, 2017 12:43 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of BP Capital Energy Equity Fund LP, I



Snapshot People




Company Overview
The BP Capital Energy Equity Fund is a hedge fund that acquires large positions in undervalued energy companies, specifically public exploration and production. The fund was formed by the financier T. Boone Pickens.


8117 Preston RoadSuite 260Dallas, TX 75225-6321United States



Phone: 214-265-4165

Fax: 214-750-0216

www.bpcap.net







Key Executives for BP Capital Energy Equity Fund LP, I




Mr. Thomas Boone Pickens Jr.


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer, Principal, and Chairman
      


Age: 88
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact BP Capital Energy Equity Fund LP, I, please visit www.bpcap.net.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Equity Production Fund I, LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Equity Production Fund I, LP
List of persons related to the company Equity Production Fund I, LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Equity Production Fund I, LP.

CIK Number: 0001687460Company address: 7000 PARKWOOD BLVD. SUITE E200 FRISCO 75034Phone number: 469-353-2188



People related to Equity Production Fund I, LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryFuller  Jef7000 Parkwood Blvd. Suite E200FriscoTXW Pledger  Jeremy7000 Parkwood Blvd. Suite E200FriscoTXBuquoi  Michael7000 Parkwood Blvd. Suite E200FriscoTXTyson  Scott7000 Parkwood Blvd. Suite E200FriscoTXS Mathews  Tyson7000 Parkwood Blvd. Suite E200FriscoTX




Equity Production Fund I, LP on the Web
Related companiesEQUITY ADMINISTRATION SOLUTIONS INC, EQUITY BANCSHARES INC, Equity Capital Fund LLC, Equity Condo Fund LP, Equity Conduit Fund I, LP, Equity Edge Preferred Income Fund I LLC, Equity Endeavors Investment Group, LLC, EQUITY ESTATES FUND I LLC, Equity Estates Fund II, LLC, Equity Estates Fund III, LLC, Equity Estates Lone Star Fund, LLC, Equity Financial Holdings Inc., Equity for Impact L.P., Equity Fusion, LLC, Equity Group Partners, LLC












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Shawnee Oil Company Announces the Asset Acquisition of Map Oil Company, Inc. | Coral Reef Capital

























 




 















Select Page


  
 



 



 







Shawnee Oil Company Announces the Asset Acquisition of Map Oil Company, Inc.
 by Corel Reef Capital | Feb 27, 2017 | Uncategorized | 
 





New York, NY (February 27th, 2017) – Shawnee Oil Company LLC (“Shawnee” or the “Company”), a portfolio company of Coral Reef Capital, announced today that it acquired the Illinois Basin assets of Map Oil Company, Inc. (“Map Oil”). Funds for the transaction by Coral Reef’s North America E&P fund CRC Energy Fund LP. Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
Richard Marquardt, Chief Executive Officer of Shawnee, commented, “We are excited by the acquisition of Map Oil’s producing oil & gas assets. The addition of the Map Oil assets to the existing Shawnee platform strengthens our footprint in the Illinois Basin. The bolt-on adds a significant land package that affords low risk development opportunities to grow production and reserves.”
Dean Schaffer, Partner at Coral Reef, commented, “The Map Oil acquisition is a significant step in Shawnee’s growth strategy in the Illinois Basin. Through this transaction, the Company acquired high quality assets that complement our existing acreage. The consolidated company has significant field optimization potential and we look forward to the future growth potential of Shawnee.”
“Porter Hedges LLP” served as legal counsel to Coral Reef.
About Shawnee Oil Company
Shawnee Oil Company is a privately held independent oil & gas operating company owned by Coral Reef and headquartered in Carmi, Illinois. Established in 2012, Shawnee is focused on the exploitation, development and acquisition of conventional oil assets exclusively located in the Illinois Basin. With a long operating history in the region, Shawnee’s management team is dedicated to growing the Company’s asset base both organically and by way of acquisitions.
About Coral Reef Capital
Coral Reef Capital is a New York-based private investment firm that focuses exclusively on private equity investments in the natural resources sector, including oil & gas exploration and production, metals & mining, and related services. For more information, please visit www.coralreefcapital.com.
CRC Energy Fund LP is a Coral Reef managed private equity fund vehicle focused on investing in lower middle market North American upstream oil & gas opportunities primarily in conventional basins.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 



Search for:



   Recent Posts 

Shawnee Oil Company Announces the Asset Acquisition of Map Oil Company, Inc.


Coral Reef Capital Announces Investment in Krewe Energy, LLC


Coral Reef Capital Announces the Acquisition of Viola Oil & Gas Illinois Basin Assets


  Archives 
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
February 2017
January 2017
November 2016

   
 
 
 

 
 
 











