










 







EQUITY VELOCITY FUND III, LLC - Commercial- Equity Velocity  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









EQUITY VELOCITY FUND III, LLC

      Industry: Commercial
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    4653 Trueman Blvd. Suite 100 
    Hilliard, OH, 43026Phone: 614-334-7837 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-26


New


$3,400,000


$3,400,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Management, Llc Equity Velocity 
 Executive 


 Wathen Patrick 
 Executive, Promoter 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














EQUITY VELOCITY FUND III, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











EQUITY VELOCITY FUND III, LLC  Funding details


EQUITY VELOCITY FUND III, LLC Industry: CommercialCIK Number: 0001687769IRS Number: 812271666Address: 4653 TRUEMAN BLVD. SUITE 100 HILLIARD 43026Phone number: 614-334-7837



Latest news
EQUITY VELOCITY FUND III, LLC raised $3,400,000 from 15 investors on 2016-10-26.



EQUITY VELOCITY FUND III, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-26New Form D$25,000,000$3,400,000$21,600,000$50,0001506b[SEC Filing]
EQUITY VELOCITY FUND III, LLC raised $3,400,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of EQUITY VELOCITY FUND III, LLC
Key People in EQUITY VELOCITY FUND III, LLC:

Wathen PatrickManagement, LLC Equity Velocity
Similar companiesEQUITY BANCSHARES INC, Equity Service Solutions, LLC, EquityBridge Fund II, LLC, EquityBuild Financial, INc., Equity Resource Mercury Fund LP, EQUITY TRANSACTION GROUP LLC, EquityRock Residential Real Estate Opportunity Fund, L.P., Equity Optimus LLC, Equity Resource Fund 2009 Limited Partnership, Equity Long/Short Managers LLC, Equity Index Fund, a series of The PanAgora Group Trust, Equity Long/Short Managers plc








Last visited companies: Geologic Resource Fund L P, Geologic Resource Fund Ltd, Glamorgan Partners, L.P., Gresham Low Volatility Hedged Strategies Offshore, Ltd., Grosvenor Global Long /Short Equity Fund L P

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















EQUITY VELOCITY FUND III, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











EQUITY VELOCITY FUND III, LLC
List of persons related to the company EQUITY VELOCITY FUND III, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of EQUITY VELOCITY FUND III, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001687769IRS Number: 812271666Company address: 4653 TRUEMAN BLVD. SUITE 100 HILLIARD 43026Phone number: 614-334-7837



People related to EQUITY VELOCITY FUND III, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryManagement, LLC  Equity Velocity4653 Trueman Blvd. Suite 100ColumbusOHPatrick  Wathen4653 Trueman Blvd. Suite 100ColumbusOH




EQUITY VELOCITY FUND III, LLC on the Web
Related companiesEQUITY ADMINISTRATION SOLUTIONS INC, EQUITY BANCSHARES INC, Equity Capital Fund LLC, Equity Condo Fund LP, Equity Conduit Fund I, LP, Equity Edge Preferred Income Fund I LLC, Equity Endeavors Investment Group, LLC, EQUITY ESTATES FUND I LLC, Equity Estates Fund II, LLC, Equity Estates Fund III, LLC, Equity Estates Lone Star Fund, LLC, Equity Financial Holdings Inc., Equity for Impact L.P., Equity Fusion, LLC, Equity Group Partners, LLC












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















New healthcare-focused PE firm Velocity Fund Partners debuts - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































New healthcare-focused PE firm Velocity Fund Partners debuts


August 3, 2016
By Iris Dorbian



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
New healthcare-focused PE firm Velocity Fund Partners debuts
Velocity Fund Partners, a new private equity firm that targets products and healthcare services in the life sciences industry, has launched. Dr. Kenneth Melani and James M. Nolan are the founders. Also, Velocity has acquired an unidentified global contract research organization for an undisclosed amount and has made a "significant" investment in SkinJet, a skin cancer treatment provider.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Velocity Fund Partners, a new private equity firm that targets products and healthcare services in the life sciences industry, has launched. Dr. Kenneth Melani and James M. Nolan are the founders. Also, Velocity has acquired an unidentified global contract research organization for an undisclosed amount and has made a “significant” investment in SkinJet, a skin cancer treatment provider.
PRESS RELEASE
PITTSBURGH, Aug. 03, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Two accomplished CEOs – one from the health care industry and the other from the pharmaceutical field – have joined forces to launch Velocity Fund Partners, a private equity fund targeting the life sciences and health care services sector within the health care industry. Velocity also announced its first acquisition of a global contract research organization (CRO) as well as a significant investment in SkinJect, a novel method to treat skin cancer.
Kenneth Melani, M.D., the former president and CEO of Highmark Inc., and James M. Nolan, CEO of several life sciences companies, are the Partners of Velocity. The fund targets companies in the pharmaceutical, device, medical service, and diagnostics spaces.
“We focus on companies that offer a significant scientific or market advantage,” said Melani, Managing Partner of Velocity. “Our unique background in health care management can help accelerate a company’s trajectory from a commercialization and a growth perspective.” 





Velocity’s first acquisition is a global clinical CRO that it has rebranded as InClinica. Working across all phases of clinical development, InClinica claims a particular strength in assisting small and mid-sized companies entering first-in-man and phase II clinical studies. Its clinical team has led trials around the world in multiple disease states – such as oncology, inflammatory, and metabolic diseases – and medical device technologies.
Headquartered in the Valley Forge area, InClinica has locations in the U.K., Israel, Australia, and Asia. Nolan, Operating Partner of Velocity, will also serve as its CEO.
The fund also made a significant investment in SkinJect, a novel device that will treat basal and squamous cell cancer. Developed by Louis D. Falo, M.D., Ph.D., Chairman of the Dermatology Department at the University of Pittsburgh, and O. Burak Ozdoganlar, Ph.D., Professor in Mechanical Engineering and Materials Science and Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University, SkinJect is a patch that delivers a drug through dissolvable microneedles.
SkinJect will offer a simple treatment for patients and provide a cost-effective alternative to surgery. SkinJect will help patients avoid the disfigurement that often results when a basal cell is removed by scalpel in a procedure known as Mohs surgery.
“Velocity Fund Partners has launched with two very strong companies in its portfolio,” said Nolan. “We are in discussions with several other promising companies. We look forward to growing our portfolio with additional scientifically driven opportunities to which we can lend our significant management expertise and industry connections to help accelerate their growth.” 





Other members of the Velocity Fund Partners management team are: Michael Fare, who serves as Chief Operating and Technical Officer; and Joseph Donnelly, who serves as Chief Financial Officer. Fare has more than 30 years’ experience in drug discovery research and business development. Donnelly has more than 30 years of experience in the health care industry, working as both a consultant and a financial manager.
About Velocity Fund
Velocity Fund Partners is a private equity firm that targets products and healthcare services in the life sciences industry. Velocity Fund was founded in 2016 by two CEOs with diverse but complementary backgrounds in healthcare and life sciences. With a team of leaders in operations and finance, Velocity Fund seeks out life sciences companies in the pharmaceutical, device, medical service, and diagnostics spaces that offer a clear scientific advantage.

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
New healthcare-focused PE firm Velocity Fund Partners debuts
Velocity Fund Partners, a new private equity firm that targets products and healthcare services in the life sciences industry, has launched. Dr. Kenneth Melani and James M. Nolan are the founders. Also, Velocity has acquired an unidentified global contract research organization for an undisclosed amount and has made a "significant" investment in SkinJet, a skin cancer treatment provider.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














Take your pick!

Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.
VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. 
 









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

 


































Velocity Fund – Velocity







































Skip to content














Toggle navigation visibility










The Velocity Fund
The Velocity Fund is a grant program for startups that offers $375,000 in equity-free funding each year to local startups through its Velocity Fund $25K and Velocity Fund $5K programs at the University of Waterloo.
Velocity is committed to providing funding in a way that is useful to startups by incorporating application, interview, and pitch experience into its funding program.

Each year Velocity hosts three pitch competitions where the Velocity Fund awards $125,000 to winners.

Velocity Fund $25K
Every four months, startups can apply to compete for one of four $25,000 prizes. The top applicants are invited to interview with a panel of Velocity leaders and alumni, and the top 10 are invited to present their pitches at the Velocity Fund Finals.

Hardware $10K
An additional prize of $10,000 is awarded to the most innovative hardware winner at the Velocity Fund Finals.

Velocity Fund $5K
Students with innovative ideas are invited to pitch at the Velocity Fund $5K Qualifiers, held each term. Up to 40 teams pitch over two nights to a panel of judges from the local startup community. The top 10 are invited to pitch at the Velocity Fund Finals for their chance to win one of three $5,000 prizes.

Velocity takes no equity and no intellectual property in return for the grant. Our reward is helping to build amazing and successful companies.
The Velocity Fund was established in 2011, inspired by a donation of $1 million from Kik founder and Velocity Residence alumnus Ted Livingston, who was 23 years old at the time. In December 2013, Velocity received a donation from the founders of BufferBox, Mike McCauley, Jay Shah and Aditya Bali to encourage the creation of a hardware award given the additional costs to build successful hardware startups. In March 2014, Velocity received a donation of $1 million from renowned Waterloo Region angel investor Mike Stork.

Velocity Fund Finals
The Velocity Fund Finals is an action-packed day, with $125,000 in prizes awarded to seven startups.
The event starts with the Velocity Fund $5K, where 10 University of Waterloo students from any discipline who qualified at our $5K Qualifiers, pitch their ideas to hundreds of spectators for the chance to take home one of three $5,000 prizes to help bring their idea to life and build a business.
Following the Velocity Fund $5K, Velocity presents the Velocity Fund $25K event. Ten tech startups will pitch their ideas for the chance to win one of four $25,000 prizes, while the top hardware or science company will win an additional $10,000. Each winning startup will also win $5K in intellectual property services from PCK. Connections, credibility and much-needed capital — key components of start-up success — are on the line when entrepreneurs compete in the Velocity Fund Finals.

Throughout the day, attendees can meet the Velocity Fund finalists and see product demos. Join us for a fast-paced, jam-packed event with unlimited value and entertainment for the attendees. We even provide free lunches so you can refuel and be ready to roll for the second half of the event.

Velocity Fund $5K
Criteria
In order to qualify for the Velocity Fund $5K, a University of Waterloo student from any faculty must make a 3-minute pitch in front of a panel of judges at one of two $5K Qualifiers. These $5K Qualifiers provide an informal pitching environment complete with full stage and microphone.
The top five teams from both nights are selected to participate in the Velocity Fund Finals, where they can compete for one of three $5,000 prizes, which are awarded by our panel of judges.
Winners of the Velocity Fund $5K must incorporate to receive the funding.
VF $5K Important Dates


October 16, 2017 – Written applications open
November 5, 2017 at 11:59pm – Written applications due
November 15, 2017 – $5K Qualifier – Night 1
November 16, 2017 – $5K Qualifier – Night 2
November 30, 2017 – Velocity Fund Finals $5K


Velocity Fund $25K
Criteria:

Your team must have at least one co-founder who is currently, or has been, a University of Waterloo student, who owns at least 20% of the company. This individual must have been a continuing full-time student, or completed their degree, within 24 months of the application deadline.
Products must be tech-based and core to the company’s business model, but we do not require it to be aimed at any particular sector. Past Velocity Fund $25K winners have had varied business models, from parcel delivery (BufferBox), to ad placements on escalator handrails (Weston Expressions).
You are not eligible to apply if your startup has received more than $75,000 in external investment (convertible debt, equity, etc.), including government grants (e.g. OCE SmartStart).
All teams will be required to sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) covering the basic terms associated with the funding provided by the Velocity Fund. These terms do not restrict your company in terms of what you can spend the money on, but rather focus on the mechanisms for obtaining the money, including: incorporating, setting up IP assignments, setting up a bank account, etc.

STAGE 1: Written Submission
You will be required to submit information before the deadline that provides a general outline of your business, including the name, product concept, market opportunity and team profile. Written submissions will be judged based on their clarity, problem statement, and size of the market opportunity.
The team profile is particularly important. It should include how well your team works together, how your skills will complement each other, and how passionate you are about the problem you’re solving.
STAGE 2: Interview
If your team is chosen based on your written submission, you will be granted an interview. All interviews are 15 minutes in length and will include two key components: a three-minute pitch and 10 minutes of rapid-fire questions from the judges. You will be expected to answer questions from the judges about your business model, team composition, market, challenges, and ability to execute.
Your three-minute pitch should include the following elements:

Problem
Solution and demo (if any)
Market and size
Traction (if any)
Team

Please come with a product demo, if possible, so that we can see how you plan on executing on your vision. If your product does not have a demo, be prepared to outline exactly how you see it working.
STAGE 3: Velocity Fund Finals
If you have a successful interview, you will be asked to participate in the Velocity Fund Finals $25K in front of more than 500 live attendees and global livestream viewers. You will be given three minutes to pitch your business to independent judges, based on the high-level pitch provided in Stage 2.
The winners will be chosen based on how they meet the criteria during the interviews (evaluated by one set of judges) and how they meet the criteria during the pitches at the Velocity Fund Finals (evaluated by a different set of judges). The two scores, each weighted at 50%, will be used to form the final results.
VF $25K Important Dates

October 16, 2017 – Written applications open
November 5, 2017 at 11:59pm – Written applications due
November 10, 2017 – Company Interviews
November 30, 2017 –  Velocity Fund Finals $25K


Sponsors
Thank you to our generous sponsors.
Presenting Sponsor:

Thomson Reuters provides professionals with the intelligence, technology and human expertise they need to find trusted answers in the financial and risk, legal, tax and accounting, and media markets. The new Thomson Reuters Toronto Technology Centre will create 1,500 high-quality technology jobs in Canada and accelerate research for cognitive computing, visualization, UX, and cloud development.
Supporting Sponsor:



Velocity Fund Questions
Q: What types of companies are eligible to apply to the VF $25K competition?
A: We are focused on technology companies (software, hardware, science, and social impact businesses) that use technology as a core aspect of their business, such that the business is not possible without that technology. Service companies such as consulting businesses are not eligible.
Q: Why does Velocity focus on tech companies?
Growth – startups should be focused on growth as the primary objective, and it is the search for a business that can grow at astounding rates that drive startups. Read Paul Graham’s essay on growth.
Expertise – The University of Waterloo is well-known around the world for being able to build incredibly talented people with tech skills from a variety of programs. We want to leverage those skills, and a passion for solving different problems, to help those students build their own companies.
Ecosystem – the local community has cultivated an amazing ecosystem that supports tech companies, including organizations like Communitech, the Accelerator Centre, and others. Although Velocity provides a ton of great services, it is critical that we also leverage the support of other programs.
Q: What’s the difference between the Velocity Fund $5K and $25K?
A: The $5K focuses on early stage startups still cutting their teeth in the startup world. As an individual or as part of a small team, these students want to gain experience pitching and receive feedback from the greater startup community. Any Waterloo student from any faculty can showcase their work at the Velocity Fund $5K event, once they have qualified, by winning a finalist slot at one of our $5K Qualifiers.
The goal of Velocity Fund $25K is to help a team get their business started. The business must be tech-based and a working prototype is strongly encouraged, to help demonstrate your ability to execute. When a team wins they should have a fully formed, cohesive team ready to execute on the business.
Q: What types of companies are eligible to apply to the VF $5K competition?
A: All companies are eligible to apply to this competition. There is no general area of expertise that we require – your business can be a service or a product. In fact, you can simply pitch a great idea, without actually having the product/service finalized – it’s a great way to get feedback and experience pitching.
Q: Do you have to compete in the $5K Qualifier to participate in VF $25K?
A: You do NOT need to participate in the $5K Qualifier to be eligible for VF $25K.
Q: Can a person be part of more than one team competing for VF?
A: Yes, however, you will NOT be able to pitch for multiple teams during the Velocity Fund Finals.
Q: My company has previously won the VF $25K, can it reapply to future VF competitions?
A: No, companies that have previously won the Velocity Fund $25K are not eligible to reapply.
Q: Can I apply to the Velocity Fund again with a different idea?
A: Yes.
Q: Are all of the interviews on one day? What happens if we are unable to attend that day?
A: Yes, all interviews happen on the same day and an in-person interview is preferable. We are able to video-conference people into the interview if absolutely necessary.
Q: If I win the Velocity Fund, can I drop out of the co-op process for the upcoming term?
A: If you win the VF award and are a current co-op student going through the hiring process, you are required to honour any matches or employment commitments you have made for your co-op work term. If you are unemployed, but have attended interviews and are awaiting the results of an employment match, you must immediately contact your CECA Student Advisor if you do not wish to be matched for the position(s) in light of winning the VF award. If you do not honour your co-op employment commitments or match results, your award money will be revoked.
Q: What types of companies are eligible to apply to the VFF $10K award?
A: The top hardware will win an additional $10K in the Velocity Fund Finals $25K event. If no hardware team is selected as a winner, the top science team will be selected to win this award.

Have a question about the Velocity Fund that’s not here? Email us at velocity@uwaterloo.ca.




@UWvelocityRT @AC_Waterloo: ACORN Cryotech Head to JLABS with the Help of #ACJumpStart https://t.co/ZGsQu9IuIE @AcornBiolabs https://t.co/zzK1mTUCFL 18 hours ago




















Equity Velocity Funds - Equity LLC









































Equity







Equity Velocity Funds






Equity Velocity Funds is a family of private equity funds organized to invest in commercial real estate in the United States.  The funds are sponsored by the principals of Equity Inc. a full service real estate firm with a strong track record of successful development and leasing services.  EVF is focused on providing capital for the development and acquisition of healthcare and retail assets, as well as creative convergence of retail and healthcare in mixed use developments.  The first fund deployed capital to acquire a variety of assets.  Since start up in 2014, additional funds have been established.   Project acquisition efforts continue, along with evaluation of development opportunities that meet investment criteria.  Fund investment decisions are made by a third party investment committee.







Investment Strategy


Deal Criteria


Leadership













