










 


    Stanley Erck | Novavax , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


Stanley C Erck - Jamaica Plain, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Stanley C Erck in Jamaica Plain, MA


Stanley C Erck

                                                                           Intelius found that Stanley C Erck  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Jamaica Plain, MA.  We have connected them to
                19 addresses,
                9 phones,
                and 10 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Stanley C Erck is in his 60s

Stanley Has Lived In

Jamaica Plain, MA
Washington, DC
Watertown, MA

Stanley's Relatives

Ted Erck
Matthew Erck
Dara Erck
Elizabeth Erck







Stanley C Erck



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Professional Status
President and Chief Executive Officer at Novavax , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Stanley? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Stanley, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Stanley C Erck
Get a Criminal Check on Stanley C Erck
Get a Public Record Report on Stanley C Erck
Get a People Search Report on Stanley C Erck


Stanley C Erck's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Stanley C Erck has lived as well as Stanley C Erck's phone numbers and email addresses.




Stanley C Erck Has Lived in 7 States
Massachusetts Address for Stanley C Erck


12 R***** S* 

Jamaica Plain, MA


Has Lived In

Jamaica Plain, MA
Washington, DC


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Stanley C Erck

(617) ***-**** - Jamaica Plain, MA 
(617) ***-**** - Jamaica Plain, MA 
(970) ***-**** - Aspen, CO 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Stanley C Erck

s***k@***.com
s***k@***.com
s****1@***.com


Get Email Report




Stanley C Erck's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Stanley C Erck's academic history.  Find out which schools Stanley C Erck attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Stanley C Erck received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Stanley C Erck Has Attended 3 Schools
University of Chicago 
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign                                             
The University of Chicago - Booth School of Business               1973 – 1976               Stanley C Erck has a MBA in Economics, Finance               


Stanley C Erck's Professional Information
Information regarding Stanley C Erck's professional history.  Find out previous places Stanley C Erck has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Stanley C Erck Has Worked at 15 Places
Company: Novavax , Inc.
               Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
Company: PHT Corporation
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
Stanley C Erck's Experience
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Novavax , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $25 mil to less than $50 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500. Novavax, Inc. is a clinical stage vaccine company committed to leading the global fight against infectious diseases by creating novel, highly potent vaccines that are safer and more effective than current preventive options.
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: PHT Corporation
Job Details
               Company Size: $25 mil to less than $50 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500. Advanced Information Technology Solutions for the Pharmaceutical Industry. Pioneer in revolutionizing electronic Web data capture and control systems for managing clinical trials. PHT Corp provides pharmaceutical companies, CROs, biotechnology firms, and medical device companies with a technology-based infrastructure for the collection and processing of the data used in the development and marketing of pharmaceutical compounds.
Additional Professional Information on Stanley C Erck

 See Stanley C Erck's LinkedIn Profile



Stanley C Erck's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Stanley C Erck


Stanley C Erck's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Stanley C Erck's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Stanley Erck
Username Matches

                  StanleyErck
                  ErckStanley
                  Stanley.Erck
                  Erck.Stanley
                  Stanley_Erck
                  Erck_Stanley
                  Stanley-Erck
                  Erck-Stanley
                  SErck
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Erck







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













	Novavax Inc Announces Stanley Erck Appointed President CEO













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) Announces Stanley Erck Appointed President & CEO  











Tweet








4/20/2011 6:58:17 AM


ROCKVILLE, Md., April 19, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Novavax, Inc. (Nasdaq:NVAX - News) announced today that Stanley C. Erck, its former Executive Chairman, has been appointed to the position of President and Chief Executive Officer and will remain as a member of the Board of Directors. In addition, current Board member James Young, Ph.D., will assume the position of Chairman of the Board.

Mr. Erck has been an active member of Novavax's senior management team for the last year and has had extensive experience in the biotechnology sector and has successfully brought infectious disease product candidates into late-stage clinical trials. He also has had significant experience in managing a large advanced development contract with the Department of Health and Human Services. From 2000-2008 Mr. Erck served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Iomai Corporation, leading the company through an initial public offering and a merger with Intercell, an Austrian vaccine company. Prior to Iomai, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Procept, a publicly-traded immunology company; as Vice President-Corporate Development at Integrated Genetics (now Genzyme), and in management positions within Baxter International. Mr. Erck received his undergraduate degree from the University of Illinois and his Masters in Business Administration from the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business. Mr. Erck sits on the Board of Directors of BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, MaxCyte and MdBio Foundation.

Dr. Young, who became a Board member in April 2010, has over 30 years of experience in the fields of molecular genetics, microbiology, immunology and pharmaceutical development. He was previously President of Research and Development, including responsibility for regulatory affairs, at MedImmune where he was instrumental in the development of FluMist® and Synagis®. In 2005, Dr. Young was awarded the Albert B. Sabin Humanitarian Award. Prior to MedImmune, Dr. Young was influential in building the department of molecular genetics at Smith Kline & French Laboratories (now part of GlaxoSmithKline) and culminated as Director, Department of Molecular Genetics.

"As the Company continues its transition into a commercial operation, we are pleased to have attracted high caliber professionals such as Stan and Jim to now take the leadership roles at Novavax," commented Gary Evans, of Novavax's Board of Directors. "We expect these gentlemen will dynamically lead the Company and its vaccine candidates towards important worldwide products. Their strong leadership skills and broad experience in drug development will be invaluable to Novavax as the Company works to advance its infectious disease pipeline of virus-like particle (VLP) vaccine candidates."

"I am a strong believer in the potential of recombinant-based VLP vaccine technology and was delighted to join Novavax's Board of Directors in June 2009," commented Mr. Erck. "Today, I am honored to assume my new role and to lead Novavax in its next phase of growth, including the clinical, regulatory and business development activities that will be required to bring our vaccine candidates to potential commercialization. I also look forward to working and collaborating with the superb team of employees at Novavax as we strive to bring new medical advances with vaccines for subjects with unmet medical needs."

Mr. Evans concluded, "We would like to especially thank Dr. Rahul Singhvi for his past leadership during important and challenging phases of Novavax's growth and development. Rahul has served Novavax as its President & CEO for the past 6 years, and during that time he has been instrumental in positioning the Company for success with our VLP vaccine candidates. We all wish him nothing but the best in his future endeavors and will be anxiously watching for his next achievements."

About Novavax

Novavax, Inc. (Nasdaq:NVAX - News), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, employs its cutting-edge technology to create next-generation vaccines to prevent serious infectious diseases, such as pandemic and seasonal influenza and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). The company's proprietary VLP technology and single-use bioprocessing system enables rapid vaccine development and production where and when it's needed, worldwide. The company has formed a joint venture with Cadila Pharmaceuticals, named CPL Biologicals, to develop and manufacture vaccines, biological therapeutics and diagnostics in India. Additional information about Novavax is available on the company's website: www.novavax.com.

Forward Looking Statements

Statements herein relating to the future of Novavax and its ongoing development of its VLP vaccine products are forward-looking statements. Novavax cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. These risks and uncertainties include those identified under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Novavax Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We caution investors not to place considerable reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. You are encouraged to read our filings with the SEC, available at www.sec.gov, for a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements in this press release speak only as of the date of this document, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of the statements. Our business is subject to substantial risks and uncertainties, including those referenced above. Investors, potential investors, and others should give careful consideration to these risks and uncertainties.






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) Awarded HHS-Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) Contract Valued at up to $179 Million to Develop Pandemic and Seasonal Influenza Vaccines for U.S. Government Using Recombinant VLP Technology  Noel Doheny Appointed as New CEO of Epigenomics, Inc. Novavax, Inc. (NVAX)'s VLP Influenza Vaccine Named One of Top 100 Drugs in Development Today  Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. (FOLD) Announces Transition of CEO  Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) Presents Final Results from H1N1 Influenza Vaccine Phase 2 Trial at World Health Organization Meeting  Immunovaccine Inc. Announces Resignation of President and Chief Executive Officer  Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) Licenses Recombinant VLP Influenza Vaccine to LG Life Sciences, Ltd. for South Korea and Other Countries  Depomed, Inc. (DEPO) CEO Pelzel Resigns for Personal Reasons  Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) Licenses Recombinant VLP Influenza Vaccine to LG Life Sciences, Ltd. for South Korea and Other Countries  Roche (RHHBY) Vet Takes CEO Job at Boston’s Enlight Biosciences 




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Novavax, Inc.




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 


































            Stanley C. Erck | IMAPAC Media        



























 









Home
What We Do

Business Conferences & Trade Fairs
Executive Trainings
Market Intelligence


Who We Are

Our Philosophy
Mission, Vision & Character
Our People


How We Give

Why Education?
Our Collective Impact
Our Heart


Join us

Why work for IMAPAC
Who we need
Current openings


Contact
 Contact 

















Stanley C. Erck






Mr.Erck was named President and Chief Executive Officer of Novavax in April 2011. He became a Novavax Director in June 2009 and beginning in February 2010, served as its Executive Chairman of the Board. From 2000 to 2008, Mr. Erck was President and Chief Executive Officer of Iomai Corporation, leading the company through an initial public offering and a merger with Intercell, an Austrian vaccine company, and through the development of a late-stage infectious disease product candidate. Prior to Iomai, Mr. Erck served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Procept, a publicly traded immunology company; as Vice President, Corporate Development at Integrated Genetics (now Genzyme), and in management positions within Baxter International. Mr. Erck currently sits on the Board of Directors of BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, MaxCyte, Inc. and the MdBio Foundation. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Illinois and his Masters in Business Administration from the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business.









Upcoming Events

 
 6th Bioplasma World Asia  5 – 6 September 2017, Shanghai, China
Where Asia’s Plasma and Blood Products Industry Convene Annually
Running consecutively for 5 years, Bioplasma World Asia has firmly established itself as the most definitive and most important annual meeting place for the plasma products industry! Continuing the tradition and success of the past, this year too, the event will bring you fresh perspectives from Asian and Global experts on the industry’s most pressing topics.
.. Read More. 
 Cell Therapy World Asia 2017  19 – 20 September 2017, Seoul, South Korea
Cell Therapy World Asia 2017 is bringing together Asia’s best of best in cell therapy development and manufacturing. This will be the most targeted conference that will attract cell therapy companies in Asia to discuss and debate on best practices and innovations in this space.
.. Read More. 
 4th Annual Retirement Living & Senior Care Southeast Asia 2017  24- 26 October 2017, Kuala Lumpur,  Malaysia
Retirement Living & Senior Care Southeast Asia 2017 is tailored to bring together developers, operators, investors and service providers in the aged care sector to shape the way we view Southeast Asia’s high and middle senior housing market.


.. Read More. 
 4th Annual Retirement Living World India 2017  5 – 7 December 2017, Bengaluru, India 
4th Annual Retirement Living World India will be attended by retirement village developers, financiers, operators and aged care professionals from India and the rest of the world. It’s your one-stop solution to reach out to the region’s retirement living industry!
.. Read More. 






















NVAX Stanley C. Erck Insider Trades for Novavax Inc.


































X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Teavana shutdown by Starbucks called latest mall casualty »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Novavax Inc.

                  NASDAQ: NVAX
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Novavax Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 12:46 p.m.


NVAX

/quotes/zigman/55054/composite


$
0.92




Change

-0.10
-9.80%

Volume
Volume 9.03m
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/55054/composite
Previous close

$
			1.02
		


$
				0.92
			
Change

-0.10
-9.80%





Day low
Day high
$0.91
$1.02










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.73
        

            $8.49
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Stanley C. Erck



Mr. Stanley C. Erck is President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Novavax, Inc. and Independent Director at BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Novavax, Inc., BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc., MaxCyte, Inc., and MdBio Foundation.
Mr. Erck was previously employed as President & Chief Executive Officer by Iomai Corp., Head-Global Regulatory Affairs Vaccines by Baxter International, Inc., President & Chief Executive Officer by Procept, Inc., and Vice President-Corporate Development by Integrated Genetics, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Illinois and an MBA from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/11/2017
50,000


 
Acquisition at $0.84 per share.


42,000


03/31/2016
226,769


 
Disposition at $5.18 per share.


1,174,664


03/31/2016
201,991


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $1.28 per share.


258,548


03/30/2016
198,009


 
Disposition at $5.19 per share.


1,027,667


03/30/2016
198,009


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $1.28 per share.


253,451


01/31/2016
2,072


 
Acquisition at $4.38 per share.


9,075


07/31/2015
3,207


 
Acquisition at $2.28 per share.


7,311


01/31/2015
6,122


 
Acquisition at $2.28 per share.


13,958


07/31/2014
6,788


 
Acquisition at $2.28 per share.


15,476


03/25/2014
10,000


 
Acquisition at $4.27 per share.


42,700


01/31/2014
11,868


 
Acquisition at $2.29 per share.


27,177





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Stanley C. Erck 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Barclay A. Phillips 
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Senior VP




Dr. James F. Cummings 
VP-Clinical Development & Translational Medicine




Dr. Gregory M. Glenn 
President-Research & Development




Ms. Jill  Hoyt 
Vice President-Human Resources & Administration




Mr. Iksung  Cho 
Vice President-Biostatistics




Ms. Jody  Lichaa 
Vice President-Quality Assurance




Dr. Jeffrey  Stoddard 
Vice President-Medical Affairs




Mr. Brian  Rosen 
Vice President-Government Affairs & Policy




Dr. Cynthia N. Oliver 
Senior VP-Process Development Operations




Mr. Denise Giangola Courbron 
Vice President-Global Program Management




Mr. John J. Trizzino 
Senior Vice President-Commercial Operations




Mr. Mervyn L. Hamer 
Vice President-Manufacturing




Mr. Russell P. Wilson 
Senior Vice President-Business Development




Dr. Timothy Jon Hahn 
Senior VP-Global Manufacturing Operations




Dr. Louis F. Fries 
Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President




Dr. Rajiv Indravadan  Modi 
Director




Ms. Gail Koziara Boudreaux 
Director




Mr. John O. Marsh 
Director-Emeritus




Dr. Andrea N. Flynn 
Senior Manager-Investor Relations




Mr. John A. Herrmann 
Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Ms. Amy B. Fix 
Senior Vice President-Regulatory Affairs




Dr. James F. Young 
Chairman




Dr. Richard H. Douglas 
Independent Director




Mr. Gary C. Evans 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael A. McManus 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:46 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:41pHow Venezuela chaos could spark oil rally OPEC has failed to achieve 
12:32pWhy McCain shot down Obamacare repeal               
12:20pChip stocks are cool again, but reality is here
12:19pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
12:19pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
12:18pStarbucks’ Teavana stores are the latest casualty at the mall
12:10pWage-rebound story takes another hit after drab ECI report
12:09pWhat is an ICO?
12:06pTrump’s sketch of New York City skyline auctioned off
12:05pWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
12:02pHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
12:01pThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
12:00pStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses
11:59aWells Fargo will pay $80 million to overcharged auto loan consumers 
11:56aGold aims for third-weekly gain as dollar holds loss after GDP report
11:56aCharting a bull-trend whipsaw, Nasdaq’s key reversal fuels sector rotation (again)
11:51aA global investment strategist offers up a summer reading list to make you a better investor
11:51aThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
11:50aWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
11:49aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,799.19

+2.64
+0.01%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,376.36

-5.82
-0.09%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.87

-5.55
-0.22%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Stanley C. Erck - President & Chief Executive Officer at Novavax, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Stanley C. Erck
President & Chief Executive Officer at Novavax, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings Transactions 


Stanley C. Erck
President & Chief Executive Officer at Novavax, Inc.



 Overview



Age



68
                                  (Born 1949)
                                              




Notable Companies


Novavax, Inc.

Intercell USA, Inc.

Procept, Inc.




Board Seats



5





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 720 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Thomson Reuters ONE
July 24, 2017





                        Novavax Announces Positive Topline Data from Phase 2 Older Adult Trial and Provides Path Forward for RSV F Vaccine Programs                    





Thomson Reuters ONE
May 11, 2017





                        Novavax Announces the Promotion of Dr. James F. Cummings to Vice President, Clinical Development and Translational Medicine                    





GlobeNewswire
May 8, 2017





                        Novavax Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results                    





Thomson Reuters ONE
May 8, 2017





                        Novavax Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results                    





GlobeNewswire
May 8, 2017





                        Novavax Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Richard Douglas

Former Senior Vice President-Corporate Development at Sanofi Genzyme




James F. Young

Chairman, Chief Executive & Financial Officer at Targeted Microwave Solutions, Inc.





Jane E. Hager

Founder at Novavax, Inc.




Michael A. McManus, Jr.

Former President & Chief Executive Officer at Misonix, Inc.





Gary C. Evans

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Energy Hunter Resources, Inc.




Rajiv Indravadan Modi

Chairman & Managing Director at Cadila Pharmaceuticals Ltd.





Douglas A. Doerfler

Executive Director, President & Chief Executive Officer at MaxCyte, Inc.




Jon P. Stonehouse

Former President & Chief Executive Officer at BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc.





Gail K. Boudreaux

Chief Executive Officer at GKB Global Health LLC




John Holaday

Partner at Montgomery Pacific Group LLC







See 710 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 710 More 


 


 Paths to Stanley C. Erck



            Stanley C. Erck          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Stanley C. Erck






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Stanley C. Erck.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Undergraduate Degree 


University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign

                  The University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign is a public research-intensive university in the U.S. state of Illinois. It is the flagship campus of the University of Illinois system. The University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign is the second oldest public university in the state (after Illinois State University), and is a founding member of the Big Ten Conference. It is considered a Public Ivy and is a member of the Association of American Universities.                




MBA 


University of Chicago - Booth School of Business

                  The University of Chicago Booth School of Business is a graduate business school located in Chicago, Illinois, at the University of Chicago. Formerly known as the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business, Chicago Booth is the second-oldest business school in the U.S., the first such school to offer an Executive MBA program, and the first to initiate a Ph.D. program in business. The school was renamed in 2008 following a $300 million endowment gift to the school by alumnus David G. Booth. The school has the third-largest endowment of any business school.

The school's flagship campus is located in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Chicago on the main campus of the university. The school also maintains additional campuses in London and Asia (originally Singapore, but in July 2013 a move to Hong Kong was announced), as well as in downtown Chicago on the Magnificent Mile. In addition to conducting graduate business programs, the school conducts research in the fields of finance, economics, quantitative marketing research, and accounting. Chicago Booth is currently ranked first in the United States by Bloomberg Businessweek and first globally by the Economist.                





 Career History



President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    2009 - Current                


Novavax, Inc.


                  Novavax, Inc. operates as a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, which engages in the provision of development of recombinant nanoparticle vaccines and adjuvants. Its product pipeline targets infectious diseases with vaccine candidates in clinical development for respiratory syncytial virus, seasonal influenza, pandemic influenza, and Ebola virus. The company was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Gaithersburg, MD.                




President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    2008 - Prior                


Intercell USA, Inc.


                  Intercell USA, Inc. discovers and develops vaccines and immune system stimulants. The vaccine patch enhances the efficacy of existing vaccines, enables new vaccines that are viable only through transcutaneous administration and expand the global vaccine market. The company was founded by Gregory M. Glenn and Dean P. Lewis in September 1997 and is headquartered in Gaithersburg, MD.                




President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    Prior                


Procept, Inc.


                  Procept is engaged in the research and development of small molecule therapeutics for the prevention and treatment of chronic and life-threatening immune system disorders. Procept is developing therapeutics for the treatment of autoimmune disease, organ transplant rejection and infectious diseases, such as AIDS and tuberculosis. The company is located in San Diego. CA                




Head-Global Regulatory Affairs Vaccines

                                    Prior                


Baxter International, Inc.


                  Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX), through its subsidiaries, develops, manufactures and markets products that save and sustain the lives of people with hemophilia, immune disorders, infectious diseases, kidney disease, trauma, and other chronic and acute medical conditions. As a global, diversified healthcare company, Baxter applies a unique combination of expertise in medical devices, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology to create products that advance patient care worldwide. Baxter had 2011 sales of $13.9 billion and has approximately 48,500 employees.                




Vice President-Corporate Development

                                    Prior                


Integrated Genetics, Inc.







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Non-Executive Director

                    2016 - Current                  


MaxCyte, Inc.

                    MaxCyte, Inc. is a biotechnology and pharmaceuticals company. It develops and supplies cell engineering products and technologies to biopharmaceutical firms engaged in cell therapy, drug discovery and development, biomanufacturing, gene editing and immuno-oncology markets. Its products include MaxCyte STX, MaxCyte VLX, MaxCyte GT, transfection insourcing services, processing assemblies and quality systems. The company was founded by Douglas A. Doerfler, Shawn J. Green and Vininder Singh in June 1999 and is headquartered in Gaithersburg, MD.                  




Director

                    2009 - Current                  


Novavax, Inc.

                    Novavax, Inc. operates as a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, which engages in the provision of development of recombinant nanoparticle vaccines and adjuvants. Its product pipeline targets infectious diseases with vaccine candidates in clinical development for respiratory syncytial virus, seasonal influenza, pandemic influenza, and Ebola virus. The company was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Gaithersburg, MD.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    2008 - Current                  


BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

                    Founded in 1986, BioCryst has approximately 38 employees between the Company’s headquarters in Durham, North Carolina and its Discovery Center of Excellence in Birmingham, Alabama. With expertise in drug discovery, clinical development and regulatory affairs, we continue to advance our clinical programs and to generate new compounds from our own discovery engine.

We are proud of our culture of engagement and accountability that rewards people for innovative thinking and achievement of key objectives.

The commitment of BioCryst has remained unchanged. We continue to be passionate about advancing novel therapeutics for patients with serious diseases.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    2000 - Current                  


Intercell USA, Inc.

                    Intercell USA, Inc. discovers and develops vaccines and immune system stimulants. The vaccine patch enhances the efficacy of existing vaccines, enables new vaccines that are viable only through transcutaneous administration and expand the global vaccine market. The company was founded by Gregory M. Glenn and Dean P. Lewis in September 1997 and is headquartered in Gaithersburg, MD.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Executive Director

                    Current                  


MdBio Foundation







 Political Donations



$250

                  2012                


Kirsten Elizabeth Rutnik Gillibrand


                  Senator from New York                




$250

                  2006                


Christopher Van Hollen, Jr.


                  Senator at Office of the Senator from Maryland, Christopher Van Hollen                




$500

                  2005                


Barbara Ann Mikulski


                  Former Senator from Maryland                




$1,000

                  1997                


Alfonse M. D'Amato


                  Former Senator from New York                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Novavax, Inc. purchases Novavax AB                                     





 Other Affiliations




              Stanley C. Erck is affiliated with
                            Novavax, Inc., Intercell USA, Inc., Procept, Inc., Baxter International, Inc., Integrated Genetics, Inc., MaxCyte, Inc., Novavax, Inc., BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Intercell USA, Inc., MdBio Foundation.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤



















Erck, Stanley C. - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































Stanley C. Erck
STANLEY C. ERCK is President and Chief Executive Officer and
Director of Iomai Corporation. Mr. Erck applies his 25 years of
management experience in the healthcare and biotechnology
industry (Baxter International, Procept and Integrated Genetics)
to shepherd the development and commercialization of Iomai
technology. In addition to successfully negotiating major
alliances with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and
bringing products into clinical trials, as CEO he has managed the
process of developing companies from private funding through an
IPO, raising over $100 million. Mr. Erck received his BS from the
University of Illinois and an MBA from the University of Chicago.
Related Interviews:Stanley Erck - Iomai CorporationMay 27, 2003Stanley Erck - Iomai CorporationMay 13, 2003







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












 






Stanley C. Erck, President and CEO, Director, Novavax


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Stanley C. Erck



President and CEO, Director
at
Novavax


Location: Greater Boston Area, CA





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Stanley C. Erck



President and CEO, Director
at
Novavax


Location: Greater Boston Area, CA




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Stanley C. Erck was elected a Director in December 2008. Mr.Erck was named President and Chief Executive Officer of Novavax in April 2011. From 2000-2008, Mr. Erck served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Iomai Corporation, leading the company through an initial public offering and a merger with Intercell, an Austrian vaccine company, and through the development of a late-stage infectious disease product candidates. Prior to Iomai, Mr. Erck served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Procept, a publicly traded immunology company; as Vice President, Corporate Development at Integrated Genetics (now Genzyme), and in management positions within Baxter International. Mr. Erck currently sits on the Board of Directors of Novavax, MaxCyte, and the MdBio Foundation, a private charitable organization. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Illinois and his Masters in Business Administration from the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business.



8

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





3

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Pharmaceuticals




Tags
infectious disease, autoimmune disease, genetic disease, immunology




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Stanley C. ErckCareer (8)






2009




Novavax



President and CEO, Director







2008




BioCryst Pharmaceuticals



Board Member







2006




MaxCyte, Inc.



Board Member







2000 to 2008




Iomai (now Intercell USA)



CEO







1999 to 2000




PHT Corporation



CEO







1988 to 1998




Procept



CEO








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Stanley C. ErckEducation






1976



The University of Chicago - Booth School of Business


Economics, Finance









 Edit



Stanley C. ErckAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Stanley C. Erck






 Edit



Stanley C. ErckLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Stanley C. Erck









Stanley C. ErckInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Stanley C. Erck









Stanley C. ErckInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Stanley C. Erck








Stanley C. ErckRelated People








Colleagues at Novavax







Jody  Lichaa

Vice President, Quality Assurance
Oct-2015









Chris Dunne

Vice President, Finance.
Jun-2015









Brian Rosen

Vice President, Government Affairs & Public Policy
Feb-2015








View all 
Peers (41)







Joseph M. Hogan

President and CEO of Align Technology









Waleed Hassanein

President & CEO of TransMedics









Laura Brege

President & Chief Executive Officer of Nodality









Peter Maag

President and CEO of CareDx









Niamh Pellegrini

President & CEO of Autonomic Technologies









Jon P. Stonehouse

President, Chief Executive Officer of BioCryst Pharmaceuticals












View all 



Stanley C. ErckRecommended Market Profiles








Life Sciences (Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers)

10,000 or More employees
58 companies


















