










 




Gayn Erickson, Aehr Test Systems: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  

























Feedback





Gayn Erickson

President/CEO,
Aehr Test Systems






Career History




President/CEO
Aehr Test Systems, 1/2012-PRESENT


VP:Memory Test Business
Agilent Technologies Inc, 5/2005-2/2006


VP:Marketing& Sales
Agilent Technologies, 8/2004-5/2005


Senior Marketing Manager
Agilent Technologies Inc, 2000-2004


VP:Memory Test
Verigy Ltd, 2/2006-UNKNOWN


Senior VP/Gen Mgr
Verigy Ltd, FORMER


Executive
Hewlett-Packard Co, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.aehr.com






Corporate Information
Address:

400 Kato Terrace
Fremont, CA 94539
United States


Phone:
1-510-623-9400


Fax:
1-510-623-9450


Web url:
www.aehr.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Arizona State University
Bachelor's Degree, Electrical Engineering








Memberships



Board Memberships




Aehr Test Systems


Board Member, 1/2012-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Gayn Erickson - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Gayn Erickson
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Aehr Test Systems


View Full Profile
Are you Gayn Erickson? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Gayn Erickson's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Gayn Erickson's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Gayn Erickson's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Gayn Erickson through your network of contacts.
												








Gayn Erickson's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Aehr Test Systems


Past
To view Gayn Erickson's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Arizona State University


Age
52

 
 


Gayn Erickson's Biography



GAYN ERICKSON has served as President, Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors of the Company since January 2012. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Erickson served as corporate officer, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Verigy Ltd.'s memory test business from February 2006 until October 2011. Prior to that, he was Vice President of Marketing and Sales for Agilent Technologies' Semiconductor Memory Test products. He has over 27 years of executive and general management, operations, marketing, sales and R&D program management experience, dating back to the late 1980s when he began his career in semiconductor test ...
(Read More)

			GAYN ERICKSON has served as President, Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors of the Company since January 2012. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Erickson served as corporate officer, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Verigy Ltd.'s memory test business from February 2006 until October 2011. Prior to that, he was Vice President of Marketing and Sales for Agilent Technologies' Semiconductor Memory Test products. He has over 27 years of executive and general management, operations, marketing, sales and R&D program management experience, dating back to the late 1980s when he began his career in semiconductor test with Hewlett-Packard's Automated Test Group. Mr. Erickson received a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from Arizona State University.

 

Mr. Erickson brings to the Board of Directors senior leadership experience, semiconductor test industry and technical expertise, and strategic business development experience.
		
Source: Aehr Test Systems on 09/26/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Gayn Erickson's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Gayn Erickson. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Gayn Erickson's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Gayn Erickson's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Gayn Erickson through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Gayn Erickson


















Gayn Erickson's Connections (39)





Sign up now to view Gayn Erickson's 39 connections »









Jorge L. Titinger
President and Chief Executive Officer, Silicon Graphics International Corp.









William W. Elder
Board Member, Aehr Test Systems









Keith L. Barnes
Board Member, Viavi Solutions Inc.









Robert J. Nikl
Former Chief Financial Officer, Verigy









Mark D. Allison
Vice President,  Worldwide Sales, Aehr Test Systems









Carl N. Buck
Vice President, Marketing, Aehr Test Systems









Rhea J. Posedel
Chairman of the Board, Aehr Test Systems









Hans-Juergen Wagner
Former VP, SOC Test, Verigy









Adrian T. Dillon
Former Board Member, Williams-Sonoma, Inc.









Kunio Sano
President, Aehr Test Systems Japan K.K., Aehr Test Systems








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













Aehr Test Systems Appoints Gayn Erickson as New CEOHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearchSkip to NavigationSkip to Main ContentSkip to Related Content0Aehr Test Systems Appoints Gayn Erickson as New CEO•January 3, 2012ReblogShareTweetShareFREMONT, Calif., Jan. 3, 2012 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Aehr Test Systems (Nasdaq:AEHR - News), a worldwide supplier of semiconductor test and burn-in equipment, today announced that Gayn Erickson, a 23-year veteran of the semiconductor test industry, has been appointed Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the company, effective January 3, 2012. Mr. Erickson is replacing Rhea Posedel as CEO. He has also been appointed as a member of the board of directors. Rhea Posedel, Aehr Test Systems' founder, chairman and previous CEO, led the search for his replacement and has been appointed Executive Chairman of Aehr Test, effective January 3, 2012."I have been with Aehr Test since its beginning, having founded the company 34 years ago, and felt that now was the right time to turn the company's leadership over to a new CEO. We have been fortunate in attracting Gayn Erickson to assume this position. He brings excellent qualifications and experience in the test industry to our company," said Rhea Posedel."Today we have the strongest product portfolio in our history with our FOX(TM) full wafer test and burn-in systems and our ABTS(TM) family of package test and burn-in systems. Additionally, we recently announced an order for an ABTS system from one of the world's largest semiconductor companies, which we believe gives us a stronger customer base from which to grow our business over the long term. Most importantly, we feel we have a leadership position in the emerging market for wafer level test and burn-in, and I am very confident that Gayn has the industry experience and management skills to take Aehr Test to the next level. I look forward to my new role as Executive Chairman and working with Gayn on strategic plans to further grow our company," continued Mr. Posedel. "I would like to give a special thanks to all my employees and friends who have supported me and Aehr Test over the past 34 years."Most recently, Mr. Erickson served as corporate officer and senior vice president & general manager of Verigy's memory test business before it was acquired by Advantest Japan last year. Prior to that, he was vice president of marketing and sales for Agilent Technologies' Semiconductor Memory Test products. He has over 23 years of executive and general management, operations, marketing, sales, and R&D program management experience dating back to the late 1980s, when he began his career in semiconductor test with Hewlett-Packard's Automated Test Group."I am very pleased to be joining Aehr and excited by the many opportunities we have to grow our company," commented Mr. Erickson. "I have respected Aehr Test's leadership in the semiconductor test and burn-in space for many years, and watched them win key accounts in our industry with their FOX full wafer test systems and contactors. Recently, Aehr Test secured significant evaluations/qualifications of their new ABTS package test and burn-in system and I believe we are in an excellent position to win additional customers with the FOX family of products. This is both a great endorsement of the company's new product and of their ability to emerge from the recent industry downturn with new, highly competitive products that address both the memory and logic test markets. I am confident that Aehr is in a great position to capitalize on the opportunities in test that are developing out of the shift in the semiconductor industry from IT/computing dominated applications to consumer, mobile, and automotive applications. I look forward to working with Rhea and the Aehr Test team to profitably expand our company while continuing to satisfy customers' needs with cost effective, highly reliable, and flexible test solutions."About Aehr Test SystemsHeadquartered in Fremont, California, Aehr Test Systems is a worldwide supplier of systems for burning-in and testing memory and logic integrated circuits and has an installed base of more than 2,500 systems worldwide. Aehr Test has developed and introduced several innovative products, including the ABTS, FOX and MAX systems and the DiePak(R) carrier. The ABTS system is Aehr Test's newest system for packaged part test during burn-in for both low-power and high-power logic as well as all common types of memory devices. The FOX system is a full wafer contact test and burn-in system. The MAX system can effectively burn-in and functionally test complex devices, such as digital signal processors, microprocessors, microcontrollers and systems-on-a-chip. The DiePak carrier is a reusable, temporary package that enables IC manufacturers to perform cost-effective final test and burn-in of bare die. For more information, please visit the Company's website at www.aehr.com.Safe Harbor StatementThis release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to projections regarding customer demand and acceptance of Aehr Test's products. Actual results may vary from projected results. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, acceptance by customers of the ABTS technology, acceptance by customers of the ABTS systems shipped upon receipt of a purchase order and the ability of new products to meet customer needs or perform as described. See Aehr Test's recent 10-K, 10-Q and other reports from time to time filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for a more detailed description of the risks facing our business. The Company disclaims any obligation to update information contained in any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this press release.ReblogShareTweetSharePopular in the CommunityNorth Korea fires missile which lands in sea off Japan1,936 reactions4%74%22%"Women Need To Carry This Device With Them"Siren SongSponsored‘New York City Up and Down’ — 4 decades through the lens of photojournalist Jean-Pierre Laffont5 reactions20%40%40%How Al Gore Was Saved From Accidentally Declaring His Candidacy for President at Oscars511 reactions3%72%25%Man says he killed wife aboard cruise ship because 'she would not stop laughing at me': Affidavit3,352 reactions4%73%23%Zuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredSyria's unexploded cluster bombsSeth Moulton thinks Democrats needs ‘new generation’ of leadership19 reactions13%64%23%Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1530 reactions3%80%17%Discover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredTax cuts just got more likely887 reactions4%72%24%McCain’s ‘no’ vote on GOP health bill elicits gasps in Senate chamber3,863 reactions8%68%24%Border officers appeared to encourage teen to drink from bottle containing liquid meth979 reactions3%66%31%Engineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredDozens injured in Barcelona commuter train crash15 reactions0%93%7%Mitch McConnell: ‘I regret that our efforts were simply not enough this time’29 reactions2%57%41%Anthony Scaramucci Boasted Trump Could Sink 3-foot Golf Putts, the White House Says It’s 30ThomasW: What a piece of work this boss bottom-kisser is. Can you imagine the pudgy Trump in basketball shorts?Join the Conversation1 / 5368


















Gayn Erickson - Aehr Test Systems Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsGayn EricksonAehr Test Systems (AEHR)President & C.E.O, Director Not RankedGayn Erickson's PerformanceGayn Erickson has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Aehr Test Systems (AEHR)$2MSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesAehr Test Systems (AEHR): President & C.E.O, DirectorSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Most Profitable Insider TradeStock: Aehr Test Systems (AEHR)Transaction Type: Informative SellDates: Oct 11, 2016 - TodayGain: +0.0%See the Latest Stocks Traded by Insiders > Gayn Erickson's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateAEHRAehr Test SystemsPresident & C.E.O, Director$1,584,173Uninformative Buy$0Jul 13, 2017Gayn Erickson has not reported any informative transactions for AEHR, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record Showing:All TransactionsInformative TransactionsDateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Jul 13, 2017 Uninformative Buy $0 11,400 $3.99 N/A  Apr 04, 2017 Uninformative Buy $3K 3,000 $4.43 N/A  Feb 28, 2017 Uninformative Buy $0 35,000 $5.24 N/A Show MoreSee All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























