    Mark Erlander | Trovagene , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com    Mark Erlander | Trovagene , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

	STIG ERLANDER'S JUBILEE Trademark of ERLANDER, STIG R.. Serial Number: 74315067 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Wines and Spirits Products
STIG ERLANDER'S JUBILEE










 
Get FREE email alerts













STIG ERLANDER'S JUBILEE  Trademark Information
 ERLANDER, STIG R.
red and white wine




Perfect for these industries

Wines and Spirits Products





Words that describe this mark
red   white   wine    
                                    




This is a brand page for the STIG ERLANDER'S JUBILEE trademark by ERLANDER, STIG R. 
                                in Altadena, CA, 91101.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this STIG ERLANDER'S JUBILEE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner ERLANDER, STIG R. of the STIG ERLANDER'S JUBILEE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the STIG ERLANDER'S JUBILEE trademark.
                           






On Friday, September 18, 1992,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        STIG ERLANDER'S JUBILEE by 
                        ERLANDER, STIG R., Altadena, CA  91101.
                        The USPTO has given the STIG ERLANDER'S JUBILEE 
                        trademark serial  number of  74315067.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for STIG ERLANDER'S JUBILEE is 
                        
                        
                                            STIG R. ERLANDER of 
                                            2279 LAKE AVENUE,  ALTADENA, CALIFORNIA 91001,  
                                .
                            The STIG ERLANDER'S JUBILEE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Wines and Spirits Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for STIG ERLANDER'S JUBILEE 
                            is red and white wine. 
                            





Word mark:
 STIG ERLANDER'S JUBILEE


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

5/1/2005



  Serial Number:  
74315067


  Filing Date:  
9/18/1992


 Registration Number:  
1846910 


 Registration Date:  
7/26/1994


 Goods and Services: 
red and white wine


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/3/1994


Last Applicant/Owner:

ERLANDER, STIG R.Altadena, CA  91101
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


STIG R. ERLANDER
2279 LAKE AVENUE
ALTADENA, CALIFORNIA 91001







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (033) - Alcoholic beverages (except beers). 


First Use Anywhere: 
6/4/1990


First Use In Commerce: 
6/4/1990





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your STIG ERLANDER'S JUBILEE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/1/2005
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



STIG R. ERLANDER


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of STIG ERLANDER'S JUBILEE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search stigerlandersjubilee on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for STIG ERLANDER'S JUBILEE 




STIG ERLANDER'S JUBILEE is providing red and white wine.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









  Mark Erlander - It’s a New Day In Cancer Monitoring | Trovera                    Leadership TeamWorking to Develop Oncology Therapeutics to Improve Cancer Care   OverviewPrecision MedicineLeadership TeamNews & Events Mark Erlander, PhD | Chief Scientific OfficerMark Erlander joined Trovagene in 2013 as Chief Scientific Officer.Prior to joining Trovagene, Dr. Erlander served as Chief Scientific Officer at bioTheranostics, a bioMerieux company, which was previously AviaraDx and acquired by bioMerieux. As CSO, he led R&D, Medical & Scientific Affairs and clinical laboratory operations for the development of proprietary predictive tests in oncology for therapy decisions that are currently in ASCO and NCCN guidelines.Prior to this, Dr. Erlander was a Group Leader, and subsequently, Research Fellow in drug discovery at Johnson & Johnson (R.W. Johnson Pharmaceutical Research Institute). At J&J, Dr. Erlander led both efforts in drug discovery and the use of genomic technologies to identify new drug targets. Previous to this, he was an Assistant Member/Professor at The Scripps Research Institute where he also received his post-doctoral training.Dr. Erlander is an accomplished researcher in oncology diagnostics, therapeutics and genomic technologies with 41 issued U.S. patents and over 50 pending applications. He has co-authored over 90 scientific publications.Dr. Erlander’s main interest is precision medicine in oncology by leveraging the intersection between targeted therapies and molecular diagnostics.Dr. Erlander holds a BS degree in Biochemistry from the University of California, Davis; an MS degree in Biochemistry from Iowa State University; and a Ph.D. in Neuroscience from the University of California, Los Angeles.





















 



 Trovagene Appoints Mark Erlander, Ph.D. as Chief Scientific Officer 
         










    










 






 











 









Trovagene Appoints Mark Erlander, Ph.D. as Chief Scientific Officer

Mar 04, 2013, 05:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Trovagene, Inc. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







A molecular diagnostics company with unique intellectual property around the discovery that DNA and RNA, present in urine, can be diagnostic of cancer and infectious disease.  (PRNewsFoto/Trovagene, Inc.)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




A molecular diagnostics company with unique intellectual property around the discovery that DNA and RNA, present in urine, can be diagnostic of cancer and infectious disease.  (PRNewsFoto/Trovagene, Inc.)
 


 

 




 





 


SAN DIEGO, March 4, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Trovagene, Inc. (NASDAQ:   TROV), a developer of transrenal molecular diagnostics, today announced that Mark Erlander, Ph.D., has joined the company as chief scientific officer.  Dr. Erlander has more than 18 years of experience directing research teams with a strong focus in oncology-based molecular diagnostics.  He has developed multiple novel molecular diagnostic assays from biomarker discovery to test commercialization, notably CancerTYPE ID® and Breast Cancer IndexSM. Dr. Erlander has overseen a significant portfolio of retrospective and prospective clinical studies to establish both clinical validity and utility of these tests.  
(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120620/LA28014LOGO)
As chief scientific officer for Trovagene, Dr. Erlander will direct the clinical development program for the company's portfolio of transrenal and urine-based molecular diagnostic assays. Clinical studies will initially focus on Trovagene's oncogene mutation tests currently in development. Dr. Erlander will also oversee the ongoing clinical program for Trovagene's human papilloma virus (HPV) carrier screening assay.
"As we move toward commercial availability for our urine-based HPV carrier screening and oncogene mutation tests, we are significantly expanding our clinical development capabilities. Mark's expertise will be invaluable in this pursuit," said Antonius Schuh, Ph.D., chief executive officer of Trovagene. 
"The promise of urine-based oncogene mutation detection and testing has the potential to be transformative in cancer care," said Dr. Erlander. "The ability to detect oncogene mutation signals in cell free DNA combined with the significant advantage of using urine as a sample represents an intriguing opportunity to improve patient monitoring."
Dr. Erlander previously served as chief scientific officer of bioTheranostics (a bioMerieux company), a molecular oncology diagnostics laboratory based in San Diego. Prior to bioTheranostics, Dr. Erlander was a research fellow at the R.W. Johnson Pharmaceutical Research Institute (Johnson & Johnson). Earlier in his career, he was a postdoctoral fellow in the Department of Molecular Biology at The Scripps Research Institute, La Jolla. 
Dr. Erlander holds a BS degree in Biochemistry from the University of California, Davis; a MS degree in Biochemistry from Iowa State University; and a Ph.D. in Neuroscience from the University of California, Los Angeles. He holds 38 issued U.S. patents in the areas of diagnostics, therapeutics and genomic technologies, and is an author of 73 scientific publications with 56 peer-reviewed original articles and 17 review/chapter publications.
CancerTYPE ID® and Breast Cancer IndexSM are registered marks of bioTheranostics, a bioMerieux company.
About Trovagene, Inc.
Headquartered in San Diego, California, Trovagene is developing its patented technology for the detection of transrenal DNA and RNA, short nucleic acid fragments, originating from normal and diseased cell death that cross the kidney barrier and can be detected in urine.  Trovagene is leveraging its intellectual property in oncogene mutations via out-licensing and use of its transrenal technologies to extend oncogene mutation detection using urine as a sample.  As a non-invasive and abundant sample, urine may overcome many of the cost and collection challenges associated with biopsy, as well as the volume limitations of blood.
Trovagene has a strong patent position as it relates to transrenal molecular testing. It has U.S. and European patent applications and issued patents that cover testing for HPV and other infectious diseases, cancer, transplantation, prenatal and genetic testing. In addition, it owns worldwide rights to nucleophosmin-1 (NPM1), an informative biomarker for acute myelogenous leukemia (AML) and mutations in the SF3B1 gene, which have been shown to be associated with chemotherapy response in chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) patients, as well as other hematologic malignancies.
Certain statements in this press release are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as "anticipate," "believe," "forecast," "estimated" and "intend," among others. These forward-looking statements are based on Trovagene's current expectations and actual results could differ materially. There are a number of factors that could cause actual events to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, substantial competition; our ability to continue as a going concern; our need for additional financing; uncertainties of patent protection and litigation; uncertainties of government or third party payer reimbursement; limited sales and marketing efforts and dependence upon third parties; and risks related to failure to obtain FDA clearances or approvals and noncompliance with FDA regulations. As with any medical diagnostic tests under development, there are significant risks in the development, regulatory approval and commercialization of new products. There are no guarantees that future clinical trials discussed in this press release will be completed or successful or that any product will receive regulatory approval for any indication or prove to be commercially successful. Trovagene does not undertake an obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement.  Investors should read the risk factors set forth in Trovagene's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 and other periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Contacts
Trovagene, Inc.Amy CaterinaInvestor Relations+1 (858) 952-7593acaterina@trovagene.comhttp://www.trovagene.com
 
 SOURCE  Trovagene, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.trovagene.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Mar 12, 2013, 09:10 ET
Preview: Trovagene to Present at 25th Annual Roth Conference




















Feb 12, 2013, 05:00 ET
Preview: Trovagene Announces Commercial Launch Timelines for HPV Carrier and Oncogene Mutation Tests








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Jul 14, 2017, 09:00 ET
Trovagene Announces FDA Approval of IND for Phase 1b/2 Trial of...














Jul 14, 2017, 09:00 ET
Trovagene Announces Peer-Reviewed Publication of First-in-Human...














Jul 14, 2017, 09:00 ET
Trovagene Announces $7.1 Million Registered Direct Offering











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 





MARK Product |







































 













Search:


 



MARK Product
menu
Search

Products

All
Sofas
Chairs
Tables
Benches & Stools
Other


News
About

Ethics and Sustainability
Hart Miller
Made in Britain
Meet the team


Contact
 






Mycroftview here >Arrisview here >Universalview here >Sixview here >Netview here >Shaperview here >Millyview here >Flagview here > 





NEW ALF BAR STOOL





Alf / bar stool





Alf / bar stool





Alf / mid height stool







Featured Project




Tate St Ives

 







News at MARK



JOB OPPORTUNITIES
Do you have the passion and drive to become a key part of our team, if so we’d love to hear from you. We’re currently looking to fill three new […]
		28.07.17	


SHOWROOM MOVE
As the summer break approaches the MARK showroom is moving – but not far – 50 paces around the corner. We’re really excited about our new, larger space – we’ll […]
		19.07.17	


MIXOLOGY AWARD WIN
We’re honoured that our design studio Hart Miller Design have won the highly regarded Design Team of the Year award at the Mix Interior Awards. Founding directors Anna Hart and […]
		20.06.17	





MARK on Instagram
Load More...Follow on Instagram 



See More on Twitter
Focal Point Gallery @FPGSouthendJoin us tomorrow for the launch of our new cultural venue on #Southend Seafront. 6-9pm. All welcome! @unittwentyone https:…17:39, WedRetweeted by MARKReplyRetweetFavouriteMARK @MARKProductGreat quote from Crystal Pite on creative leadership 'being a leader means I have to know what I'm doing. Being creative is exact opposite.'06:39, MonReplyRetweetFavourite 






MARK Product are designers of contemporary furniture based in Cornwall. All our products are manufactured here in the UK.

About
Stockists
News


MARK Product Ltd.
Showroom
31 Clerkenwell Road
London EC1M 5RN
020 7490 7718
Head Office
Rosemanowes Quarry
Herniss, Penryn
Cornwall, TR10 9DU
enquiries@markproduct.com
+44 (0)1209 860133

Follow MARK on Twitter
Follow MARK on Pinterest
Follow MARK on Instagram
Follow MARK on LinkedIn




Products

Arris
Bosco I
Bosco II
Flag
Fold
Laser
Milly
Mya
Mycroft
Mylar
Mylo
Iso


 

Alf
Net
Piazza
Shaper
Six
Slide
Studio
Type
Universal
Verso
Wave

 

Ranges

Sofas
Chairs
Tables
Benches & Stools
Other




© MARK Product 2016. MARK Product is a trading name of Hart Miller Design Ltd. Company no. 6591744. All Rights Reserved. All intellectual property rights in our designs, products and the images on this website are, and will remain, the property of MARK Product. Any infringement of ours rights will be taken seriously.













